The lunch buffet from 11:30 to 3pm is crazy delicious!  Weekend buffet is 10 dollars a person.  Try a little bit of this and that, take what you want, leave what you don't.  Great food, good service.  I recently went to their Odana Rd location on the West side for dinner and the food was still very, very good, but the price was nuts!  So stick with the lunch buffet and you will have happy belly and happy wallet.
One of a select few good places to eat on the far East side of town.  I mean come on, between a bunch of chain restaurants flanking the mall and Maharaja, there's no comparison.  Love lunch buffet, and you can in fact grab a solid dinner as well.  Perfect dinner for two: samosas, ginger naan, bainghan bartha (mashed grilled eggplant mmm), and mango chicken curry.  The service is very courteous for dinner, they drop your napkin in your lap and you get a hot steaming towel after your meal!  Extra points for the extremely bass-heavy hip hop gospel music coming through the wall from Now Faith Ministries next door.  They have one helluva sound system.  If that's not your sort of thing, then avoid typical church hours. ;)
Excellent lunch buffet, quick service.
Love this place. Their lunch buffet is great. So is their dinner menu. My partner and I went there for dinner on New Years Eve and for Valentines Day, we had so much fun. It is a relaxed atmosphere and they have great food. I recommend the Tikki Masala.
Tired of "phone-it-in" lunch buffets, with the same 6 dishes day after day?  Then Maharaja might get you out of your funk.  I've been to their lunch buffet about 5 times, and EVERY time there is a new dish or two that I've never seen before.

Great price on the lunch.  Wonderful dessert selection.  Good variety between meaty and veggie dishes.  Love the goat curry.  If you like Indian food at all, you can't go wrong with a lunch at Maharaja.

(And for facebookers... No, I did NOT eat 4 times tonight.  Just catching up on some restaurants that deserve a good review.)
The buffet is ok, but I came back for dinner and the specific items are very good. I had a vegetable korma and a chickpea curry. Samosas were super. Chutney could have been a bit spicyer, but hotness on the food at medium was quite good. Go here for dinner. Yum. 

They had as special, 2 entrees, nan, rice and popadom for $20.
I have drove past this place a thousand times, and never realized it was even here.  I didn't discover my deep and passionate love of Nepalese food until moving up to the Twin Cities, but over break my dearest mother suggested we go to the Maharaja on the east side.

"On the east side?" I scoffed, foolishly.  "There is nothing but chain food and malls on the east side!"  I know this statement fairly well, as we grew up 20 minutes east of the east side of Madison, making a trip downtown quite a hike.

But she assured me that it was in fact  on the east side.  And not on the east side like....Ella's Deli is on the east side.  This thing is on the East Side as in East Towne Mall is on the East Side.

So, reluctantly, I went in.  AND WAS GREETED WITH AWESOME.  This buffet was amazing.  They had a coconut soup which was great, all of the chicken dishes were great, they had a wide variety of veg dishes...I was so stunned and amazed.  Even though I didn't partake, they served strawberry lassi...mmm!  Finished off with some mango ice cream, I couldn't have been more impressed.

Whenever I visit home, I always drag my family along to Maharaja.  Delicious, and a good price.  All the staff are very friendly too!!
This is it - the cream of the crop.  

I've lived in the Madison area for the past two years, have visited many of the local Indian buffets, and have found none that equal the Maharaja standard.   Buffet dishes change on a daily basis, but you can always count on their show-stopping chicken tikka masala to be in the mix.  In addition to the standard meat curries and tandoori chicken, they always offer multiple vegetarian dishes and an array of appetizers.  

Recommendations:  coconut soup, vegetable korma, malai kofta, baingan bhartha, chicken tikka masala, mango ice cream

The staff is wonderful and always keeps plates of naan a plenty :)

Maharaja is by far one of Madison's best restaurants.  And, you can't beat their lunch buffet deal (under $10).   But diners beware, it is incredibly easy to overeat at this place...forcing one into an almost immediate food coma upon settling the check.
This place had its awards placed up near the entrance, so they can say they're awesome. But, these awards are outdated. Remember one that was dated back in 2008. No 2010 yet. ha.

Had the Tandoori chicken and the Lamb curry. The lamb curry was awesome, although not enough lamb chunks.  The tandoori was excellent and spicy.  Had a side order of naan too. Delicious! But expect to pay a good amount. Its quite good and the awards don't lie.
The staff here make the experience. Since I am not a fan of buffets, I can only tell you about the meals here. DELICIOUS. I don't eat meat, my boyfriend almost only eats meat, we both found things we loved. it was the best! We liked to eat here once a week since it was so amazing.
I'm not usually a fan of buffets, but Maharajah's lunch buffet was quite enjoyable. I tried small amounts of a variety of dishes and sauces and all were tasty. Their stuffed eggplant special and goat curry were super. The food seemed to be recently made as it was not dried out or overcooked.
Sorry I am indian and as a indian this place blows .. Their aloo parathas are a cop out the just use samosa filling for the stuffing ...  The spicy pickles are from a can, also their vegetable curry is made with frozen vegetables not fresh ... Also I know its not a authentic place when the serve beef...  No authentic place will ever serve beef, they will serve goat, lamb, chicken and every animal except beef... what else, oh yea two of the servers started chewing each other out in the back of the room where EVERYONE could here.... Also they should invest in making "chaat" food - street food of india .. they had none of that one the menu!  I will give it 1 star because the garlic naan was good.. Also our waiter was really nice it was some guy who moved here from SD... Save your indian food craving and head down to Chicago
I am not sure what I like for Indian food but this was damn good.
Pretty good lunch buffet, theres alot of vegetarian choices if you stick to a certain kind of diet like myself.  I eat only Halal meat.  I haven't asked if any of the meat on buffet was halal only because I don't want to make a fuss.  I will however call ahead and see if they are serving any Halal meat before I decide to dine for dinner.  Sometimes they have Chicken and Goat but sometimes only goat.  

As far as authenticity goes, I can't personally say because I am not south asian.  That being said, a friend of mine who is complains alot that there is no authentic south asian restaurants in Madison.  This how ever does not take away from the tastiness that I have experienced at Maharaja.  

They have satisfying dishes that come in satisfying portions.  If you dare to go to the spicy side of the spectrum they are constantly filling your water, which is awesome.  You don't want to be left without water when the burn becomes too much.  You can ask for not so spicy though ;)

The only not so great thing I've ever had here was the Cheese pakora, they kind of seemed like they were pre made (as in frozen) and not fresh. That was the only thing, ever, in all the times I've been to Maharaja.  

Both east and west locations have awesome service and tasty main dishes.
You'll be treated like royalty at the Maharaja. 

I first came upon this place by chance. I was in town for work and noticed that there was an Indian restaurant nearby. After reading the great reviews on Yelp, I knew I had to try it for myself.

I ordered the Chicken TIkka Masala along with Naan bread and a cup of chai. I ordered the food to be Indian hot. The waiter replied, "I like your confidence!" It was very tasty and hot just as I like it. 

The restaurant was well kept, the staff treat the guests as royalty so the service is wonderful, and the prices are decent for what you're getting.  

Don't forget to stop by the Indian grocery that is located next door to this location! It has a large selection of items so that you can make your own Indian dinner at home. 
Will I be back the next time I'm in town?
Absolutely.
We did takeout and we ended up with large portions of excellent chicken tikka masala, garlic naan and veggie pakora and they gave us free chai for the road!
I have a new found love for Indian food and when I found myself in Madison I had to check this place out. It was most excellently delicious! The staff was very nice and the price for 3 people including 4 drinks and an appetizer was about $75. If you ever find yourself on the East side of Madison, you should really check this place out.
The food here is good. My husband and I are new to Indian food, so I can't speak to its authenticity or how good it is in comparison to other Indian food, but overall we really liked the food here. The chicken tikka masala was particularly delicious, though there were lots of very good options at the buffet. The naan was also good (and needed to cool the mouth every so often).

The service was okay! Nothing good or bad to say there. The inside was really not all that awesome. That was the major part that brought down the experience for us; it looked like it could do with a face-lift.
The decor was ok. Nothing special but there were some odd mylar stars and hot air balloons hanging from the ceiling

Came in for dinner and there are two other tables at 8:00 on a Thursday night.  I wonder if people go to bed early around this neighborhood or if this place just isn't that popular.

Coconut soup was weird .  A mix of hot coconut milk that's been watered down and then laden with sweetened baking coconut from a bag.  This was definitely not fresh coconut in any way and I found this soup to be disapointing.   

Lamb Saag was about as much lamb as you might expect for a dish costing 12.95. It's uniform liquidey sludge was a little too reminiscent of diarrhea for me and I lost a little of my appetite, though the lamb was tender and cooked well.  The overall dish was very very salty with no special taste.  Just a little spicy, a little Indian, and a little lamb.  They are probably using curry paste from a jar, or there is just not a very imaginative cook in the kitchen because the whole dish was lacking in flavor (besides salt).  A whole cardamom pod was left hidden in the diarrhea sludge, which led to an unpleasant burst of cardamom in one bite.

Rice had clearly been sitting around for awhile and was very dry throughout with crunchy bits and very chewy bits.  I just don't see how this is acceptable to serve someone in a restaurant.  Rice is one of the cheapest ingredients out there.  If the rice has been sitting for too long, throw it out and make more.  

I tried the saag with the rice and the oily mess of lamb Saag rehydrated the rice somewhat, and the rice's absorption of the Saag took away some of its saltiness.

Three sauces or chutneys that came with the papadom were not very good at all. 

Had to ask to have my water glass filled every single time I finished it. (this is a major pet peeve)
Excellent, excellent! Very impressed with their assorted curry dishes. Highly recommend. Don't expect fancy atmosphere. The staff moves at their own pace but that doesn't matter when the food is soooo good.
We went for the buffet on a Sunday morning, and are so glad we decided to give it a try!  My husband's favorite is Chicken Tikka Massala - which they had on the buffet.  I'm pretty new to Indian food, but there were so many options and so many things I liked!  

The service was amazing!  Our water glasses were constantly full, which is good considering some of the food is really spicy!  We're not from that area, but if we were in the neighborhood, I would consider going there again!
What a great find! As several others have pointed out, the decor is nothing to write home about - nor even to dwell on it in a Yelp review, but It has always been my contention that if you offer great food at a fair price and are not offering a dining experience, then restaurant cleanliness and an attentive wait staff is a better investment than wood carvings and mood lighting.

We came for lunch and it turned out they had a fantastic buffet! Everything from tandoori chicken to palak aloo. Every dish was so flavorful and authentic. Having spent two years overseas where I associated with several Indians, I know they would have been suitably impressed. The waiter brought naan to the table and was there when our water glasses emptied. He didn't hover but he was attentive.

My lunch partner and I got a kick out of the sign that politely let buffet eaters know we were welcome to the food but would be charged for waste. It should go without saying, but I have been to several all-you-can-eat buffets and have witnessed first hand the amount of leftover food that has to be thrown away because people take too much. Personally I think part of the blame should be placed on the cooks/managers for not putting out a better product, but certainly the customer is largely to blame. Hence, a sign that clearly articulates the Maharaja's expectation of its customers is a good thing. Let's face it, if the food was bad, the customer would be screaming...

Bottom line, Eat here if you love Indian food.
At tha advice of the reviews on yelp, my family decided to try out this restaurant. Excellent food at decent prices.  If you like Indian food, I would highly recommend that you eat here.
I was in town on business and had a free night so I decided to give Maharaja a try. I had the Mulligatawny Soup, Garlic Naan, and the Tandoori Chicken.  The food was really good (awesome Naan!) and the portions were quite large.  The chicken was out-of-this-world and I could not finish it all. 

The only negative was the service. I dined on a Tuesday evening at 6:30ish. It took a long time for my waiter to take my order. Though the place seemed relatively full. There were only two waitstaff.  When i arrived, there seemed to be several employees outside smoking. Also, My waiter was not of Indian descent, which is perfectly fine, but he did not speak English, thus my questions about the menu and what he recommended went unanswered. It also took a long time for my food to arrive. From the time I sat down to the time my food arrived was almost an hour. 

All-in-all, I would go back again because the food was very good. I would have given 4 stars, save for the awful customer service.
I went here at the suggestion of several people who told me how great the food was. I admit my experience with Indian cuisine is limited, but for the most part pleasant, so I thought it was worth a try. 

The food was outstanding! I ordered Aloo Ghobi. Really flavorful and spicy. I don't know if this is commonplace everywhere, but since I moved up from Texas it's been really difficult to order a dish and be satisfied with the level of heat. Here they asked if I preferred mild or hot, when I said hot, they asked how hot, I said very and they definitely delivered. My husband ordered the tandoori chicken which is a very generaously sized portion. It comes out on what looks like a small griddle, steaming, with peppers and lemon slices. They also brought out a big bowl of white rice along with some Naan bread that we asked for. All in all, it was a very satisfying experience and we will definitely be going back!

Service can be a little slow, but the staff are very attentive and helpful. They're also really good at refilling drinks, I know it seemed like our server kept refilling my glass every time I took a sip.
I can't say enough good things about this place!  My husband, son and I go there at least once a month and it is always delicious and they take such good care of you!  Some restaurants look at you when you walk in with a little one and grimace they are always joking with our son and making him, and us, feel very comfortable!  The food is SOOO good - not a bad thing on the menu!  If you're looking for a great Indian meal in a great atmosphere with fantastic staff this is the place!
Our family went to celebrate a birthday with an Indian dinner - there were 6 of us in our happy group.  We have been going to the Maharaja for years, to enjoy the lunch buffets, Valentines Day, birthdays etc.  Tonight the food was good, but the service was an issue.

To start, we could see that the staff had changed.  The service took a long time, even though there were only 5 tables with customers and six wait staff.  The server did not understand English well enough to properly place the order, so there was extra wine for one person.  Also, the glassware and flatware were spotted, with some that needed to be sent back.

The service had really changed for the worse.  The server would clear one dirty plate, then wander off, return five minutes later to get another and so on.  The Manager or owner really needs to train the staff.  They were all working, but seemed unclear as to who was responsible for what duties.

We also ordered ice cream and a special birthday dessert, while very tasty - the service was vey slow, at least 10 minutes from the time the ice cream was ordered to served.

What really put us over the top was when they refused to accept their own $50 Gift Certificate that they sold to me in June towards the $160 bill (not including tip).  It had only been approximately 6 weeks. Apparently, this location has been sold.  The old owners still own the location on Odana Rd (same name), but not this one.  Therefore, they would not accept their own gift certificate and told us, we could use it at Odana Rd.  
Interestingly, they still kept the Best of Madison sign on the door for the old ownership,  they will need to take this down.    Again, we were surprised at the business decision about their own gift certificate.
Authentic Indian in Madison, Wisconsin.  Score!
The neighborhood felt a little sketchy, and as a solo diner, my service wasn't very good.  Food was OK though.
My husband and I came today with a group of 14 people for their Sunday lunch buffet and I have to say, for the price, excellent service and quality of food, I really recommend this place!  I called ahead and they allowed our group to have a semi-private room away from the restaurant but close to the buffet.  The buffet had all the dishes you would hope for and some unexpected ones as well!  I really enjoyed the chicken tikka, chana masala, samosa and more common dishes...but they also had a goat dish, fish, several biryanis, really nice chutneys, etc.  

My only complaint  about this place was that the naan wasn't in a basket with a napkin to keep it warm...it was just plopped on a plate and got cold quickly.  The naan was great and deserves to be kept warm!  The dessert section of the buffet had a ton of variety but the mango ice cream was superb.  Apparently, when you order a meal during the week (even take away!), everyone gets a mango ice cream as well.  The food was excellent but the mango ice cream will bring me back!
Best samosas I've had in Las Vegas.  Samosa were not greasy, had good flavor and did not skimp on the meat/filling.  Good dipping chutneys too.  Retired couple run the place.  The Wife is friendly.  The husband...well you got to warm up to him first ;-).  I always go for the Lamb Samosas which my non-Indian/Pakistani friends/co-workers also enjoy.
Atif is right - it is definitely the best samosa I've ever had - I've had the beef, chicken and veggie. Very tasty, fresh and hot. It doesn't look like much from the outside. But it very well is a full indian restaurant. I really like the Na an bread with garlic or onions here. Very tasty. Plus this is one of my favorite places for Tandoori chicken. 
I've yet to try the curry because I'm a creature of habit with indian food. I mean don't get me wrong - I really like the spices -and spicey. You know the prices have gone up? Regardless it's still good. Definitely worth it. The staff is friendly and patient - I mean I had a white dude with me and she didn't even get mad because after 3 visits he got what I got :)
I wanted to go to Panda Express (one entrance east).
I just wanted to get something quick while running an errand and scooting back to the conference I was attending.

30 minutes later, my belly was full of 2 veggie samosas and full veggie thali and I was a happy boy.

I don't dig raitha, so they sub'd aloo gobi without asking me. How did they know? Could they read my mind? Amazing!

(possibly) Sad News: I chatted with the owners and they admitted that they were selling the place. When that happens, I sure hope the lucky inheritor of this establishment continues their fine tradition.
Don't go by the name, This place has nothing to do with Samosa. You can find better Samosa in any indian restaurant.

This place is run by an old couple. Old guy is very rude, and greedy. Food is not that great either. Saag Paneer was just boiled spinach with hard paneer on top of it. Malai Kofta was good, but seemed stale. Paneer butter masala was a shame. Naan is good though.

Everything is over priced, and low in quantity. No lunch buffet, and they are closed on Sundays.

We had to go to Taco Bell after spending $60 on lunch for 3 people here. i wouldn't mind paying more than $20/person on lunch if the enviironment is good enough. 

I don't know how come they are surviving, probably tourists come here for the "Samosa factory" name and also its close to the strip. Locals would never go to this place again.

And the owner/place is not kid friendly at all. He was complaining all the time about the little food my kid dropped. We literally had to clean the floor and table when we left.

All the other 5 star reviews seem made up, Look at the reviews at following links to get the real sense of this place:

http://lasvegas.citysearch.com/review/40011059/1953150
http://lasvegas.citysearch.com/review/40011059/1945476
http://lasvegas.citysearch.com/review/40011059/1650151
http://lasvegas.citysearch.com/review/40011059/2026010

Worst Indian restaurant in Vegas!  09/06/2007 Posted by sk10022000
I agree with the previous reviewer. Easily the worst Indian restaurant in Las Vegas. It is not even authentic Indian food. They try to be cute and make it taste like fusion food, but fail with astonishing zeal. Quoting a Woody Allen one-liner, "Food is terrible, and portions are so small". They add gratuity whether you liked the service or not. Way overpriced. Even in more expensive metros like SFO or NYC, you do not have pay this much for a meal at an ordinary shopping strip Indian restaurant. It's no Gaylord India or Bombay Palace (Wilshire Bvld Beverly Hills), yet costs so much. What gives? The owners (husband and wife team) serve customers sometimes. They are curt and glum. A less forgiving person might think these folks are just plain rude. Hope this review is helpful. Cheers!


Would not go again  05/12/2006 Posted by pzippy1

I was really excited to find that Samosa Factory was so close by. I called and ordered and drove down to pick it up. I ordered enough for dinner and leftovers for the next day. The manager was very nice when I picked up the food. When I got home, I was more than disappointed. The samosas were edible but barely. Though I must say the chutney was rather good. The lamb korma was not good. The naan was pretty good. But the worst was the spinach (saag) paneer. To say it was an atrocity would be a compliment. I had one bite and couldn't stomach anymore. It was awful. I finished the samosas and the naan and little rice and threw the rest away. If you are looking for good indian in Las Vegas, keep looking, because this isn't it. 

AVOID IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HORRIBLE FOOD AND OWNER  05/19/2007 Posted by susan_ty

its the worst restaurant that I have tried. Went there after looking at the reviews at Citysearch, but was utterly disappointed. The owner refused to give an extra plate to my husband to share the rice pilaf, he wanted us to dig in the servers plate . apart from that the food was horrible !!!! . It looked like the food was days old, we got a stomachache after eating that. The gratuity is added on check, even if you do not want to leave a a tip after a horrible service. The owner even fought with us over this issue.. Please stay away from this place... the food is horrible.......and place stinks..


Samosa Factory: worst indian food...  05/30/2007 Posted by barbara123

Samosa Factory: This is one of the worst indian restaurant in L.V. If one is looking for a good indian food ,this is not the right place. Owner behave very rudely especially who are new to the place. We noticed that he behave politely who are his frequent diner. Named Samosa Factory but serves worst samosas. They might be making fresh food everyday but leftovers are also served and we had this experience. We eat indian food quite often but never ate such food. It seems they serve days old food. Never ever visit this place. 

Cons: worst food and service
The name says it all.  You must order a samosa...and you will enjoy it.  The main entrees are pretty good too!  My wife is a saag fan..its all she gets and it was quite good here.
I like that they have lots of vegetarian options. We always eat too much when we go there. We average a $45 tab (for two peeps). Items may be a little pricey, but we're more than willing to support small mom and pop digs like this. 

The husband (I'm assuming) is a little dry, but c'mon, does that really affect the food? 

The few times we've been there, we had the veggie samosas served up hot with chutney, papadum, paneer palak, shrimp korma, shrimp curry, paneer korma, and sweet rice for dessert. The sweet rice was great. Not too sweet, but I did have to pick our potent chunks of cinnamon and clove. All of the entrees were great. Savory and loaded with flavor in the classic Indian fashion. I also tried the mango lassi, which is really sweet and quite large and my bf had the plain lassi, which he said was perfectly tangy (but he doesn't like things too sweet). Maybe the shrimp curry was lacking a little. But the korma is always great, if you like creamy coconutty sauces. 

When we go in around noon, there's no one there, but by the time we leave, there's like four other parties. I love taking my time here. I never feel rushed. Every one that comes to drop our food or refill our water is always smiling and friendly. 

* off the strip, non-casino
This is a pretty bad...okay a really bad Indian restaurant.  It was a horrible experience, I don't even know where to start.  The food was bad, the server had no knowledge of what was on the menu and the interior was like a fast food restaurant. Plus...being from the south I'm not knocking a southern accent, but I don't want my server to say "hey y'all what's in this dish?"
You know what's cool about this spot? They don't play the typical world beat tabla bullshit that's played in most Indian restaurants. They play jazz. And I don't mean smooth jazz, I mean Coltrane and Miles Davis jazz. The food is not traditional Indian, but fresh and tasty nonetheless. Good parathas, samosas (obviously), garlic naan, vege biryani, salted lassis, fantastic okra, and really fresh tasting saag paneer. They also sell mason jars of homemade chutney, which are pricey but the chili chutney is surprisingly hot and flavorful. By far the best place for vegetarian Indian food in Vegas. Now, for the less desirable aspects of this spot... I am almost positive that they use MSG as a flavor enhancer in their food (a farley typical practice in Indian cuisine), because I invariably end up with a headache/nausea after eating here. The owners, a married couple, aren't terribly friendly, and the "dead pan" husband can be downright alienating at times. I would recommend this place as a nice take out spot with the caveat that if you are sensitive to MSG you may want to avoid altogether.
EXCELLENT- the Absolute BEST Garlic Naan, Raita, Samosas we've had - light, great seasoning and right on 'target' - we had the vegetable korma and the mattar paneer - perfect and just the right level of spices.  Our favorite Indian is Ajanta in Berkeley and the Red Fort in London - but the Samosa Factory can give either a run for their money.  We're looking forward to our next trip to Las Vegas so we can go back twice or three times during our stay - our only regret is that we found it on our last night in town.
Yummy Veggie friendly food! The owner is very nice, and very friendly! Best Chutney in Vegas...See for yourself! This place is bomb diggity!=oP
I'm from Central New Jersey, otherwise known as Mumbai West, where authentic Indian restaurants are three-deep in every single strip mall.  Indian food is my favorite ethnic cuisine, so I know good Indian when I eat it.  And Samosa Factory is that good!

This was our first visit, and it's now our new favorite Vegas Indian restaurant.  The food was terrific, the service outstanding, and the waitress, Katie, was friendly, helpful, and attentive.  Just as important, we were made to feel welcome, by her, as well as by the owner.

We started with veggie samosas.  I love them, but don't often order them, because they're usually heavy and greasy.  Not here.  The pastry covering was light and flaky, the filling was fresh and delicious, and it was one helluva stuffed samosa.  The accompanying coriander sauce was the best I've ever had, and the chutney had a deliciously different taste.

We had Chicken Tikka, which was cut in bite-sized pieces and mixed with green and yellow peppers, onions, and an assortment of flavorful spices.  The dish was brimming with flavor, and happily, it didn't have the overwhelming heaviness that I always dread at Indian restaurants.  My nit with this dish is that we were sharing it, so presenting it on a small, flat plate made it a bit difficult to transfer to our own plates. 

We also shared a Chicken & Spinach Curry.  I hesitated before ordering it, expecting the spinach to be drowning in cream and ghee.  It wasn't.  And the cubes of chicken were the most tender I've ever had.

The Onion Nan had an abundance of onion and again, was lighter and less greasy than I expected.  We also ordered a side of Raita.  I was intrigued by the description, which said that the yogurt was mixed with Granny Smith apple.  Hmm, different.  And it was; the apple added a slight sweetness, and was the perfect complement to the tanginess of the yogurt.  It was the outstanding accompaniment for the Chicken Tikka.  

The Mango Lassi was great, too.  (Be aware that the restaurant has no liquor license.  But if you must drink, you can get sloshed before or after at PT's Pub a few doors down.  I suspect Kristin B. did just that before writing her ridiculous non-review).

The entrees were served with rice; the menu had the word "pilaf" blacked out, and the rice was plain, white rice.  This was a first for me, and it didn't make me ecstatic:  I missed the grilled onion and great flavor that a good rice pilaf - with basmati rice - should have.  

But this is a small price to pay for a wonderful dinner that will otherwise please your palate, and not make you feel as if your Fat and Calorie Quota has exceeded the National Debt.  

All in all, this was a memorable meal, and one that we look forward to repeating very soon.
I'm a huge fan! The owner(s) have been there every time I've gone, which I think is important. The food is authentic and well priced. While waiting for my Indian take out order that has always been the exact same, they offered me to try something they thought I'd enjoy. How many places do that? It is now the only thing I order and it's not even on the menu! Wonderful people and service. A MUST TRY RESTAURANT =)
Fantastic food, very friendly staff. Rivals the best Indian food in other places in Vegas , but very inexpensive. Sad, lonely plain looking location so don't go to impress a date unless she is cool enough to appreciate good food.
They serve northern Indian style cuisine. No buffet. Just fresh home cooked Indian food.
I drove crosstown in hopes of discovering something extraordinary. What I found in this small restaurant was decent. The decor was nicer than I expected. As a "hole in the wall" kind of place, the restaurant was cozy and had a nice warm color scheme. Chairs and tables were basic and the wait staff was nice. However, nice isn't enough. There were 2 other tables besides mine and service felt incredibly slow. We ordered a lamb samosa appetizer which was probably the best dish of the evening. The meat was a little too lumpy, but the seasoning was delicious.

Then we waited for what felt like twice as long as it should have been for our entrees to arrive. And my pappadums didn't come as an appetizer but as a side dish with the entrees when I reminded our server.

Communication between the two people working front of the house seemed to be lacking. With just 2 other tables besides ours, we were asked twice at the beginning if we wanted any beverages. It just makes me wonder what they would do when they have a full house. They might be weeded with 5 tables!

I had the spinich paneer and it was a little bland but the portion was good and the dish was generous on the paneer. The chicken korma was quite flavorful though the one scoop of rice I got on a plate felt a bit chintzy. Presentation of a single scoop of white rice on a white round plate placed in front of a diner could use a little color. Even if it were a sprig of something green for decoration.

All in all, the experience was fine. If service were better, I might have given this place 4 stars. But it just goes to show, service is very important to dining out.  Though I  won't rush back to this restaurant, I hope they do well in the future.
Last April this business changed hands. Before it was authentic, tastefully done, and was in the upper echelons of Indian restaurants in Vegas. Ah, the good ole days... 

The current establishment is a far-cry from the previous one. First off, the decor is, well, tacky, and not even in a cheeky Vegas-way either. It is a bit gaudy and done in a kitsch fashion resplendent with DO NOT TOUCH signs on on touristy sitars. And I don't think having a sink full of rocks in the bathroom sink is very hygienic. Hello health code violations. 

I understand menus cost money, but to have half-torn covers with handwritten higher prices scribbled in is NOT a good first impression. My second impression was to have a skinny guy leaning over me like a vulture trying to get me to order ( I found out he was the new owner ). And the other server looked like she stepped out of biker bar / blue jean emporium, replete with unkempt dangly hair. And seeing her reaching over people's food made me cringe. Hair tie, anyone? 

Against first judgements I make the plunge and decide to stay. Since when does an authentic Indian restaurant serve Mango Lassi with ice?! And the Garlic Naan was thin, almost tortilla-thin, mostly burnt, and tasted like it was sitting in the back for a bit under a heat lamp. 

It got worse for the entrees. They were slopped in their bowls with dirty sides, flatly-spiced, and overcooked. And the rice was sitting there like a mound of white blandless solidity. Lamb Curry isn't supposed to need a chainsaw to slice through. And the Chicken Vindaloo was cut in strips a la fajitas. Pounded and dense. And I thought the lamb was tough. The waiter/owner asked how it was and I told I would tell him when we were done. He never asked again. 

How I long for the old place. It was cozy and authentic. The exact opposite of what it has become. And anyone from somewhere other than Vegas would be sorely disappointed with this restaurant as it is now. Instead of the Samosa Factory, they should rename it: The Samosa Tragedy. 

My taste buds agree, I've been robbed!
pretty good food.  not authentic indian - definitely a little westernized but still great flavors.  the food was a little pricy - wasn't convinced it was worth the price but it was worth trying.
I love this place, Rick the new owner is very accomodating.  My friend from England always has to visit samosa when she is here, her fav dish is chicken korma, mine is veggie kofta with mahkni sauce.  

They have great lunch specials too!
I really like this place. The restaurant recently changed ownership, and I think that the change has brought it up from a three star restaurant to four. The samosas went from being somewhat bland to nicely spiced. The service is a lot better (very attentive) too. The food is a bit westernized, and all the Indian dishes that Americans know are definitely on the menu (tikka masala, anyone?). Then again, food is all about fusion and mixing cultures, so who am I to complain? Plus, it's all pretty yummy. 

The portions and prices are excellent. The best part is that they have a rather impressive Vegetarian menu as well as a separate Vegan menu. I'm neither a vegetarian nor a vegan, but I have many friends who are not meat-eaters, so this is a place where we can go and actually eat together without making strange requests.The new owners like to experiment with their recipes and try new things - they are very open with their process, and I like that.
The bad news: I was in Las Vegas. The good news: I wasn't on the strip. The bad news: The temperature at our hotel near the strip was averaging 106 degrees. The good news: It was somewhat cooler at Red Rock Canyon. The bad news: We were hungry and had about a thousand miles of suburbs between us and that Indian restaurant I was meaning to try I'd seen advertised at every bus stop in town. The good news: We never made it to that place...

Okay. Enough news.

About halfway (or more) back to the strip from Red Rock Canyon my stomach stopped grumbling and started screaming at me to eat. "Now!" Whenever my stomach gets louder than the voices in my head I start to get worried. I was scanning the restaurantscape through Las Vegas' suburbs for anything that wouldn't have gluten in it. (Hi there. In case we haven't been introduced, I'm Silly Ack. I don't eat gluten.) Continuing down Charleston I considered my options. KFC...nope. IHOP...nope. VI...nope. DD...nope. DQ...um, maybe after dinner. Nobody in the suburbs has time for restaurants with actual names anymore. We only get initials now.

I dodged (or in my case, Toyotaed) South to Sahara and continued East figuring Mr. Stomach would just have to wait till we got to that Indian place across town. Note to celiacs, Indian places are notorious for not having gluten in most of their entrees. Not to mention Indian food in general's pretty damn yummy anyway. Just ask your waiter for gluten-free options. If the restaurant 'gets it', they'll be very helpful. If you get a dumb look instead of helpfulness, back away slowly. The restaurants actually cooking their food fresh and not getting spice mixes and prepackaged ingredients will point out all the entrees without gluten and point you away from things like breads and samosas...

"Did I just see the word Samosa? That sounds Indian!" I skidded my rental car around a full one eighty and hammered it back to Samosa Factory. Thanks, Hertz! ...like it's on rails. "Forget about that other Indian place, this looks like an Indian restaurant and it's right here in front of us which makes it the best Indian place in town!"

There was no buffet, an immediate brownie point for the Factory. I respect a place that makes me order from a menu so they can cook it up fresh. I was already ignoring the menu's samosas even before our helpful waiter told me to avoid the samosas along with the other gluten ruined food. It's a bummer not being able to try their namsake, kind of like being a vegeterian in a steak house, but I probably wouldn't have gotten samosas anyway. So there. Instead we got Chicken Tikka Masala, Aloo Gobi, and Okra. I think some places call the okra dish Bhindi Masala which sounds like it's got a lot more to it than just okra. SF's (Samosa Factory, not San Francisco) Okra's got a lot more to it than just okra, so to avoid confusion I'll call it Okra (Bhindi Masala), or, since we're in the suburbs, SF's (SF n SF) O (BM).

Our entrees were mind blowingly tasty. Spiced about as medium as we'd hedged on when ordering them. Whether you want no spice or burn your face off hot, they'll oblige. Just be specific when you order. The only problem was that there was not enough rice so the end of each entree ended up flying solo on our plates. A rather soupy, saucy solo. As an encore we had Kheer, which is rice pudding. I guess we still had rice on our minds after not getting enough rice with dinner. It was good, but I have to admit after having Kheer at Punjab (a SF (not SF but SF) restaurant where they load their kheer up with huge amounts of cardamom, pistachio and almonds) I found it a little bland, like rice pudding. Admittedly Samosa Factory's kheer is probably how proper kheer should taste so I'll shut up. (psst, hey chef at SF (not SF)...try the kheer at Punjab next time you're in SF (not SF).) The good thing is after all that great Indian food for dinner and dessert there was no more stomach screaming, and it was in no way necessary for us to turn back West toward DQ.

We did, however venture back out to Samosa Factory the next afternoon just to make sure it was really as good as we thought it was. It was.

I have been to vegeterian Indian restaurants (reader, meet my review of Masalaa, My review of Masalaa, this is my new friend, reader) and have been to many omnivore Indian restaurants, all of which had vegeterian sections on their menus (because there's a lot of vegetables in India, silly), but I've never been to an Indian restaurant that seperated their vegeterian section into "Vegeterian" and "Vegan" sections. Pretty smart and cutting edge. I think these guys are on the technological forefront of U.S. style (not U.S. but ...oh, never mind!) Indian dining. Be on the lookout for them to launch a fast-casual version of this restaurant in hundreds of cities by the end of Q4 (that's the fourth quarter for those of you not familiar with betting on football at the office).

If not, you didn't hear it here first.

-Silly Ack
I discovered The Samosa Factory after doing a web search when I arrived in Vegas for business.  I grew up eating Indian food and eat it at least once a week at my local Tandoori.

I was surprised to find so many Indian restaurants in my search but was delighted to pick TSF.

The food is all freshly cooked using great natural ingredients and the service is warm and friendly. The vegetarian options are great (I'm a veggie) and the vegan and meat lists extensive also..

I ate there twice on my last trip and again this evening when I was back in town with my son and his friends to celebrate his 21st.  They all loved it and are eating the copious leftovers right now in their room. 

We'll definitely be back - thanks!
A friend recommended the restaurant. Don't let the name fool you. I found the interior upscale. The staff was very friendly, even when I sent the iced tea back. I hate chai tea. I had the butter chicken which was out of this world. For dessert the rice pudding, fantastic. It had cinnamon and fresh blueberries on it. My friend had the coconut chicken which I tried also. Hard to choose between the two which I liked more.
Great food. But for whatever reason owner has  really racist attitude with actual Indians. Not sure why. Twice I went there and left 20% tip but every single time as soon as he will see us or for that matter any other indian family visiting vegas you can see On his face. Don't racially profile people. I must say that this is best chat samosa we ever had in US.
Samosa Factory ha being reborn with a savior fare in their dishes that have me dreaming of my next meal there, the food is flavor-full yet light on the stomach  unlike typical Indian cuisine that tends to be way to greasy and the spices seem to hit your stomach and make u want to fall asleep with nightmares. I will be coming back more often now specially for lunch since their prices are as good as any joints around town. Make sure to try their rice pudding it is so simple and so delightful makes me have daydreams on how good it is, but try for yourself and enjoy the rebirth of this great local spot....Njoy
Had passed this place on our way to Hedary's Restaurant & registered in our heads. Later the same evening after doing Hoover Dam, needed a snack. Samosa being a good snack thought about Samosa Factory.

With a name like that, Samosa should be the signature dish, right? That's what we thought. 

Ordered 2 sides / 4 Vegetarian samosas as a take out & rushed to hotel to relax & enjoy the Samosas with some nice indian tea. What a let down!! Good amount of filling, no doubt, but absolutely bland. No taste at all. Just boiled potatoes! Half a samosa consumed - rest relegated to trash.   

Don't think we will be visiting this place again, nor recommend it to anyone. Thorough let down.

We are: Indians - as in Bombay
From: Georgia
Here for: week vacation
I've been hearing good things about the Samosa Factory for years, but had yet to make it over there until tonight.  It doesn't look like much from the outside, but it's really cozy & cute inside.  The tables & chairs leave a bit to be desired, but they really did a lot with the decor to improve the ambiance.

We ordered Chicken Vindaloo & Hot & Sour Chicken, which were both good.  The vindaloo was awesome, really spicy & delicious. The hot & sour chicken was good, but all the sesame seeds in the sauce were a bit much for me texture-wise.  I also had a hot chai, which was perfect.  

The owner came by and talked to us, asking us what we thought of the place and how we'd heard of it.  He was really nice and made me feel very welcome and appreciated as a new customer.  Also, they were playing great music.  Right after finishing my meal, while sipping on my tea my favorite My Morning Jacket song came on - it was a really nice moment.
Went here yesterday for lunch.  It was ok.  If you like samosas they were good here.  Other than that I've had better Indian food.  They have plenty of vegetarian and vegan entrees though, so if you're vegan or have a friend who is then I would reccomend this place, but Tamba and Ghandi are better. The place is pretty small too so dont go with a big group.  Also it was full of white people (Im white too) but thats kind of a giveaway that its not as authentic as other places because I did not see one Indian eating there...
It seems that everyone is in agreement that the food at The Samosa Factory is not bad. The degrees to which people like it seem to vary.

My wife and I ate here for dinner one night and found the food to be "good" without being outstanding. Portions were small, even by the usual standard of Indian restaurants and the total came to close $70 for the both of us for a couple of appetizers a couple of main meals and some naan.

Overall there's a reasonably tasty meal to have here, but for a tiny and sparsely decorated restaurant located in an unremarkable strip mall I expect a lot more bang for my buck.

One of the few Vegas Indian establishments not to offer a lunch buffet.
Great tasting and healthy Indian!  Well, supposedly healthy because they said they don't use Ghee.  Ghee==gross pure fat.  But the food was definitely delicious!!!!  And reasonably priced, too!  Will definitely be going back when craving some hot n' spicy Indian food...
This is quite possibly one of my favorite little indulgences. It's quaint, family owned, and their dedication to serving quality meals is very obvious.

I absolutely love their veggie samosas and tikka masala. Not sure if they serve the watermelon shrimp dish anymore, but the flavors were completely unique and amazing. If they still serve it, ORDER IT. You will not be disappointed.

The Samosa Factory is very vegetarian-friendly and uses fresh ingredients. The staff is so polite and welcoming here. My only complaint is that I wish the dining area was just a little bigger.
Best indian restaurant i have ever had! Being indian i am very picky And know what good indian food is.. This place has exceptional service and the menu has options for everyone: vegan, vegetarians, meatatarians, and even halal options.

On the downside, I would not reccomend this place on a busy Friday or Saturday night because they are usually understaffed.
This restaurant is one of my favorite places for comfort food. I have known Rick for a long time and I love his cooking and how personable he is. His restaurant reflects his passion and kindness. It is a great place for lunches and group parties for dinner. Many nights have I savored the delicious Butter Chicken!! On busy nights its good to be patient, as sometimes there are very little staff with Rick doing most all the work (bless his heart!) The service is great and it's a great atmosphere to dine. You gotta try the hot chai tea to help digest all that great Indian food! I love it here and take all my friends out when they come visit Las Vegas, it is truly a gem!!!
I don't know what happened between my visit(s) and the ones where people are hatin' on the samosas.... because I had some of the best samosas I've ever tasted here! (And that includes homemade ones by some very talented Pakistani cooks.)  They were obviously made-to-order, as they came out piping hot and crisp.  And the chutney! MY GOD THE CHUTNEY. Had I not been in public, I would have licked the bowl clean.  

They have much of the standard Indian fare, but one dish that is unusual is the fresh spinach curry.  I've never had anything like it! Barely-wilted tender baby spinach leaves in a delicately spiced tomato sauce (not bland, but not your typical Indian-curry-taste either; and definitely not spicy).  Ask for it hot if you crave the heat.

Love love LOVE that they have a whole section of specifically vegan entrees and that anything on the menu that is vegan is clearly marked.  No guesswork!

Reasonably priced lunch specials ($6.95), great food, good service... my only complaint is that they're not closer to work or home!
OMG so good! I'm the pickiest eater in the world, and I discovered Indian food at a different restaurant. I came to Samosa Factory, because a friend of mine suggested it...and I was WOWed. The food was AWESOME! The prices were also affordable!! Love it!
Was good.  Is OK.  Went last time and was not very happy with it.
One of the best Indian restaurants in town!  They do serve the best rice pudding.  Reasonable prices.  I usually order the chicken tikka masala or the lamb korma.  Great quality food.  Their sauces are rich and creamy.  I think each entree is good for 2 people (depending on how hungry you are, but I've always been stuffed sharing an entree).  Small restaurant, but great service.
Food was OK. They prepare food based on Vegan style. Food was not very authentic as i had hoped it to be. It's a good place if you are looking for simple indian food and not for spicy, masala food.
I've been to several of the more popular Indian restaurants in Vegas, and this is by far my favourite!  Samosas are always fresh and flavourful, with a nice mix of subtle spices that is well-complimented by a selection of chutneys!  Hot, crispy perfection!  The Lamb Korma is pure curry heaven, too.  The boneless lamb is always tender and super-tasty, with creamy sauce over fresh garlic naan and aromatic basmati rice.  Is your mouth watering yet?  Then get off the Internet and into your car.  Head down to Samosa Factory for the best Indian food Vegas has to offer RIGHT NOW!!  :-)
I can't really compare their Samosas to the rest of the world's, so I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt. I tried the vegetarian and the lamb. I ended up preferring the vegetarian; though I love lamb, I found the fluffy potatoes and the bite of the peas inside the crunchy shell really enjoyable. The lamb samosa seemed a bit dry and flavorless.

I ordered the chicken tikka masala, to use as a standard of measure. I've had several versions by now and enjoyed most of them a bit more than this. I felt that this one was pretty mediocre, with big tough chunks of chicken in a lot of runny sauce. The amount of rice they give is a single bowlful per entree, which is OK if it's one person but wouldn't be enough to feed both my boyfriend and I. I'm not sure if they charge for the additional portions of rice, but it would be worth asking if you order more. 

Also, I like spicy food. A lot! I initially ordered the Extra hot version of the dish, which the server assured me would be extremely hot. "Face melting"-ly so. I eventually backed down to just the "hot". I ended up being very disappointed by the overall heat level. The other diner in the party who ordered a hot dish agreed in that her dish wasn't particularly spicy, either. The overall flavor wasn't too impactful- initially it had a nice creeper heat, but it hit a mid-note and then mellowed out. There were a few pieces of fresh herbs floating about in the orange sauce, which is a nice touch. 

Their rice had a good texture. 

I like that they have clearly marked and distinguished menus for vegetarians and vegans. 

I'd be willing to give them another chance if someone wanted us to go, but they're out of my way and didn't particularly impress me the first time around. 

I liked that their iced chai tea was served without milk or creamer, making it a lot lighter and more refreshing. I'd never had it straight like that and it was nice. Another diner tried the mango lassi and didn't like it. It was then offered on to any willing participants and eventually found it's way into a garbage can several miles away and melted...
I ate at Samosa Factory twice last week.  Both times trying different Lamb dishes.  They were both outstanding!  I also couldn't help ordering multiple portions of the Garlic Naan both visits.  Rick and his staff do a phenomenal job.  The kitchen and dining room are small and inviting, unlike so many other places in Las Vegas.  Rick is also very knowledgeable, quality driven and friendly.  This place is somewhere you should check out and frequent often.  It is hard to find a small owner driven place like this in Vegas and we need to support the good ones out there.
Great authentic little sleepy Indian place. Outstanding service and great food.
5 Stars.  

The complaints about the food being bland are valid BUT only because they cook all the food mild be default, it says in the menu to ask for spicy if you like some kick.  I can understand this but didn't see the section in the menu mentioning it so we got our food mild and it was certainly mild!  

Great food though, very light, not heavy like most Indian restaurants and coming from an indian family I know my indian food well.  Looking forward to going again and asking for some "kick." 

Had:
Veggie Samosas (good chutneys)
Papadum (also good)
Chai (excellent!!!!)
Saag Paneer (Very good, pretty sure the paneer was fresh also and not the Indian grocery store Verka/Dhawat/Nanak prepakaged)
Chicken Tikka Masala (good, needs kick though there was no "tikka"
skipped desert was too full

Total cost was under 50 bucks with tip/tax will definately go again!
Amazing place! I love that feeling of a "family owned" business off the strip and not a franchise. The owner, Richard , is amazing. He is very interactive with the customer and remembered my friend's order from last time he was there. That just shows you how amazingly attentive he is. 

We ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, Lamb Spinach, Shrimp Curry, and tons of their Garlic Naan. I also ordered their Mango Lassi for my drink and it was just amazing! I could not stop drinking it! 

If you like Indian food, this is a great great great place to try out. They also have a vegan menu too!!!!
I love me some vegan friendly Indian food and the chutneys were awesome.

5 stars for the service and the samosas and chutneys. The samosas were delicious and had a great flakey outside with a little bit of salt that made them really pop. The service was great and super friendly.

3 stars for the rest of the food. The entrees were a little under spiced and over salted. This may be because we were not asked about spice levels when we ordered so we got generic bland style. The eggplant, which is a favorite at most places, was our least favorite. It was a bit over pureed and had little spices. Out of the entrees, the fresh spinach curry was a standout, it had a great flavor.

With your dinner you are only served a small scoop of rice on the plate, which was not enough for a second helping of food. Since I wanted spicier food, I asked for something hot to put in and was brought a chili paste that added a good kick to the food.

I will still highly recommend this place and will be back in order to get some spicy food which I think will be much better. I am looking forward to giving this place a 5 star review next time.
This place had great atmosphere--a perfect gem in the wall. It's not a huge restaurant but that's what makes the service better. The staff was very hospitable and attentive. We met the manager Rick, who is the most sweetest, humble guy. It's great for groups of 5-8, but I went with a party of 16, which slowed the timing of the food. (Totally understandable--since they aren't use to such a large party). 

The food portions are family style, and are reasonably priced ($6-$18) We ordered their signature samosas (2 kinds: beef & veggie) that's served with 8 different kinds of dipping sauces (my favorite is the green cilantro one), the butter chicken (yummy creamy tomato curry), the lamb koran (coconut curry), chicken koran, garlic naan, sweet & spicy chicken, tandoori chicken (sooo good!), and a couple more curry dishes-- which I can't remember the name. Everything was really good, and this was my first time eating indian food. All the dishes were very flavorful. Also!! Try their mango ladee drink (it's a creamy yogurt smoothie) and also their signature rice pudding for dessert. Indian food is my new addiction, thanks to Samosa Factory :D~
This is the restaurant I go to whenever I travel to Las Vegas on business.   I'm clearly not the only person who feels this way, because I overheard someone at the next table say the same thing.  It has great food and it's a very friendly place. 

There aren't many vegetarian options in Las Vegas, and this is the best I found.  It even has an extensive Vegan menu, which is extremely rare.  I tried a few of these and they were all excellent.  I particularly liked the turnip dish.  A real treat.  I haven't seen it anywhere else.

The decor is simple and not luxurious, but it's comfortable and it's a pleasant place to visit.

The owner is not Indian, but is passionate about Indian food and obviously has a strong affinity for Indian culture, which to my mind gives the restaurant an intriguing blend of Indian and American culture.
**** The BEST NAAN BREAD IN TOWN!!! ****

This is by far my most favorite Indian food place in Vegas. I've been to many and in my opinion you need to go the restaurant that makes the dish you like the best. My 2 favorite dishes are Chicken Korma and the Shrimp Vindaloo. This place makes these dishes off the hook! I've had these at other Indian restaurants here in Vegas and they just don't match up. Even though I don't like the lamb here I'm still giving them a 5 because they make my favorite dishes the best. The garlic naan is by far the best I've had too....
INCREDIBLE!

My husband and I aren't too familiar with Indian food so we didn't really know what to expect... pleasantly surprised would be a complete understatement. It is a small, cozy, and warm environment. We were immediately greeted by who we think was the owner. He was extremely friendly and informative for newbies like us. He suggested the kameer rather than the hot and sour chicken. Boy oh boy were we glad that he did. It was one of the best dishes I've tasted! 

We were super excited to try the naan after reading all of the reviews. Everyone was spot on! So delicious! 

At the end of the meal he surprised us with a generous sampling of the rice pudding. WOW! IT WAS SOOOOO GOOD! :D

Needless to say, we will be back very soon to enjoy more delicious samosas, pakora, kameer, naan, and excellent rice pudding. I would have rated 6 stars if I had the option.

Mmmm mmmm mmmm! :)
A hit and a miss. We went here looking at the reviews and were disappointed. Don't get me wrong, if you're new to Indian food (like many reviewers here seem to be) you'll probably like it. Unfortunately for Samosa Fake-tory, we've had our share of good Indian food and Samosa Factory isn't it.

First off, to the uninitiated, samosas look and taste nothing like the one's you find here. I mean, not even close! Google samosas and you will see what they look like. After our samosas, we ordered the thalis (sort of an Indian mixed plate) and the naan (fluffy, delicious Indian bread) was great. I didn't like the saag (mustard leaf) but my SO did. Neither of us liked the chicken curry or the potatoes and cauliflower. Contrary to popular claim, the rice wasn't basmati. You can't ever go wrong with mango lassi (mango flavored yogurt drink) and that probably was the best part of our meal. In summary, our food was okay but the alien samosa was a massive FAIL. If you've never had a samosa please do yourself a favor and grab one from an authentic Indian restaurant. You will not regret it.

May I recommend Gandhi's on Paradise Road or Tamba on the strip for the most authentic and best Indian food in town?

Positives - The service was good. Our server, who I think is also the owner, seemed like a genuinely nice guy.
Not your typical indian restaurant. Small seating area. The food was surprising, again not typical indian. Food was tasteful but not burdened with spices.
I love this place!  I eat there every other weekend.  Garlic naan is to die for. The food is excellent and so is the service.
Sooooo yummy! They have a great vegan menu and the people who own it are so nice. We ate dinner there and asked the guy if we could order some to go since we were moving and had no food in the house. He made us a bag full of stuff with about triple the amount of rice and lots of extra sauces (at no extra charge) along with paper plates and plastic forks which was a godsend since all our dishes were packed up. It's a small thing but I thought it was very thoughtful of them and it was a big deal to us.
Paneer that melts in your mouth, YUM!  Spicing that is mild and yet has wonderful complex flavor to it.    Restful atmosphere, attentive service and fresh food with little oil.  So good that I went back a few days later for another meal.  Was thrilled to see so many Vegan as well as vegetarian options here.    Have eaten at lots of Indian restaurants in the Bay Area and Vegas, and this is my favorite of all.  Looking forward to my next visit to Vegas and coming here!!
Samosa Factory is where I go to read a book, eat something delicious and feel taken care of after I've had a crap day. 

If you're a spice fiend, be clear and firm about your desired spice level. Otherwise, it's pretty tame. I wouldn't say bland, but if you enjoy crying while you eat, you will be disappointed.

I especially love: their Veggie Samosa Chaat, their samosas (duh), the Hot & Sour Chicken, their naan and oh my god, I love their khir. No matter how full, I always cram in an order of khir.
I don't have much to add to the comments of previous reviewers, but: This place is delicious, and the fact it has a good sized vegan menu but also serves meat things is a boon for carnivores like me that want to be able to dine with their vegan friends.

Oh yeah! And the chocolate cherry samosa that we had for dessert was to die for.
I was debating on giving this place four stars instead of five, but I couldn't help to give it five because of the hospitality, uniqueness, and deliciousness of the cuisine. This is definitely a gem worth seeking in Las Vegas if you want something different.

I'm a newbie at Indian cuisine. The menu was at first overwhelming because a lot of the items I was largely unfamiliar with (names and all), but the eggplant, onion, and tomato happened to stand out to me (and it was really the neighboring table that made me make my decision). I received more than a plentiful bowl, a scoop of rice, and tried the garlic naan. My GOD, I didn't think vegan could taste as good as it did! While it did taste better than it looked, I couldn't be so harsh because it was definitely flavorful and really hit the spot.

The place is surprisingly small and modern with Indian decor. The hospitality and service was excellent; the waiter very friendly, but I wished there could have been a second one because the day I went there was a large party, so service was a little more delayed than usual. I felt like the server had no problem with any requests or questions that I had, and was more than willing to get anything I wanted. 

I would recommend not to come here if you're in a hurry; you sit down when you arrive, but it takes time to make the food with the quality that it has, and the whole place seems to have a patient, relaxed atmosphere.
The garlic naan is awesome.  They have great lunch specials. Try the Lamb!!
Best Indian food I've ever had.  Their lamb is always perfect.  Every visit, I have to have the following: A hot chai, Lamb samosas, Masala fries, and an order of Naan.
Every main dish I've had was great, perfectly cooked, and any time I had a question, the servers or even the owner was extremely cordial.
If you have food allergies, trust me, they'll help you out, and if you have a Vegan girlfriend, cough cough wink wink, then my girlfriend...  I mean, your girlfriend will have plenty to eat, as they have almost half the menu full of vegan and vegetarian dishes.
Cannot recommend this place enough, make sure you check it out.
We had never tried Indian food before.  Since we were new to vegan eating, we found this place through YELP.  The service was excellent.  We had Roti w/olive oil and garlic which was awesome.  For the entrees we had the eggplant w/potatoes, tomatoes and onions as well as the veggie kafta which were good as well.  We went mild but probably could have done medium spice.  Highly recommend.
This is just a little restuarant in a shopping mall that if you weren't looking for it, you would never find it.  On the outside the place looks rather deceiving as it could be confused for any number of strip mall type businesses.  However, once you step inside your senses are completely delighted with not just the aroma of delicious cuisine but the appeal of the dining area is striking as well.

Had the butter chicken with Garic Naan and my partner had the cchicken curry.  Both dishes were served at a great temperature and I gotta tell you the butter chicken was succulent and the tomato based broth was to die for.

I would definitely go back again.
When it comes to ethnic cuisine this place is a real winner.  This is a regular spot for my coworkers and I to meet for lunch and go over territory info.  The samosas are great and the entrees are authentic.  Check this place out.
I glanced a recent LV Weekly about their great write up of this establishment, praising the food, particularly the delicious and well-done vegetarian options as well and was reminded that I ate here about a year ago and wanted to update with my review.

For food, yes, this place was very good.

However, "JEZ!  Why on earth did you give this place such a low review?!"

BECAUSE the service was terrible and gave me no good reason to come back, especially with two great Indian restaurants by me!  Check it out:

My party of three and myself went out, on their suggestion, to Samosa Factory.  They're fans of the restaurant and are frequent diners there, so I pretty much left all of the ordering up to them.  The samosas were great, the side dishes were appropriately spicey to our requests so, as I said, the food was just fine.

The server, however....

A) When I informed that we were going to be paying with two credit cards as we were going to split the bill, I was told this was no bueno and that I had to go outside IN THE RAIN in the middle of the meal to go next door to the grocery story to get money.  So I went off and OH HEY after hours the grocery story blocked access to the ATM with rows of carts and closed the entrance that permits access to the ATM.  So I had to purchase something from the grocery with money back on an ATM card to get money to pay for said meal.  I was NOT happy.   

B) Server started off okay and progressively became slower and slower until it ended in a trickle at the end of the night.  Read the next two to see our indicators.  

C) I ordered a Thai tea in the middle of the meal and it just never came.

D) I requested a refill on my water three times before we finally just signed the check and I picked up a bottle of water next door.  I even requested it with the check, "Hey, can I get a refill of water and the check?"


Samosa Factory just did not do it for me, which is a shame because the food is great.  But I don't care how delicious/cheap/glorious the food is, because if the service leaves me feeling like the staff doesn't want my money, I'll go elsewhere.
This place is great and a fine value.  The food is great. The service is great and personal. I have been to Somosa Factory many times and always come away happy and full.
Went to lunch here a few weeks ago with my two sisters and ordered a few samosas, the paneer makhini, garlic naan, and the Malai Kofta.

It's very difficult to mess up these items in the first place, and they were all delicious. The only thing I didn't understand was that although we ordered it to be very spicy and high on the "thiku" scale, we received very mild dishes.

The service was very nice. Our glasses never went empty and I was a happy customer, despite the lack of spicyness.
Very friendly service and lovely food.  We got the garlic naan, lamb curry, okra, and paneer mahkni.  Sauces were tasty and all was delicious.  The rice pudding with blueberry topping was DIVINE.  I'm lactose intolerant and ate nearly everything myself.  Holy cow.  Yeah, no kidding, the 'best rice pudding in the world.'  I concur.

Difficult to locate this place if you don't know where to look.  It's in the strip mall directly west of the Panda Express on Sahara.  The exterior isn't anything to write home about, but the interior is tastefully decorated and smells wonderful.

I want more rice pudding!!
I really like it here because
#1 - the food is excellent.  really well spiced curries that aren't too oily.  great naan.  awesome samosas that are fried just enough and won't wreck you with too many potatoes.
#2 - unpretentious, relaxing atmosphere that feels very hospitable but not too overwhelming.
recommend the molai kofta curry and the tikka masalas.  
good times.
I've never been let down at this place, in fact i now make it a weekly stop.  As others have said, service is great and the owner is a great guy.  My weekly meal is chicken samosas and lamb vindaloo (hot), the garlic naan is amazing also.
This restaurant is wonderful. great service and amazing food. Wonderful selections for Vegans and Vegetarians too. This restaurant is worth checking out. great Spices and extremely flavorful!
I have eaten here regularly for quite some time.  The food is consistently delicious.  My favorite dish is the lamb curry lunch w/ Garlic naan and iced tea.  All their dishes are extremely good.  And the owner is really nice.  I often take friends and family when they visit from out of town, and they are always impressed!

I think this place is a best kept secret in Las Vegas :-)
Hands down the best Indian restaurant in Las Vegas.  Rick makes me feel like an old friend as soon as I walk in the door, so my dining experience is that much more enjoyable.  Cozy and relaxing decor and a menu that features staples such as tikka masala and lamb curry...and of course plenty of vegetarian and vegan selections.

My goal is to try everything on the menu, but lately I've just been having Rick create a dish for me and I have yet to be disappointed.

Love this place!!
Pretty damn good.  The veggie samosa was yums.
Great place. Very small inside, only about 8 tables. Wonderful food. Great owner. Some of the best tandoori chicken I have ever had. It was cooked perfect, and it was a to-go order.
I've had my eye on Samosa Factory for some time, but finally got around to trying it last night when our first choice for dinner was closed for the holiday. 

We entered the small dining area and were greeted by the incredibly friendly server. We told him we wanted to order our food to-go and he still offered us two glasses of water and a starter to nibble on while we perused the menu. We settled on the Lamb Vindaloo and the Chicken Tikka Masala. We also ordered some garlic naan. Our server was incredibly personable and offered us refills on our water while we waited as well as made some idle chit chat with us. 

Once our food arrived, we paid our bill and off we went with our food. The server also offered us a to-go menu for our return visit. Great customer service!

My fella and I dug into our meal as soon as we got home. The spice level was just right. We ordered the medium spice level to be on the safe side on our first visit. The garlic naan was delicious and I really enjoyed the rice. The flavors were right on and I look forward to a return visit to hopefully eat in the restaurant and try some of their samosas. The food is not cheap, but I didn't feel it was overly expensive for the quantity and quality of food we got.

Definitely a great Indian option in a town that is lacking.
Yummmmm... While my first experience was a little less than stellar, I can easily overlook it since the paneer is always fabulous. It's a bit far away for me so every time I come here, I stockpile paneer dishes like I'm preparing for nuclear war. The selection is really good, the prices are fairly standard for most of the local Indian restaurants, and it's never been less than delicious. In fact, I like it so much that even if the service sucked (which it does not), I would still come back. I think that says a lot.
The garlic naan is great and the veggie samosas are to die for! I think about them way more than I should admit. The samosas are delicately crispy and the potatoes are fluffy and packed full of rich savory spices. Samosa factory has my vote for some of the best Indian food I've had in a while!
Went there once and this place was amazing.  Staff was friendly and accommodating considering we had a gift certificate that cut our check in half.  I loved that this place was a supporter of NPR which is where my friend got the gift certificate, and we were not disappointed by the food either.

We each got two samosa apps, the vegetarian options and the fries.  Both were delicious.  For main course, she got the Buttered Chicken which she told me was good, and I opted for the Paneer Korma, which was cheese cubes in a coconut curry sauce.  DELICIOUS!  The Garlic Naan was also good and help me scoop up that delicious coco curry sauce that I had left over.

We were too stuffed for desert, but I'll be going back for samosas and dessert and I only hope my next experience with the service and food warrants me to keep this place at 5 stars!

P.S. Oh and I believe the state of a bathroom can say a lot about a restaurant and this place keeps my faith in this theory alive.
Finally a Chef who understands flavor.  I have been to many Indian restaurants in many great cities, as well as India itself.  Most places over spice and use less than quality ingredients.  This place does neither.  The food is quality and the taste is like being in india.  The Chef will cater to your liking if you prefer.  He has some intense spices if heat is your favorite, but the food is good for all!
Decor, music, and ambiance all give you a sense of being right in the heart of true india
i found this place by accident but im really glad i did. great lunches specials and spicyness of food is just right
Best Indian food and workers are the nicest
I've been here SEVERAL times for lunch in the last few years and I resent Misti for saying that it's not the "best lunch decision"   Okay I don't really resent it because I see where she's coming from, but based on my experiences it's still one hell of a lunch decision!

I usually end up doing take out but have dined in as well.   I've tried many items from the lunch specials to the entrees and have never had anything I disliked.   My favorite item, the Baby Spinach Curry  happens to reside on the lunch special menu so bonus for me.    With that you get a healthy serving of rice that you can smother with the tangy tomato curry sauce the baby spinach will be drenched in.  GET IT SPICY.  I find it most enjoyable when you get the perfect mix of curry and sweat dripping from one's brow.  I also order a side of Regular Naan and substitute the ghee butter for EVOO.   Dip that right into the curry or make a little pita out of it and go to town on it like I do (unless there are people watching).

Also a fan of their veggie samosas (if you put it in the name of your restaurant, it better be good), and their chicken curry is good as well.   Oh and Veggie Kofta Curry.  I have no idea what exactly that is, but it was delicious.  Kinda like little vegetarian meatballs or falafel but in a delicious curry sauce.

Rick is always great and I've never had an issue with the service, though on days where it's packed he can sometimes be stretched a little thin and it can take a little longer that way.   As an aside I also once saw him go outside and lay the smackdown on a few crackheads that appeared to be camping outside of his door and blocking the entrance/exit.    So tip him well, I don't know what his breaking point is.
The only thing I found okay was the garlic naan. Apart from that everything was pretty bland compared to what other indian restaurants offer. I am an Indian too and I would have to admit that it wasn't what I expected. There were no authentic spices which we use daily in our cooking. 

We had the mango yogurt(lassi) and the yogurt was spoiled... smelling sour and bad. However Rick totally denied it saying "we make our own yogurt and ther eis nothing wrong with it". Thats a LIE.

I am never going back to this place. There are so better places in vegas for indian food ...try Indian masala its great choice compared to its 24/7 availability!
The one thing I love about The Samosa Factory is they no not use heavy oils to cook their food.  I heard about from friends but trying it will make you never eat heavy weiged down Indian food again.  There veggie samosas as so yummy.  Our picky 7 yr old twins love them.
Highly recommend this "off the strip" joint.  It's tiny inside but worth it.
This is the best Indian food I've had since moving to Vegas 3 years ago. Very small restaurant, always people dining, but never a wait. The owner/server is very friendly and knowledgable. Listen to his recommendations! You cannot leave without the chocolate cherry samosas! I'm not a fan of chocolate with fruit, but these were amazing.
I love this place.  While the service is sometimes a little on the slow side when they are busy, the food is always hot and fresh and delicious.  The lunch specials are a real deal, but the other regular menu offerings are also great, and I encourage you to venture off the lunch menu and try something different.  The saag paneer is always delicious, the curries are great, and the naan-- the perfect accompaniment to sop up the juice from whatever you have chosen to order.  I also love how the owner always welcomes me back, and if he has not seen me in a while, gently chides me for it and encourages me back.  Try this little restaurant for wonderful Indian food, and you won't be disappointed!
NOT Recommended! I have ordered Tandoori chicken all over the world.  I never had green Tandoori chicken. I asked the waiter of the order was mixed up and he said no. They do not use artificial color. I gave it a shot. Horrible! Real Tandoori uses cayenne, turmeric, paprika and Masala for the red color. Then baked in a tandoor oven. I recommend they hire a real chef from India. 

I read so many rave reviews about the garlic naan bread. The worst naan in my life. Burnt, thin and taste of only garlic. 

If anyone knows a great Indian restaurant, please tell me or invite me over for mom's cooking.
This place is called Samosa Factory for a reason.  The samosas are AMAZING!  They come with a tasty cilantro chutney and a tamarind chutney.  2 per order and they are a very good size.  Really worth the $3.50-$4.50 price.  

They also have some unique items, such as masala fries covered in cilantro, onions, and come with a BBQ-cilantro-ginger sauce.  Very tasty.

I've never been impressed with their curries.  A little bland for my taste.  But they do have a lot of vegan options, which is nice.

Staff has always been friendly.  Great place!
Oh, this place. It was this place that made me realize that sometimes the worst review has the most truth in it.

I've never had such bland Indian food, ever. As another reviewer said, I should have known from the type of customers in there: no Indians. We ordered their masala fries, tikka masala, and a coconut shrimp dish. The fries were fine. Tough to mess up fries, although they didn't have the distinct flavor they sounded like they would have. The other two dishes? I didn't know you could call the same dish under two different names. Both looked the same, tasted the same, and were regretful the same. And it was just as expensive as a good Indian restaurant.

On the upside, the naan was good and the service was pleasant.
Great food and even better service!
Disappointing. I really wanted to like this place. It is the sorta divey feel I like in eateries, but the food was just not very good. I ordered the samosa chaat and it could have been a great dish except at the last second the chef decided to add black pepper to the top. A lot of it. The basmati rice was salty and over cooked. The paneer was a soggy mess with a weird texture and woeful lack of spice. The tandoori chicken and garlic naan were yummy (that's why it gets 2 stars). But overall the food was not worth the cost.
The shrimp korma and garlic naan were amazing! Great service and atmosphere!
Although we don't frequent Indian restaurants very often, we decided to pop in for a little snacky-snack.

We just needed something to hold us over for dinner, so we got the Pakora, and Chicken Samosas. Both dishes were very delicious- Crispy outside, soft and flavorful inside and the dips and chutneys were also addicting! 

Looking forward to returning to try other items when we're in the mood for some Indian eats...ALOHA!!!
Food was ok. Ordered to go and they got my order  wrong. Unfortunately I was already home and hungry, so I didn't turn back around. Instead of cheeseburger samosa, I got a pastry filled samosa. Instead of a veggie samosa, I got some other chickpea veggie dish. Chicken masala was pretty bland. I was really excited to try this place because of all the good reviews and recommendations, but I was left disappointed.
Husband  and I ordered beef samosas, chicken tikki marsala, lamb curry, garlic naan, and dessert samosa.  The food was delicious.   We enjoyed it very much.   The service was great and our server was very friendly and attentive.  We will definitely be back for more. 

The only negative I have was that when I asked for a straw, I was handed a cup full of unwrapped straws and asked to pick one.  I cringe at the thought of how many dirty, unwashed hands have touched all those straws.  Ew.
OH MY GAGA! This place is AWESOME! Scrumptiously delicious food and the owners are very friendly and pleasant! They have vegetarian/vegan menu items. A #MustTry recommendation! Will be back for sure!
Wonderful!

Once again a new place to define by "Awesome!"
Best Indian food anywhere!  What can i say..This is not only my favorite Indian restaurant in Vegas, this is my favorite restaurant anywhere. 

It is located on Sahara avenue, very close to a lot of car dealerships, banks, insurance agencies,etc. so at lunch time you will find many people on their lunch breaks who work in the area.

No buffet here, all food is made to order, fresh, and the way you want it, spicy. medium, mild,cream, no cream,etc so it is great for customizing.

They have a page with about 20 vegan options, which is a rarity in itself for me , since I happen to be vegan

They of course also have many vegetarian, and non vegetarian dishes you wont find on your typical menu along with all your favorites.

Oddly enough the owner is a quiet, white guy(not from India) yet he has mastered Indian cooking more than anyone-go figure. The food is the main thing and once you go there, there is no turning back to your typical buffet. There is a lunch menu, with about 5 or 6 choices, but you can also order off the regular part of the menu if you want  to get a lot more options - and the portions will be larger but cost more.

The "Paneer Makhani" dish is just heavenly and is basically an orangey-red colored thicker gravy like texture sauce with cheese cubes in it, since i am now vegan i do not order it but if you are vegetarian or even a meat eater, you have to try this as one of your dishes, it is great for pouring over your rice or sopping up your plate with the naan or roti bread.

Everything is made right there, even the samosas(no frozen boxed samosas here), pakoras, and chutneys(not jarred like most places serve) are all made fresh here and delicious.

The quality and pride that goes into each and every dish is such a delight, one wonders why many other Indian restaurants don't take note and try to step it up too, instead of serving so many oily, and in many cases, flavorless uninspired creations.

If you think you are an Indian food connoisseur, but you haven't yet tried Samosa Factory , I strongly urge you to try it,  and once you do, there is a good chance you wont want to go anywhere else, and may find yourself becoming an instant regular. I swear he uses secret addictive ingredients in his dishes to keep customer craving and thinking of them all the time!
Wow! A local took me here last nite. My first time for Indian food. Believe me......I will definitely come back. Great service and the chicken korma and garlic naan.....out of this world!
Everything I tasted was awesome and the staff was incredibly friendly and knowledgable. I highly recommend stopping in!
Great food, great service. Chicken tikka was awesome with fresh peppers. Iced tea had a surprising and refreshingly different flavor.
This place is the bombay digity!

Located on Sahara and Decatur, this small restaurant will give you a cultured taste of India.

The place is small and very CLEAN! which is a must in my restaurant world..

I was greeted by a very nice helpful waitress who took the time to explain their menu and the pronunciation of each dish.

I ordered the Spinach Paneer. I'm a huge fan of spinach, and this put me into cloud 9.. The dish consisted of spinach and tofu, and some type of sauce.. im really  clueless when it comes to indian food, i just ask what's in it and i eat it!
haha!

Also along with the paneer i had the Garlic Naan, It's good to have with your paneers they compliment each other.

For dessert I had the Keer, which was some sort of rice pudding with berries on top very delish as well!

Samosa is also vegetarian/vegan friendly which is what drawn me to the place, me being a transitional vegetarian/vegan, i was curious what options i had in an indian restaurant .

Overall i was satisfied with the service and the food, they also have lunch specials during lunch time, i did not even bother to look at that, but will give it a try when I go back!
I am not well acquainted with Indian food. As much as I like different ethnic foods I am quite wary of extremely spicy dishes. A friend of mine had been wanting to try this place out, but did not want to navigate the place alone. We went in and were seated quickly. It is a rather small place, but there was a mix of customers. Some were business people while others were families. The atmosphere was nice and cozy and we quickly got comfortable. Neither of us was particularly hungry and after getting drinks decided to ask the server for his advice. We decided on ordering a few different samosas. We had chicken, vegetable, and lamb. We also got an order or spiced fries. It was the perfect for the two of us. Everything was delicious and we were checked upon often. I can't wait to come back with the boyfriend so that he may also experience this place. It looks like a great place to take a date!
PERFECTION!

We discovered Samosa by Yelp's direction,
Ordered Garlic Naan to start our session,
The Tandori Chicken is worth of a legend,
The Lamb Saag will jolt your essence,
The Lamb Kabob is no exception!!

Believe it or not, I am of a different nation,
My wife says Samosa cures my retardation!!!!
This was my first time trying Indian food & I loved it! I can't wait to go back and try more things! The service was great as well! I would definatly recommend this to anyone who is trying for the first time - great experience!
I love this little place. The food is fantastic. The owner Rick is very personable and makes it pleasant to eat here. I wish I could eat here 7 days per week.
I was visiting from Philly and wanted delicious Indian food for lunch. Upon doing a Google search, Samosa Factory was the only place with excellent reviews so I tried it for myself. I was not disappointed! The guy who served me was so pleasant. The food came out in a short amount of time. I ordered a vegetarian dish with naan and iced chai. The flavors was so amazing!  I loved that they give you just one heaping scoop of rice because I don't like too much of it. Could only eat half my meal, so I was given a container for the food and a little bag for the naan and bonus: a to go cup for my iced chai! I found that to be very thoughtful. It isn't a big place but the decor is nice and warm. I wanted to go back before leaving but never got the chance. I highly recommend this place!
Really, really, really cannot say enough about how much I love this place! The best Indian food I have had in Las Vegas by FAR! If you are new to indian food and want something different but tasty I can always recommend the lamb korma, it's perfect! With a side of garlic nan, some samosas (of course), and mango lassi this is my favorite dinner. If I was on death row, I may very well pick Samosa Indian Factory for my last meal. 

Their restaurant is tiny, but I like it! It doesn't feel overly crowded but actually cozy. I really can't say enough good things about this place.
Ok place for groups, not that super for couples or singles.  Why wouldn't they offer a samosa with the thali platter (check their name)?  Why not offer a better thali combo option?  Papadum?  Dessert samosa in the thali?  Found it to be a bit pricey for what it offers.
Such a great hardworking guy.  Do not miss the dried fruit stuffed naan, his apple chutney, or his samosas -- lots of terrific vegan dishes too.  Gluten free?  You've found a great place to enjoy delicious food safely.
Great naan.
Great food and service! Loved the samosas. We got veggie and lamb, my preference was the veggie.

The Saag Paneer was tasty tasty but I wish I had a tiny salt shaker (blasphemy!). Garlic Naan, delish!
The vegan roti (bread) and spinach tomato curry here were excellent. It was absolutely delicious. Unfortunately, you have to drive here, so it's not convenient if you are staying on the strip. It's in a strip mall and easy to miss.
Oh Samosa Factory, you have my heart and tummy.

I have now eaten here almost every time that I've visited Vegas. It's a must eat.
I loooove the veggie choices and of course the garlic naan.
I can't decide which one is more wonderful, the owner or the food.
You'll want to eat them both up.

One tip: Finish your meal off with the rice pudding. Absolutely delicious!
My go to place for Indian food in Vegas. It's one of those best kept secrets for Indian food for Vegas in my opinion.

It's a casual ambiance place with great food that's reasonably priced. I always get their naan bread and paneer. I love it here also for their great vegetarian options! Love it.
My new favorite spot in Vegas! I go at least once a week. The Malai Kofta Korma is just DELICIOUS as well as the vegetable Samosa's, garlic naan and I'm sure everything else on the menu. 

Cute little place, great service, and food to die for. 2 thumbs up!
Love the samosa factory. The staff are delightful, food delicious & such a pleasant atmosphere. I've taken family & friends here & everyone loved it. I'd recommend this to anyone looking for some delicious Indian food!
Yelp you disappointed me tonight. 

You know if the restaurant is run by people whose ethnic background does not match the food, something is bound to go wrong.. (Sorry, just a stereotype of mine I cannot break)

Anyways, we decided on Indian for dinner tonight, and I suggested to try Samosa Factory as I had bookmarked this place for quite some time. The restaurant had mostly positive reviews which is what convinced me to stray from our usual Indian joint.

The restaurant itself is small.. Definitely a "hole in the wall" type of place.  We were greeted by this a large caucasian man, definitely NOT what I was expecting at an Indian restaurant.  Not sure if he was the owner.. but in addition to seating us, he took our order, and served us our meal.

We order the chicken tikka masala, shrimp vindaloo, and garlic naan.  Both entrees served with basmati rice.

The chicken tikka masala was NOT what we were expecting.  Prepared completely different from any other Indian restaurant we've ever tried.  I was expecting yummy curry sauce, but this hardly had any.  Although it wasn't badly prepared, it just wasn't up to our liking.  The shrimp vindaloo was nothing spectacular either.  This had more curry sauce than the chicken tikka masala, but nothing impressive.  I like curry sauce to be thick, this was more watery.  Lastly, the garlic naan and basmati rice were just average.  I didn't care of the naan because it was thin and dry as opposed to thick and fluffy like how we are used to having at Mt. Everest.

Sigghh.. what a disappointing meal.  Sorry to say, we won't be coming back.
My favorite place in all of Las Vegas! I only order 2 things, so it's hard to rate it all. The Veggie Korma and Spinach curry. I love them both! The garlic naan is covered in garlic and cilantro. It's delish too. My husband is not adventurous. He orders the chicken tikka every time. Getting him to even go in was a huge effort. Now, most days it's his idea to eat here. I also highly recommend iced chai tea!
We bought a groupon and thought this place must be awesome for all the great reviews on yelp.

The place was certainly a hole in the wall. The folks that work there were super nice. We ordered a veggie samosa which was great.

 We ordered Chicken Vindaloo- tasted bland and tomatoey. No real Indian spices popping out or any hint of tartness. I'm from San Francisco and we dine at Naan and Curry all the time and their vindaloo was my gateway to Indian Cuisine. I order it at other places and it's great. The chicken was half a breast cut into slithers. No real chunks of bone and meat. There were several pieces of  potato in there. It was like half a potato all together. It tasted like a Filipino goat stew but more bland. 

The lamb kabob was bland too, no real Indian spices popping out. It was like one kabob cut into sauce like slices mixed in this tomatoey sauce with red peppers. It was sweet and bland. 

The samosa was great but I couldn't taste any heart in the meal. No tart, no spices. The people that worked there were again very nice and great at explaining things and talking with us. It was quiet pricey too.
Wish I had known how small and QUICK this restaurant was. It definitely would not have been my choice for my anniversary dinner. 

Flat naan, bland samosa chaat, good lamb vindaloo..... Oh I just remembered we ordered pakoras too, and those tasted like fried nothing. Was excited for the spices and the textures or the onion, cauliflower, and potato but this was just potato hash, the flavor came from the chutneys. ;(
I was also very sad that we were in and out in 30 minutes and we were trying to eat slowly. Everything came out in minutes and our mango lassi was delicious, but I wish it were cold! The temp made it just seem like a bowl of yogurt in a tall glass ;(

My boyfriend and I have been spoiled by eating some really authentic and great Indian food and these were our favorite dishes there. Wasn't terrible, but won't be back.
I miss this place sooooo much! It's honestly deliciousness in the best way! The Kashmiri naan filled with dates cannot be rivaled! And the veggie dishes are ridiculous! I'm so happy to see this place thriving! It's quaint atmosphere and mood lighting on a Friday night is perfect! And I'm excited to enjoy this wonderful place again!
Delicious!! My husband and I were in Las Vegas for a few days and purchased several Groupons to try while in town. Samosa Factory has become one of our favorite Indian places. We had a chicken samosa, chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, and plain naan. 

The chicken samosa was packed with flavor and very fresh! The chicken tikka masala was not as sweet as we liked, but still fantastic. The saag paneer was more saucy than other Indian places; regardless, we really liked the dish. 

The service was absolutely fantastic and topped off the wonderful night. I'd definitely recommend this place!
Really great service,
Food very flavorful and fresh. Made to order.
Owner is very nice and accommodating.

Bernie Hanna
I have brought my friends and family here and they absolutely agree with me, food is amazing and so is the service.  It's a perfect place to come if you're a vegan/vegetarian. I'll be coming back whenever I get a chance.
I was truly excited to try Samosa Factory after reading the rave reviews and receiving a recommendation from a friend. Since their page states that they do not take reservations, I figured it would be a casual establishment and that coming with a group wouldn't be an issue. When we arrived, the restaurant was empty with just one pair dining. The gentleman that greeted us was accommodating in bringing tables together for us, however, it seemed like he had expected us to call ahead and made a comment about our group size, adding that it was a good thing it was early (5 pm). We thought this was odd given the "no reservations" situation.

When most of our group arrived, we were approached by the same gentleman to take drink orders. Then, when we had everyone, he came to take our appetizer order. Since I was at the other end of the table near the kitchen, I couldn't hear him, nor did he make an effort to be heard (he stood at the end of the table and didn't bother coming around or closer to the other end). He didn't smile once, he was lukewarm, and seemed bothered. He acted the same way as our evening continued, seeming unhappy to even serve us. We didn't feel very comfortable or welcome. The same gentleman was very warm and friendly to a couple that sat down at the table next to us, even sitting with them for a moment, so it was apparent that he was capable of these positive behaviors. It was just odd. There was another young woman that assisted us as well and thankfully, she was kind.

Food-wise, my fianc and I ordered Lamb Samosas, Garlic Naan, and Butter Chicken (Makhani). We also tried the Tandoori Chicken, Lamb Korma, and Quesadilla Naan from our friends. Everything was okay -- unimpressive and not as good as what I've had at other Indian restaurants. I was really disappointed with the Chicken Makhani because that's one of my favorite Indian dishes and this version didn't do it any justice. Also, I wasn't wow-ed by the samosas or the chutney. The Quesadilla Naan was surprisingly good and I liked the Tandoori Chicken.

Unfortunately, my experience wasn't a good one with disappointing food and service. My friends and I still enjoyed ourselves, so it wasn't a complete disaster. By the way, the restaurant didn't fill up in the two hours we were there, so there were no issues with space.
This casual, 9-table restaurant was busy on this Thursday evening, but we lucked out by securing a table.  The owner provided menus with us choosing to share orders of lamb spinach, butter chicken and Kashmiri naan. The lamb was tender, but the spinach was on the runny side.  The chicken in the butter chicken was on the tough side.  Overall our meal was pretty good, but a notch below the best so our search for a great Indian restaurant in Las Vegas continues. 

A rating of 2.5 would be appropriate.
Went to the Samosa Factory with a dear friend for lunch. She was greeted by the staff and we were ushered to her usual table by the window. 

The server was courteous and attentive. Unfortunately, the fare was not as commendable.

I ordered the lamb curry ($8.95) lunch special; A hot chai tea ($2.50); and vegetable chaat samosa ($6.95).

The chaat arrived first, a heaping plate of green chutney, creamy yogurt, and innumerable other colors and flavors. The chaat was just okay. Try the chaat at Mount Everest down the road to see what real chaat should taste like. 

The chai tea arrived after. A big steaming cup with a dollop of curdled cream floating on top. This was so disappointing. It is impossible to find good chai in Las Vegas. Does not taste like Indian chai tea.

Next the lamb curry arrived with a heaping scoop of jasmine rice. It was bland and unenjoyable. 

My friend enjoyed her chicken tikka masala and naan. I tried the naan and it was hot and fresh, though a bit thin and crispy.

There are too many excellent Indian food options in Las Vegas to return to Samosa Factory.
I had real BAD experience at this place. Person catering the customers at this restaurant has no respect for his customer what so ever. He had shown such an attitude that we all decided to walk away from that place. All we asked for is a separate check before we placed an order, and the guy was completely rude. I will never go to that place again nor will recommend to anyone. 

There are many better Indian restaurants in town who cares for customers and serves way better food than this place. I would rate this place ZERO star if I could but unfortunately Yelp is not having that option.

If you don't care about your customers someone else will. Enjoy !!
I found out about Samosa Factory through a Groupon special. We arrive 45mins before closing time.  We ordered delicious spice fries, lamb, soup and chicken. All were well presented and tasty. By far the best Indian restaurants in Vegas. Our server gave us a full size rice to take home with our leftovers...very thoughful. You do not need to be on the Strip to get GREAT personal service.
Wonderful spot! I suggest everyone try it. The service is attentive and friendly, food is prepared fairly quick and includes a wide selection of great tasting vegetarian and vegan dishes. It's a nice, cozy cute spot for 1-4 people .. has takeout available also.
Want to eat at a place where the food is consistently delicious?  This is the place.
My family and I have been here 3 times now and it never disappoints. All 3 times we have been served by the owner who is amazing!  Great service and he called my daughter by name all night,  which she loved!
Samosas are incredibly delicious.  We had the beef and lamb this time.  I swear,  one day I'm getting like 8 of these and that's all. 
My husband had the chicken curry - extra spicy. My daughter and I shared the tikka masala- very mild. Portions are big and we had some left over. The naan is cooked to perfection. I suggest ordering lots, as it's perfect for sopping up the sauce from your meal.
My family and I will be back again and again and I suggest you go too!
Best indian food I've ever had in my life!  Not greasy, fresh, & full of flavor.  My boyfriend who hates Indian food, loved it!  and now wants to go back.  Amazing Vegan & Vegetarian menu.  No other place in Vegas like it.
I've been going to this restaurant off and on for years!  Amazing food, that's all I can say!
Wow wow wow!!! I couldnt have better things to say. We ordered and shared three entrees, they were all AMAZING. Service was outstanding, food was outstanding, and location is easy to find. This is a MUST try!
I've read plenty of good reviews about samosa factory and true to story you can't go wrong coming here!! Upon walking in my husband and I were greeted and seated. The owner and waitress was very nice and had good suggestions for the menu. We ordered: chicken korma, lamb vindaloo, garlic naan and onion kulcha. We were given mango lassi to try. EVERYTHING was absolutely amazing! The service was excellent. I will be going back for sure!
Best Indian food EVER! It's clean, fresh, and so flavorful!! In a little out of the way spot - totally unassuming. Had chicken tikka masala, lamb vindaloo, chicken korma, roti, samosas, and chai. All was unbelievable:) we're so happy
Not too keen on Taj Indian, based on one visit. Two words: scary bathrooms (you have to walk down a long hallway at the back of the building to get there - it's right out of a David Lynch movie!). Two more words: slow service. We had to practically beg a server to wait on us, and there wasn't a big crowd to justify the wait. The food was good, but I would much rather go to one of the Indian restaurants on State Street before going here again.
I've been to Taj 3-4 times and have been consistently pleased.  I've never had slow service, it's always been very prompt and incredibly pleasant.  They bring you a neat little trifecta of sauces to use on your crispy bread starter.  I'm actually not 100% sure I've ever gotten anything other than their saag paneer (I dream about their saag paneer on my lonelier nights), but maybe someday.  ;)
Firstly, I should say -- this place does have delivery. In fact, more and more restaurants are offering a 3rd party delivery service called StraightToYourDoor.com . They are one such place at the moment. I have gone here a few times, dinner and lunch. The dinner experience I found slightly slow, even though nobody is there. Maybe its based on the way they prepare food or something but it feels like you wait forever. Even with an appetizer, I still waited a while after finishing it for my main course. Lunch is where it is at. For $7.95, they have a lunch buffet that includes naan. If you wanted to be el-cheapo, if you forgo a drink, that is under $10. I believe with a drink, it goes slightly over. But still, that is cheap for a lunch. It's a great way to introduce others to Indian food or give yourself an opportunity to explore other things you might not otherwise order for dinner. I find the wait staff very friendly and you can tell they take pride in their restaurant.
Went there for brunch yesterday (Sat) ... two words, stay away!

Yes, the owners look friendly ... but if its good Indian food you're looking for, Taj is a big let down. The brunch menu was sparse, most dishes watered down (tasted nothing like they should), food didn't taste fresh & to make it worse - my glass of water had stuff floating in it.
I always get the chicken tikka masala and it's always delicious.  The staff is pleasant and I haven't had a bad experience.  The price is a bit steep, but it's worth it for the occasional dinner splurge.
Taj serves up the best Indian dinner in all of Madison. I have been on several occasions and have always enjoyed all aspects of my night out. 

The restaurant itself is pretty small but very well lit and cheery. There have been several other groups dining during my visits, but I have never had to wait for a table. The staff is always attentive but never in the way. 

The complimentary poppadom with three chutneys is a great way to start the meal off. All three chutneys are very flavorful and completely different from one another. The chai is wonderful; I'm pretty sure it's made with cream. Great naan too. For the main course, my favorite is the vegetable korma. It's the perfect combination of creamy and spicy. I am a little skeptical that the vegetables were frozen minutes before the reached my plate, but who's to care if it still tastes like heaven on earth? The saag paneer was also very good. 

I have yet to try Taj's lunch buffet, but if the food is anything like it is for dinner, I'm pretty sure I won't be disappointed.
I'm reviewing this place since it's the best Indian restaurant in Madison, but my review applies to all the other ones in the city:

If you crave real Indian food, I would highly recommend you stay away from this place. The food in their buffet is very watered down to cater to American tastes since there's practically no spiciness or flavor to anything in their buffet. Heck, even the watered down Indian food places in San Francisco are more spicy (and better) than this place. 

However, like any other Indian restaurant in Madison, this place has cheap/reasonably priced buffet lunch specials which makes it worth a visit if you happen to be starving and in the area, but if you have any real expectations about Indian food in the region, you're better off trying your luck in Milwaukee or Chicago instead.
First to arrive for the lunch buffet, so the food din't sit for long. Literally had one of everything (I shouldn't be allowed at buffets), so I got a good sense of what they had to offer. 

the good
- pakora: the vegetable (cauliflower) was better than the fish or chicken, crispy & well-seasoned
- saag paneer: creamy, thick & rich, but not excessively so
- kofta: nice soft texture, good flavor, well sauced
- gulab jamun: not offensively sweet, good texture
- kheer: same as above

the just okay
- samosas, garlic naan, basmati rice were fine but unremarkable
- watery dishes: chicken curry, chicken tikka masala, dal, raita (would have been much better if the sauce had the consistency of the saag paneer)

the wtf?
- beef at an indian restaurant?! 
- no lamb
- no spice/heat
- bathrooms are kinda retro but not scary

I recently just got back from a trip to India (Jaipur, Rajasthan) and the dishes listed under 'good' above were comparable. At less than $10, it was a great deal and will be back.
Admittedly, I've never had the lunch buffet; as for the dinner menu, though? Delicious! The Boy and I eat there at least once a week, often twice. We go through withdrawals if we're away too long!

Since we're both veg*n, I can only attest to the Vegetarian offerings, but between the two of us, I think we've had everything in the Veg section, and we've never had a bad meal here. Every plate has the option of mild/medium/spicy, and extra rice is always available free (even when you take half of the food home, as I usually have to do). The portions are perfect in that, if you're like him, it's a perfect stomach-stuffer -  and if you're like me, I always have leftovers for the next day! 

Particularly good dishes are the Baingan Bhartha, Vegetable Mango, and Bhindi Masala (The cheese-eating Boy swears by the Saag Mushroom and Paneer Jalfrazie). The Samosas are wonderful, and the onion chutney is always amazing. Be sure to add a Taj Mahal beer for the perfect meal. :)

The prices are great (two meals, an appetizer, and a couple of drinks comes to less than $30 before tipping). The service is always prompt and friendly, and while the atmosphere is casual (we often venture in in hoodies and jeans), you could easily make it a nice date outing (the lighting is soft and the decor nice enough). Taj is an all-around great establishment with a great family-owned feel that's friendly without being overbearing.
We recieved superb service and memorable food here. Rice, papadum, and a chutney assortment were all included with our meal, which I don't recall always being the case at local Indian restaurants. We will certainly return.
The Lamb Vindaloo here is delicious! Nice interior and great service.
I want to give it five stars.  I went here easily 25+ times over the past three years.  I've been here for both the all you can eat lunch and dinner (dine in and dine out).  I really like the people who own and run the restaurant, and I would love to see them keep dishing out food for years to come. 

But despite my loyalty, I just can't go above three stars.  First of all, it is pretty pricey.  $11.95 and up for entrees, and an extra $2.50 for the almost obligatory naan ($1.95 for plain).  Granted, it's a lot of food- you get a big serving of rice along with a large, generous portion of meat and curry.  But it's madison....I can eat at some places very close for under $6.

Second, I know it's recycled lunch items on me for dinner take out.  It's not hard to tell.  Dried out, reheated naan just doesn't taste like it does when it's piping hot out of the tandoori oven.  I'm pretty sure i've had reheated lunch servings of curry as well.  It didn't happen every time, but it happened enough that I decreased my visits.

Lunch is probably better than dinner, with a big selection to choose from, and all of the food is good.  I'd definitely recommend it for lunch.

I feel like the chef needs to go on "kitchen nightmares."  The food is great, but It just seems like somewhere along the grind of maintaining a restaurant the owners/chefs lost their passion.  Gordon ramsey, make them whole again.  Then maybe I can come back and update my posts after I get some fresh cooked food at a reasonable price.
Yum!!!
I have never really had Indian food before and me and my man went for the lunch buffet.  It is an $8 buffet and while it is not huge, what it had was diverse (at least for me). 
I was up for trying anything, which I did and it was all good!  I loved the samosas and I dipped them in a yogurt sauce that they had available.  I tried vegetable korma which was tasty with just enough heat, and saag paneer, which was different but still good.  My favorite was probably the vegetable pakora... and of course, the naan!!!
 I also tried the desserts, which weren't my cup of tea but interesting.  They have a gelatinous dessert called gulab jamun and I found out that it is soft fried cheese balls!!! i didn't love them, but I did love this place!
Ah I miss this place! It was my favorite place to have Indian food in all of Wisconsin. Service was exceptional, and the food was beyond great. The price is reasonable and we went there a million times with no hiccups. The only weirdness is having to use the restroom, it's so far away, and that it is on the ever unpopular Park Street. Don't let that deter you, it is so worth it to dine here, a good place for date or family adventure. I am not a buffet person so I cannot tell you if that is good or not, but the meals are insanely delicious.
LOVE THIS PLACE!  I would give ten stars if I could and signed up for a yelp account just so I could share my awesome find with others.  Hands down some of the best Indian food I've ever had . . . and I lived in India.  Great, friendly and fast service in a cozy atmosphere.  I've been for dine in dinner and take out and have never been disappointed.  Their prices are incredibly reasonable - I highly recommend the combination dinners - they have a vegetarian or meat combo that includes three curry-type dishes, nan, rice, pakora appetizer and dessert for under $14!

The chicken tikka masala is incredible - like everything else.  They give you generous portions (enough for at least another whole meal at home, YUM).  The only draw back is that the are a little off the beaten path on S. Park but well worth the extra five or ten minutes out of your way.
Wow!  This place is a great pick for that night time date, family get together or just some place great last minute.  The buffet of course is the best but the evening menu is delicious.  I had a spicy lamb dish and my daughter had an amazing crab crepe!  Over the top good.  Lovely and elegant place but modestly priced.  No other place to go for lunch or dinner!  A Must!!!!!!!!
Great dinner. Good service.
I'm not sure what made me think of this place today, but I miss eating there. Good food and the folks who own it are a real pleasure. It's not that Indian food in Philly is terrible - but it ain't great neither. Glad to see Taj is still doing.
Ever since my husband took me to my first Indian buffet in town, I've been trying other places like it.  Today we went to the Taj, and I was pretty excited.  It was very cozy, and the staff was so friendly.  But as far as food selection and food quality, definitely not worth it.  The one fish dish they had was so dry, I could barely chew it (and this was only an hour after they'd opened today, so you'd think it would've been fresh!).  I would not recommend this Indian buffet, and would instead direct others to either A. Swagat on Old Sauk Rd or B. Maharini on West Washington Ave.  I don't think I'll be back to the Taj though.
Good buffet, good service, good prices, and the food is 4/5 stars. My favorite can't miss meal is the butter chicken and naan...5 stars!
Amazingness. 

I used to come here when I was at university and nothing has changed.

my friends and I ordered samosas, garlic naan, chicken vindaloo, chicken tikka
Masala, and Chana masala. No complaints. Very tasty. 

Now I noticed a few people complaining about the price. But to cook these sauces and samosas at home takes more money than you'd expect. Also it's a lot cheaper than other cities. 

Bonus: $8 lunch buffet

If you want some yummy Indian cuisine try Taj.
Love Taj!  Lunch buffet is a great value and the food is delicious.  Madison has some very good Indian food options, and this is one of the best.
I have eaten here about 10 times and gotten take-out maybe another 7-10.  GREAT Indian food, excellent service, and a nice setting.  You know those places that have stuff hanging off the ceiling but it is greasy and has cobwebs?  Well this isn't it...Taj os bright and cheerful and c-l-e-a-n.  The vegetarian and "meatatarian" specials are both good (ask to upgrade the basic naan for a small upcharge to garlic or ginger).  The Indian wine, which I had never had before going here, was impressive.  Lighter fruits and various floral flavors blend beautifully and pair nicely with the dishes, and the wine is very reasonably priced.  Oh, and the only tandoori I have ever had that is moist - too many are dired out.
Overall a wonderful value, and nice enough you could make it a special event dinner.
The place is quite nice in appearance and seemed very clean.  The food was hot and the buffet was kept stocked nicely.  The food wasn't bad but wasn't that good either.

When I think of Indian food, I want a depth of flavor, some intensity.  The food here was none of that.  It was even somewhat bland.  The chicken masala had nice chunks of white breast meat, but there was hardly any spice in it.  Seemed like Midwestern chicken gravy.  And the beef curry was just as flavorless.

The nana bread was good as was the rice Brian's.  but that was about it.
Ordered takeout from this restaurant. The food was great! Had the chef selection, which comes with three entree choices of the chef!
*Try the Peshwari naan.* The chopped raisins give the naan a unique, subtle sweetness that goes very well with curries. All the curries I have tried are incredibly flavorful and well balanced. Their lamb is so tender. Like almost all Indian restaurants they can't cook the meat directly in the sauce since there are so many different sauces, but this lamb is very delicious in its own right. Same goes for the fish and chicken. Favorite curries so far: Lamb Mughlai, Chicken Korma.
Really enjoyed the food and the experience.  Super nice staff, easy to get in and out of the parking lot.  Reasonable prices.  Super yum, yum, yummy!
I got Taj delivered to my apartment last night as I didn't feel like venturing out to a restaurant. It was super fast and arrived piping hot, I was very impressed!

I got the Matter Paneer and it was the best I have ever had. Super flavorful. The rice is also delicious as was the naan. I got an order of plain naan this time but would try a new flavor next time. 

One thing I would note for next time is that the dinner options come with a side of rice. I didn't realize this as most places I have been to everything comes a la carte. So I ordered an extra order of rice but like I said it is delicious so I'm not complaining!
What are people giving good ratings talking about?
For starters, the bathroom was disgusting: flies everywhere.  There are some in the main restaurant, too.
They left the tikka massala unfilled until several people finally asked for it.  The Naan was obviously just heated up in a microwave. It was also pretty cold.  Yuck!
I go here when I don't go to the Square for the other Indian places. Always my favorites are the chicken tikka masala and carrot halwa. The mango ice cream is always good. The chutneys are varied but mango chutney is extra. The naan could be better. The only other negative is the restroom. Its unpleasant.
Taj is consistently fabulous. We always get the Chicken Saag, Baingan Bharta, and lots of naan. The naan is flaky (not like a flat pancake as we've had at other Indian restaurants), there's plenty of chicken in the saag, and the Baingan Bharta is full of vegetables and flavor. Very good quality and nice portions (especially with take-out!). Even though it takes us 25 minutes to get to Taj, this is our new Indian restaurant of choice.
I ordered delivery when I was in town and got the vegetarian combo dinner. The delivery was fast and everything was delicious! I will definitely order from here again next time I'm in town.
Hands down my favorite Indian food in Madison. Can't go wrong with the naan or tikka masala. They offer delivery,  which comes with slightly larger portions than dine-in.
Very tasty and good prices on the buffet.  The only tiny drawback is the mazelike path to the restroom, but I didn't come for the potty, I came for the samosa!  Bring it on!
I am relatively inexperienced with Indian food, and as someone who is very picky with food I am unfamiliar with, my experience here was pleasant. Service was quick and we were seated promptly. My SO and I came on a quiet afternoon after he stated he was craving some Indian food. There were only about 3 other people in the restaurant so it was pretty quiet. I had no clue what the chutney was for, and I didn't like the aftertaste of papadum (just in general), so I just waited for my order for the tikka masala and mango lassi. The naan and my mango lassi came first, the latter being very delicious. I don't like the taste of naan, but their tikka masala and the rice were excellent. The chicken was tender and I couldn't get enough. So as far as service and the quality of the food I ordered, I was very satisfied!
I went to Taj on friday driving all the way from middleton to way with my friends who work at UW. When i stepped inside the restaurant I can barely see any customers, we went for the buffet and it was horrible. All the dishes seems to be horrible they didn't look fresh at all. Only thing I liked is samosa which seems to be freshly made. I went to Dhaba, Minerva and swagat on west side and Taj seems to the worst of all. I will never goto this place and wouldn't recommend to my friends.

Stay away from this restaurant.
Maharaja is my favorite place in Madison for Indian food.

OK, now I'll tell you why. Maharaja produces some of the highest quality and most consistently good food in Madison. The lunch buffet can be a bit spotty, but the last two times I've been there the selection was plentiful and tasty. Dining there or for take out, the food is the same. I've never been unpleasantly surprised by the quality of the food.

I have made it a point to try a new dish on a regular basis. I have yet to find a curry (with or without meat) that failed to please me. The aroma of the food is what draws me in. My most frequent comment about the food is that, "it's like eating flowers." You can smell as well as taste the various spices in the curries and other dishes at Maharaja.

The atmosphere of the restaurant is a bit odd. It looks like it used to be a 1970's or 80's supper club. Not exactly what you would expect for an Indian restaurant. The service is very good. The waiters are courteous and attentive. They don't hover yet I don't have to go looking for them when I need something.
The weekend lunch buffet is one of the best I've ever seen.  Huge selection of really tasty Indian food.  

The menu also delves into southern Indian cuisine which I've never seen elsewhere.  

The servers actually care whether you're happy and do a good job.

Like others have mentioned, the atmosphere is a little bizarre but the very diverse crowd usually dining there makes it feel like a 'big city' restaurant.  

One of my favorites in Madison.  Did I mention that its cheap?
We missed the lunch buffet that we had heard so much about and went right to dinner.  We ordered six dishes for three adults and one kid.  The food was fantastic and flavorful, though the kid who was with us was VERY unimpressed with the exception of the Mango Lassi.  The big surprise came at the end when we got the bill and it was over 75 dollars!  Yowzers!  While the food was good, there wasn't a whole lot of it, so the bill was a bit shocking.  But don't let the cost of dinner detour you if you are looking for excellent Indian food, this place has got it, so go early and hit the lunch buffet instead.
This place is unreal!  I had lunch there yesterday- on the recommendation of these reviews.  It was better than I'd hoped, all of the food on the buffet was fresh, hot and tasty.  Service was very good as well- we'll definitely be back again, and again...
I'm a huge fan of this place. This is serious tandoori goodness! Their Tikka Masala is amazing too!
You know, I am usually highly suspicious of buffets.  I took microbiology in college, and really, it was enough to scare me away from buffets forever.  I'd almost rather eat off a toilet seat than a buffet.

That being said, the buffet at Maharaja rules!  I really always thought I hated Indian food, because I don't like curry.  I usually stick to tandoori chicken and the bread.  Last time I went, I got "adventurous" and tried the tikka masala.  YUM!  I also love those little balls soaked in syrup.  So, I tried other things too, like little veggie fritters and palak paneer.  I am also now addicted to mango lassis.  

The staff is very friendly, and thankfully, keeps the buffet fresh.  This is one buffet I can't wait to come back to.
I moved into the Madison area just last week, and after hearing rumors about the spectacular lunch buffet at the Maharaja, I needed to try it for myself.  Suffice it to say that I was in no way disappointed.  

I showed up to the restaurant at 2:55 this afternoon, with an entire 5 minutes to spare before the buffet officially closed.  Even so, the hot food was still hot, the cold food cold, and absolutely everything was extraordinarily delicious (and I would know - of course I had to try a bit of it all).  The waiters themselves were very polite and attentive, which I generally do not expect at anything that even resembles a buffet - not to mention when someone shows up 5 minutes before the meal *should* be over.

All in all, this experience alone was enough to inspire delight in my new Wisconsin home.  I look forward to finding the many other edible treasures that Madison surely has to offer, but I will most certainly be passing up more than a few meal opportunities to come back to this wonderful downtown diner.

- The New Madisonian

P.S.  They've also got free wireless.  Oh yeah.
Maharaja's lunch buffet is very good - offering a lot of options at a great price. I have been a couple of times when the food was not as good as at other times, but all in all a good place to eat.

And you have to have their chai tea. I've never been to India or had chai tea other than at American places, but this tasted authentic and very yummy.
The buffet was very good and had a huge selection, even for a vegetarian.   There is an entire dessert table, with half a dozen to choose from.  I do however like Indian food to be a bit spicier.  The restaurant is huge and it is good for large groups.
The best Indian buffet out there.

Excellent value for your money.  

The service is outstanding as well..  Many of the employees recognize and remember regular customers.

An altogether memorable experience, every time!

Peter, who is Indian by ethnicity, and gets out there when homesick, or just sick of home food :-)
I stopped in for dinner while I was in Madison for training. Now I must say, I am a sucker for Indian buffets. I love them all, even if I don't know the name of any of the dishes. So it was a feat that on this night, it was the first time I was actually picking out individual entrees.

I read the takeout menu about 40 times until I saw a couple of things that looked familiar. I felt like a nervous little school boy taking my first test. Finally I just went up to the waiter at the desk and asked for his recommendations. A few minutes later, Chicken Tikka Masala, Nan and Samosas were ordered. Then the waiter gave me crayons and a coloring book and told me to go play. Just kidding.

The food turned out to be really good. Samosas were really flavorful and not too greasy. It went well with the sauces that were provided - green mint, sweet diced tomato and a plum? sauce. Nan was on par. With the high recommendation of the Chicken Tikka Masala, I expected to be knocked out. Instead I just got pimp slapped across the face. It was still good but not 5 star good.

Overall, this was a definite good find. I will surely update my review once I hit up the lunch buffet.
EXCELLENT weekend buffet-- best assortment of high quality food I have seen in an Indian buffet and very reasonable price. I highly recommend this to everyone!
I am a believer! I finally got to try the buffet. Let me tell you, if eating until it hurts is wrong, I don't want to be right! They had all the staples (Tandoori Chicken, Chicken Tikka Masala) as well as some new items I've never tasted. Chicken 65 was the most notable - kinda like crunchy bite size pieces of Tandoori Chicken, except spicier. Dessert didn't dissapoint either; there were at least 5 you could pick from. The most notable were the Mango ice cream and Carrot Halwa.

Note: Lack of Samosas and Palak (Spinach) Paneer didn't push my rating to a 5. There is hope, however! I did go on a Thursday for the lunch buffet; the weekend buffet is supposed to have more offerings.
Both dishes that I was able to try were pretty mediocre. I had a curry dish and the llamb was tender, but the sauce was really average.  My husband had lamb kebab and didn't even finish half of it. The best thing we had was the peshwari naan, but overall we wouldn't go again.
One of the best restaurants in Madison.  The buffet is amazing and the service is consistently top-notch.  

They have some standard dishes on the buffet but also rotate through specials (especially on weekends).  I've never had something bad.  It is refreshed often and, as someone else has already mentioned, hot food is always hot and cold food is always cold.  My favorite dishes:  aloo gobi, aloo chole, and mutter paneer.  I love that they have a full range of items from nice crispy appetizers through to a great dessert selection.   I think the gulab jamun is probably my favorite but the semolina cake is also fabulous.  And the mango ice cream.  ...  I highly recommend going for lunch and skipping breakfast and dinner :D

I'm afraid I've never ordered off the menu or been there for dinner so I can't comment on that.  The price of the buffet is fantastic, especially given that you get to try so many tasty dishes, so I've never been tempted to try the menu.
Easily my favorite restaurant in Madison. Very attentive waitstaff. I've never had a dish here that I didn't like.
I went here once, and I was very impressed.

I'm not the biggest fan of Indian food (prefer Thai), but they may be turning me. 

Too bad it's on the west side...
Known at best Indian in Madison. No much on atmosphere perhaps but crazy good food.
The service is great - very nice staff.  
The food is okay - probably some of the best in Madison, but not excellent.  We usually get the chicken makhani - which is the best dish we've found.  The tikka masala is alright - not great.  The naan and paratha are good.
I am a sucker for buffets... Indian buffets take it to a whole nother level.  I have been here before for a "work" trip.  Last visit, I was probably hungrier than this past one, but I digress!  

Maharaja had all the Indian bites that I crave - sag paneer, chicken masala, samosas mmmmmmm....  They also had some pieces I was not familiar with - chicken 65?  OK!  And since when is General Tsao's chicken considered Indian?  Whatever, I'll eat it =)  All dishes were pretty good, but since we were there towards the end of the buffet, the chicken dishes were a little on the dry side.

The desserts however, were enough to keep me coming back for more - literally.  Pistachio ice cream?  Mango ice cream?  Pudding-type thing?  Sweet donut hole? DONE! Definitely would want to go back here when in the area.
Muy rico!! Is good food, good flavor and different. The service is good and very politte. Very good desserts!!!
The restaurant was clean, the staff pleasant.  The food was a little bland for my taste.  Perhaps they were catering to a more mainstream crowd but I prefer my Indian dishes to have a little kick to them, especially the Saag Paneer :)  They didn't have as large a selection as I'm used to at the Indian restaurants in Los Angeles.  I won't totally discredit them, but couldn't offer up 5 stars either.  I'd say give them a try and see what you think.
About 15 years ago I tried an Indian buffet restaurant (in a different state and not related to this restaurant).  I disliked the food so much that it's taken me that long to even try Indian food again - and boy am I glad I was able to try again here at Maharaja's Restaurant!!!

We were looking for "something different" to eat on a late Sunday night - they are open daily until 10pm.  We were a party of four consisting of two middle aged adults with our "kids" age 27 and 18.  If you're in the mood for something quicker  - they also offer a lunch buffet daily.

The atmosphere was beautiful - chandeliers... white tableclothes... candles on the tabletops. Authentic yet subtle Indian music played softly in the background. The waiter put the napkins into our laps - very classy.

Before we went I had looked over the online menu (great descriptions and pictures) so I already had some idea of what I wanted - which made it easier than guessing in person.  Our waiter was very helpful in advising  my 18 year old daughter on what dish she might enjoy.

My son is a vegetarian and was impressed by the selection - the rest of us are not vegetarians and we were also impressed by the selection!

We would call this food "cruise quality" (back when that really meant something that is).  It was awesome and out of this world great.

We all took turns sampling each other's meals... which were served in individual serving bowls.  The dishes we ate were:

Beverages: Mango shakes (very unusual and refreshing - especially after a spicy bite of something) and Masala tea (sweet hot tea drink very similar to Chai).  Fresh glasses of ice water were automatically given and refreshed frequently.

Appetizers:
(complimentary) Daal Poori (fried lentil bread) - think of this kind of like tortilla chips in a Mexican restaurant - crispy but with a different (but very tasty) flavor.  This was served with three different types of dipping sauces.

Pickles - these are not any ordinary 'pickles.'  This was very salty and unusually flavored with spices like corriander and chili powder .  We were told some of the ingredients included vegetables... green mango chunks... and some type of Indian fruit.  The piece I ate reminded me somewhat of olives only saltier and stranger.  Unfortunately most of us did not appreciate this dish - but the good news is it only cost .95 to try it.  (very salty and somewhat spicy)

Cheese Pakora - flat cheese that has been breaded and fried - tasty though reminiscent of tofu and/or fried chicken.  (not spicy)

Samosas - spicy turnovers stuffed with potatoes and green peas - mixed reviews - the men in our party enjoyed them more than the women did. (yes they were a bit spicy)

Soups:

S.O. had the Mulligatawny soup - it's made with lentils and vegetables and has an unusual spicy flavor and topped with a bit of cilantro.  Very good with the lemon squeezed into it.  I felt it was somewhat reminiscent of a granular pea soup.  It had a little kick to it.  (somewhat spicy)

The three others of us had Coconut soup - sweet and creamy warm soup with shredded coconut and pistachios.  Daughter felt it "reminded her of Christmas."  I think perhaps it reminded her of eggnog in a way - similar comfort level but different taste. (sweet not spicy)

For breads we tried plain Paratha (similar to a thick wheat tortilla) and the garlic Nan - it was extra super garlicky and tasty.  (neither spicy)

Our meals were served with a large bowl of long grained rice for us all to share.  We were given a choice of spice levels from mild to hot.  1) Beef Jalfrazie (beef curry with various vegetables); 2) Chicken Tiki Madras (tomato/curry base with coconut - from Southern India)  (3) Vegetable curry (stir fried medley with curry sauce) and I indulged myself in a decadent special of the day 4) Tandoori Lobster (spiced lobster tail cooked in a high heat pressure type cooker called a Tandoor oven).  We all tried each other's dishes and each was enjoyed by all.  My (mostly) vegetarian son even snuck in a bite of lobster! :)  (none of the entrees seemed too spicy for us)

Even though we were stuffed and had leftovers - we knew we "had to" have desert.  Daughter opted for the Gulab Jamun (also called 'waffle balls') - sweet fried dough balls covered in a rosewater syrup.  Was reminiscent of perhaps pancakes with syup or cobbler - but of course with a different flavor.  We were very impressed with the kulfi - a sweet custard-like ice cream made with pistachios and almonds.

The staff was very friendly and kind - answered all of our questions with patience and care... helping us throughout the evening to get the best meal possible.

To top the evening off - the waiter brought us all hot damp washclothes for our hands.  What exemplary service and attention.  Dinner for the four of us came to a bit over $100 plus a tip - which seems very reasonable for the amount of food we ate - plus leftovers.   Fit for royalty!  I highly recommend Majaraja restaurant anytime. :)
I soooo didn't want to eat here but was kind of peer pressured into it. I was really afraid of what I would get at a Wisconsin Indian restaurant next to a hotel. I was happy to be proven wrong. This was one of the best Indian restaurants I have been to. There were awards all over the walls that showed just how awesome everyone else thinks Maharaja is as well. I split a samosa, the chicken 65, an order of keema nan and lamb moghlai with the BF. The appetizers were all good but not worth finishing. What was amazing was the keema nan and the lamb. I mean they were out of this world delicious. The lamb could have been a little spicier but that was our fault since we were being little chickens and didn't say to make it spicy. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone who finds themselves in Madison and searching for something exciting and delicious to eat.
Madison Wisconsin is not a place one would figure for great Indian food, but there are some serious gems here! I love this place, after a day of shopping or a cheap movie, we often found ourselves here for dinner. The service is great, they put our napkins on our laps and brought us the warm towel after dinner, our water was never left unfilled, and they even chased me down with my coat once. I love the food, its so good it's hard to stop eating it. My boyfriend loves meat and I am a vegetarian, we both were pleased here and that can be hard to accomplish. We were always welcomed and fed well at a reasonable price. if you are near Odana and hungry, try it out.
Fantastic food! Really excellent. My only suggestion for the restaurant: Please serve red wine in red wine glasses. Otherwise a 5-star.
Fantastic food! Really excellent. My only suggestion for the restaurant: please serve red wine in red wine glasses. Otherwise a 5-star.
im not indian... but i've tried really good indian food and this place is pretty good!

i always get the the two dishes that can never go wrong which is the chicken tikka masala and the tandoori chicken ( sorry if i spelled that incorrectly) anyways this place also has really good rice, its actually flavored

overall my favorite place to eat in madison so far
I love this place! Nice and very friendly staff. My sister is a regular (and I would be if I lived on the west side!).  If you're craving Indian and do not know what to order, the lunch buffet is where it's at!  I'm one of those picky types, where decisions are difficult for me, so a buffet is perfect.  Plus, if you're not familiar with Indian food, then it would no fun if you chose something from the menu and ended up not liking it!

And this place crushes all stereotypes of a buffet. It always is clean, the food is ALWAYS fresh (no crunchy rice), and they serve a wonderful variety of dishes. Chicken masala is my favorite with the vegetable fritters.   And they always bring the naan out right away, and it's so warm...mmm, just what you need on a cold day!

Cheap too, I always leave stuffed and ready for a nap!
LOVE the lunch buffet, I probably go once a week, but the dinners are great too, and you definitely get a lot of food with each order.

The restaurant is never very crowded, and once you get to know the waiters, they are EXTREMELY generous, and love to see familiar faces.
LOVE this place! great buffet for a very reasonable price. i wish i could go more often!
Don't let the empty parking lot and smallish looking restaurant fool you - this is some of the best Indian fare (and dining experience) you'll find in Madison.

I'll admit...seeing the place from the outside didn't have me convinced, but since when did I start going to restaurants for their outdoor decor?

The night 3 of us went for dinner, the place was empty, not another soul there.  The staff was very friendly and accommodating right off the bat, getting us situated with a table and bread before we had a chance to take our coats off. I love free stuff.

At one point during the evening, we had 3 separate folks waiting our table...talk about service. All very friendly, trying to be helpful and clear things quickly.

I didn't order a drink like my other two compadres, but the staff brought out chai for me, without asking, on the house.  It was phenomenal. And free. They had me at "on the house."

Down to the food - everything was incredibly flavorful.  Our table had 2 chicken dishes (1 curry), 1 veg dish, and 2 sides of nan.  The chicken was done perfectly and melted in your mouth.  Portions are plenty big. We ate more than we should. 

In short, these guys know what they're doing.  Go.
I wanna gonna give 4 stars because the food was excellent BUT the service was terrible, so minus one star for that. The place was crowded and they didn't have enough waiters. When I asked the waiter to take a photo of me with the food, he said ok and never came back. When I asked for the bill, the waiter forgot. I ordered wine and they never brought it, I had to remind them that I had ordered wine.
The food, however, was excellent. The daal was very tasty, and the chicken tikka makni was amazing. The mixed tandoori platter seemed really popular. I saw many people order plate after plate of meat on a sizzling hot plate, so I ordered it too and it was so tender (you get chicken, shrimp and beef).
Bottomline: come here when it is not crowded.
I love the Indian buffet!!only on weekends and it cost 10 bucks,so very reasonably priced.  Tandoori chicken and naan is very good.
I still love the food here, but frankly we most often eat at the East side location.  I recently had a http://restaurant.com certificate for this location, though, so we made the trek over.  I was not pleased with the way my certificate was handled- they shorted the credit by a few dollars, and when challenged, had some goofy excuse. Not sure how, but three reasonable adults still racked up a bill over $68 before tip and AFTER a $25 coupon.  I also didn't like that the gin and tonic I ordered was $7 each- for RAIL gin!
Wow this place is amazing! I seriously could not stop eating.
Buffet variety is excellent. Taste is average by Indian food stds.
Good, authentic Indian food. Thanks Yelp for helping us find it.
I've only had Indian food on a few occasions, and most of it was either homemade by friends or limited to appetizers.  I was excited to try Maharaja because I had heard good things and it would be a new experience.

They for sure do not disappoint.  We walked in to a quiet restaurant with only a few patrons for a late dinner, and were greeted by polite hosts, servers, etc.  Upon seating us, they pulled the chair out for my fiance and set her napkin which I thought was a nice touch.

We mentioned to the server that it was our first time there and asked for some recommendations and he was very responsive.  He suggested an appetizer, the samosa, which was absolutely delicious.  He also recommended that for our meals we try the Mixed Grill and the Tikki Masala Chicken with Garlic Nan bread.  And to throw a little sweet into the mix with a Mango Milkshake smoothy.

We did all of the above and it was fantastic.  Other waiters were prompt on getting us water, and there was only about 10 minutes between the appetizers and the meal which was a good amount of time to let things settle.  We also had some bread crisps with three different kinds of chutney to sample while we waited.  

Overall, one of the best experiences I've had in Madison at a restaurant, I highly recommend.  I'm going back soon to try their $9 lunch buffet as it looks like the same food albeit at a more affordable price (dinner entrees are normally in the $$ range)
We wanted to try a new Indian restaurant and found this place near West Towne Mall via Yelp :) Service was exceptional! I've been in the restaurant business for over 10 years and they went above and beyond what I expected for a small family owned business.  

We came in around 6pm on a Monday night and upon seating our party of 3, the server set our napkins for us and made us feel welcomed. (The restaurant wasn't too busy that evening so my rating may be skewed because of that)  I didn't give them a full 5 stars because they were ALWAYS there at the table or near by. I would suggest to them to be able to "read" the table better and adjust their services accordingly. But I definitely give them credit for being courteous and anticipating our needs, like asking if we'd like more rice. 

Food was delicious, spices were just right without being too spicy. The chutney's served in the beginning of our meal were tasty as well. We ordered the Lamb Rogan Josh, Lamb Masala, and Chicken Vindaloo. The meats were very tender and the curries were tasting light. We also ordered chapati and the plain naan which were amazing! This was the best naan I've ever had, texture was light and airy, so soft it melted in your mouth! We had Mango Lassi's to drink and complimented the spicy notes in our food. The Lassi was not too sweet and perfectly tangy. Pleasantly, at the end of our meal they brought out clean hot towels for us to refresh our hands with.

We had leftovers and to my surprise the next day, the server had put a scoop of rice in the container for us to enjoy with our leftover curry! 

We will definitely be back!
Thanks to yelp we found a great Indian restaurant just 5 minutes from our hotel. We were in town for the Great Taste of the Midwest and needed some food after several hours of beer drinking. This place filled the bill. We started with the best samosas I have had - large and crispy with a very flavorful filling. All 3 of us really enjoyed our main courses. I had a lamb dish with tomatoes and mushrooms, husband had chicken tikki masala and daughter had paneer. I liked that they cooked the food to your spice level. We also had excellent naan (garlic flavor was the best) and basamati rice. Service was excellent and very prompt. We enjoy several Indian places in the Chicago area, and this was as good if not better!
We have never had a bad meal here.   We recently ordered some carry out and it was superb.  We ordered two different chicken curry dishes.
The prices are a bit high but we are more than happy to spend more for good quality and Maharaja delivers.   The mango ice cream is delicious.
The service was quick and very friendly showing interest in what we were doing the day we stopped by.  The atmosphere is pleasant and the background music very nice.
All the previous reviews are spot on. We loved this restaurant, best Indian food we've had in years. We had cheese pakora, mulligatawny soup, chicken tikka masala, tandoori chicken and aloo gobi. It was all delicious, but the tandoori chicken was the best.   

And naan, can't forget that. Would definitely come here again. Friendly staff. We mentioned we were passing through and he said he knew we were newcomers, the others in the restaurant were regulars (some of whom were Indian,which is always a good sign)

Stop here for good food.
This place is great!  I was looking for a great place for dinner with the bf and found this place; we ended up going there for the lunch buffet.  

When you first walk in, the place looks a little on the fancier side and I had jeans and t-shirt on so I sort of felt a little under dressed.  After looking around though it was more that they just had nice decor because everyone else seemed really casual too.

Their lunch buffet is $8.95 and completly worth it.  everything that I had was so good and flavorful.  They also had so many different varieties!!  I had the mango drink which tasted like a fresh squeezed mango, fresh!  For dessert I went with mango again and had the mango ice cream, cold!  That was good too.  

All in all i highly recommend this place.  It was the only meal me and the man ate that day but it kept us full the entire day.  Ooooh and the naan is included in the buffet too!
Not only is the food great, but the staff always treats us like royalty.  I go in with my three young kids, by myself or to meet friends for lunch.  We are always greeted like old friends.  My kids love the chicken tiki masala, vegetable balls and mulligatawny soup--all mild.  I love the aloo gobhi and their lovely fried cauliflower in the sweet red sauce, among many other things.  Their chai is warming and good--just the right amount of sweetness and spice.
Very family friendly.  The lunch buffet has a great variety of food.
WOW! This place made me love Indian food.  I had three entrees with my husband and all were good.  I can't wait to go for the lunch buffet to try different things!  The staff was friendly and the place was clean and well pressed.
This is one of those mediocre Indian restaurants that reek of complacency in just about everything they serve.I feel sorry for residents of Madison because there isn't a single good Indian restaurant in this city so they obviously don't know what they are missing out on.Fortunately 3 hours away in the city of Chicago you have the best Indian restaurants in the country AND cheap too.Thank god for that.
The meat here isn't the best quality and definitely not fresh.Its frozen chicken.The biryani is a joke and more like a pulao.Service is slow but what will shock you the most are the prices.Wayyy overpriced for the mediocrity they dish out.Any Indian restaurant worth its salt that serves classic non-vegetarian food will NOT have south Indian cuisine on the same menu.That to me was a dead giveaway that food here was not going to be good and was I right.
After dinner they were thoughtful to serve hot towelettes to wipe our hands with but one whiff and you could literally smell the dirty water they were washed in.Absolutely terrible experience.Will not go here again.
they are so great! the staff is super friendly at BOTH the east and west side locations! the lunch buffet for $9.99 = amazing. the west side location is cuter, more niche, but i am a fan of both. the food is amazing, definitely get the bang for your buck. will definitely be back, time and time again!
Went here for the first time while visiting a friend, and I must say this place is pretty good. I'm a fan of indian food by far, and this place rocked. 

The only gripe I had was that they had a batch of Basmati rice on the buffet for a while and when I put it on the plate it was too crunchy. I told them about it, and thy immediately put out another pot of rice which was fresh.

The mango ice cream was out of this world.

I like this place, and would return
I absolutely love this place.  The staff is friendly and the food is DELICIOUS!!!  The buffets are great and so is any food you order off the menu.  I have never had a bad meal here before.  Every time we are in Madison, we stop by and have lunch or dinner or take an order out.  We are seriously going to miss Maharaja's now that we've moved to South Florida.  No Indian food lives up to this place.
I've had better Indian food once or twice but it has always been in bigger cities and has been much more expensive. The food is great and I highly recommend the buffet. I have never found an Indian place that match the quality at this value.
Fantastic!  You gotta go for the buffet so you can try a little bit of everything.  The paneer is the best!  The staff is super nice too.
My second Indian food experience, and it was not - Had the lunch buffet. Good food, good price.
You walk into the restaurant and the buffet looks really delicious with an overwhelming variety. The highlights were the mango ice cream, grilled fish, vegetable pakora and the homemade chutneys. The service was very friendly and attentive. The food is all way too mild. There should be, at least, one dish in an Indian restaurant that threatens to burn your face off. The dishes all look good but they left me very unsatisfied. In addition, all of the dishes seemed to be off temperature. It wasn't bad, but I am not ovewhelmed. The chicken tika masala was tough, the sauce was not thick enough and was, as I mentioned earlier, way too mild. I have a hunch, had I ordered off of the menu, the food would have been much better. The bread was more like pita and less like Naan and that's a shame because the bread is very important to me, for an Indian meal. There was a cabbage dish that verged on being fantastic. I probably will not have a Sunday afternoon craving for this place.  In the end, I found a few items that I liked, and I would probably give them another shot.
This is my first less-than-stellar review on Yelp, but the last time I went here, nobody was satisfied.  We have been before for the buffet (which if I remember well was pretty decent).  So we went for dinner when my parents and brother visited me in Madison.  I don't remember exactly what I got, but it was a vegan dish with peas as a star.  What I do remember is how very bland it tasted.  I'm no expert, but I'm also no stranger to Indian food.  The spicy tomato-y sauce that is a base/part of many dishes was water-y and lacked flavor.  I even ordered it "medium"!  My family all had similar complaints, though they all tasted mine and agreed that it was the worst of the four.  I t was very unfortunate because I LOVE Indian food.  And I love peas.  And I have generally liked the two in Madison, but this fell very short.
I have eaten in Indian places all over the country and this place ranks up there with one of the worst.  The wait staff is nice, the water stayed full, but the food is dead avg at best.  One of the reasons I love Indian food is the depth of flavor.  Last night I had to salt the lamb dish b/c it was so flat.  We have left overs which is usually a hot commodity for lunch the next day.  Neither one of us have touched them.  I've just moved to Madison and this is my first time here, but I don't envision returning anytime soon.
5 for Madison, 4 for Chicago.
So either way it's about as good as it gets for Indian food here.
We first went to the one in Milwaukee, then moved here, and found out the place in Milwaukee, which we thought was awesome, had 2 more here. YAY!
So we've eaten here a bunch of times, usually carry out, nice portions, the price isn't too bad for Indian, which from my experience tends to be high priced, low portions compared to other cuisine.
We love the Tandoori chicken, the curry sauce which comes with it, good basmati as well, hard to make that bad.
We love the veggie appetizer plate, which includes samosa which is very good, and others, we like all of them, probably the least favorite is the cheese thing.
Pakora is great.
We love the breads, we order on the side, stuffed naans, prathas, etc.
All in all great Indian food for anywhere, still could find better in a larger city like Chicago, NYC, or LA, but this is bumble-f___, WI. So be happy there is some decent Indian food.

P.S. Also ate the buffet lunch one time, and it was a very good value, plus you get to try a whole bunch of different things you might not normally get to have. I suggest going at some point.
I ordered through "Straight 2 Your Door" when staying at a hotel in Middleton, WI. I had the Chicken Biryani and it was delicious. More chicken than in any other biryani I have had, and I have eaten in many Indian restaurants across the country. I would definitely order from here again.
BEST GOAT I'VE EVER HAD!!!

...ok, yes this is the first time I've had goat, BUT I have had a lot of Indian food before and this was so good.

I absolutely had to order the cheese nan for an appetizer. It arrived in about 10 minutes after ordering, which was fine since I nommed on some of the crackers with cilantro mint relish while I waited.  The nan came with four pieces with a mild cheese on tip, which was absolutely scrumdilliumptious.  

For my entree I wanted to go a little crazy, so I ordered the goat malabar.  I was a little frightened, never eaten goat before...but I was super surprised and excited that it was tender, flavorful and totally awesome.  I ordered it mild and it packed quite a punch.  I love that you can order different spiciness levels.  Super plus!

They have a great selection of Indian beer too which was fun to try.  I ordered the flying horse, which was a light and refreshing ale that cut the heat of the spicy dishes.

The gentlemen working were very polite.  They pulled out my chair and placed a napkin in my lap.  I felt like an Indian princess!  The only con was that the decor was a bit dated, with a 1980's feel.  The carpet was old and dingy and they had fake flowers on the tables which were rapidly collecting dust, not romantic!  

However, the wait staff was always willing to come and fill up water and ask us how we were doing.  It felt nice to be taken care of.  I'll definitely come again and order something else adventurous.
Excellent chicken Vindaloo. Great tea! Nice service, beautiful presentation. Good place, very reasonable.
Best Indian in Madison. This is my happy place. The dining room is always filled with other happy Madisonians mowing on Indian. Maharaja - do it. And be sure to order the masala tea.
The lunch buffet is great for a group or just a couple.  The food is wonderful and consistent.  If you always wanted to try Indian food but are afraid you'll order something and not like it, fear no more!  The buffet is a wonderful way to try a myriad of representatives of this fine international cuisine.  This is a favorite of my family and my coworkers (and I work with a large number of Indian citizens!)
Best Indian in Madison.  I've been coming here for the past couple years - the food is superb and only surpassed by the service.  On just my second visit, the manager recognized me and took the effort to have a conversation, learn my name, etc.  He's friendly every time I come in, treats me like a regular even if I haven't been around in a couple months.  He truly makes sure we have a great dining experience - and it's not just me, all customers seem to get similar treatment.  The food itself, I could go on forever - just try it yourself.  My favorites are the lamb vindaloo, madras, goat malabar, chicken saag, you can't go wrong.  Oh and the weekend buffets are a great way to try a bunch of delicious things too.
Delicious. We ordered dinner take-out, the Tikka Masala and Aloo Ghobi, both of which were fantastic. Naan delicious as well. Priced the same as all the other Indian around. Will be going back.
Incredible. Seriously.
I live in an area with a large Indian population, and with really great places to eat. I went to this restaurant while in Madison on business. I was floored. Everything from the papadam and chutneys to the masala tea at the end was delicious. I had the lamb vindaloo, hot. The gravy was thick and spicy, and the lamb was tender. Naan was perfect. For desert masala tea and gulab jamun, both were outstanding. Service was attentive, friendly, and we were provided with scented hot cloths to clean after eating. My only wish was that they served their dishes thali, but I left so stuffed that I really didn't need it.
If you are in Madison and like Indian food you must give them your business. You will not be disappointed.
The beginning of 2013 brought many resolutions my way (all of which I have kept thus far, thank you very much). One of those said resolutions was to try Indian food.  Wow. Have I been missing out. I am a fan of heat and spice. I find myself trying to find the next hotter sauce/spice. While I am not sure what it was, I think I found it. I found my breaking point in hot sauces. That alone will bring me back somewhere.

Having gone on a Friday with a group of woman from work, I really had no idea what i was getting myself into for the lunch buffet. But I decided, heck, I'll try it. Worst case scenario I am out $10. Plus, I figured I had the chance to just try small bites of something I have never had before. 

Everything was warm/hot and nothing was sitting out for too long. I wish I could tell you everything I ate, but the two things that really stood out for me were the Tikka Masala and the sausage made with lamb (Which should really say a lot coming from someone who is a faux-vegetarian). 

The only thing that brings down my rating is the decor. I felt like I was walking into a 1980's banquet hall. Besides that, the staff was incredibly kind and helpful. Especially when I started to cry from whatever spoonful of hot sauce I foolishly poured down my throat. 

Will I be back? You betcha. Will I eat whatever magical sauce I ate that day? Darn right. Will I get the buffet? No. Because I like myself and like to be able to breathe after I am done eating.
Better than Swagat on Old Sauk for sure. And possibly better than Taste of India on Monroe!
We came here for a late lunch buffet on a Sunday, and we practically had the place to ourselves. There was a huge variety of foods on the buffet, with about a 50/50 split of meaty vs. vegetarian options. Most of the items weren't super spicy, which I'm sure they have to do on the buffet to meet most people's preferences. They bring naan to your table, and it is excellent! Tender yet chewy, and slightly buttery. YUM. Also, don't miss the mango ice cream, it is incredibly delicious and refreshing.
This is fabulous food! And the service is wonderful.
Woe is me, what took me so long to discover this place? And to think, all the times that I've craved Indian food, Maharaja was just a short drive away...

My friend and I ordered the chicken tikka masala (mild), the fish curry (medium), and the regular naan. Our entrees came with a side of rice and a complementary flatbread appetizer served with tamarind sauce and two types of chutney (onion and cilantro). While the portions are small, the food is very filling - probably on account of all the carbs! :P

As for our dishes, the chicken was a little tough, but otherwise well-seasoned. I really enjoyed the creamy tomato base, and I was glad that I ordered it mild instead of medium because the medium fish curry was REALLY spicy. I was a huge fan of the battered catfish cooked in a garlic/ginger sauce, but I could only take so much heat. :( 

Service was impeccable. Our water glasses were always filled quickly and plates were cleared off the table as soon as we were done with them. The staff continually circulated by to see how we were enjoying the meal and seemed genuinely interested in any feedback we had about our dining experience.

Just an FYI, the online menu is a little outdated. I wanted to order the chana masala but it wasn't an option on the restaurant menu. Fortunately, you really can't go wrong with any of the curries or masalas! Give 'em a try! :)
If the important things about buffets are the quality and variety of food stuffs, this place definitely has the latter. I couldn't help but try nearly everything; 3 plates and 2 dessert bowls later, I successfully gathered my parts together in time to write this review before falling into a very long nap. 

There was an appetizer table with fried goodies, chicken cooked at least 5 different ways, delicious veggie options, a soup bar, and a dessert table. Probably 6 different chutneys. I cried with delight when I spotted the idli and coconut chutney, and dosai with sambar. Seeing as those are some of my favorite Indian food items, it was hard to hold back. 

Late Sunday after noon, customers were still filing in on the regular. A wide range of people were dining here, from couples to families to large groups of students. It seems like they have plenty of regulars and a very diverse crowd at that. 

M- F $9.95 for the lunch buffet, and Sat /Sun will set you back ~$11.95.

LaterzZzzZZz.
I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone for one reason. "PATHETIC CUSTOMER SERVICE". They really don't care about their customers as they know they are one of the very few Indian restaurants in Madison.  Food is very ordinary and they cheat on their timings. They mention they are open till 10, but stop taking people and orders by 9:30. Let them rather put they are open only until 9:30. They need to learn proper business etiquette. People come for food and they just turn them down without any kind of considerations. I hope we get better restaurant in Madison and we avoid going there.
The best goat curry and Kulfi!
yum yum yum
I was in town for business and I used yelp to find a good Indian restuarant.  I enjoyed this place and if I find myself in Madison again, I would definitely go back.

The atmosphere:  Sort of dark in the restaurant but it was well maintained and had a typical "Indian Restaurant" type decor.  There was Indian music playing but it was not too loud.  

The service:  The service was very attentive.  My water glass did not go empty.  My food arrived very quickly (almost too quickly as I had just been served the crackers with sauces/chutneys).  Several different waiters were working together to ensure that everything a diner could want was there.  

The Food:  Very good.  I ordered the lamb vindaloo and asked for it "hot."  Often when I go to Indian restaurants and say "hot" they actually serve it sort of medium.  This was pretty hot and my nose was running a bit and I drank a lot of ice water as well.  I also ordered a naan (with pistachios and raisins) and a mango lassi to drink.  I thought it was all quite good.  The only thing wrong was that some of the rice was a bit tough and hard.  I'm sure they would have brought me more rice but i just picked around it.  The amount of food was plentiful and I could only eat about half. 

When I was finished with my meal the water brought me a small dish of mango ice cream.  It was a little icy but I thought it was a nice end to the meal.
I think you would be hard pressed to find a better Indian restaurant in Madison. In fact some of the best Indian food I have ever had! The service was great and the atmosphere was a bit dark but cozy.
Maharaja is a great Indian buffet restaurant. You can try anything or everything, quality is good, no waiting. The atmosphere is very utilitarian but friendly. A great place to take hungry college students who want some authentic ethnic food!
The best Indian food and wait service I've ever had, from the complimentary papadums to the after dinner hot towel. Classy and very reasonably priced. Two nan orders, two entrees, for less than $40. Delicious!!!!!
Ok Indian buffet. You are brought fresh naan. Ask for more fresh. Don't bother with the soggy naan at the buffet. Potatoes were hard. But lots of chutneys and chicken dishes. The carrot halwa was not so good, its better elsewhere.
My husband & I used to love this place until we had takeout one night & found a dead roach @ the bottom of his briyani - can't eat there again!
One of the worse Indian food I have ever tried. I ordered Lamb Josh and the lamb was not well cooked and lamb biryani was also a big failure. Who the hell puts water chestnut in lamb biryani. The taste was also terrible. Will never go back :(
Was here twice in the last couple months. Once for a lunchtime buffet, which was spectacular, and most recently for a quiet dinner for two.

I would give this place five stars if it weren't for the quirky service. As is the case with most establishments in Madison I've noticed lately, the service is often mediocre, inconsistent, or just downright bad. Unfortunately, in this instance, Maharaja was no exception.

My dining partner and I were promptly greeted by a waiter at our table. Being that the menu is quite extensive and wanting plenty of time to pour over it, I indicated my indecision and told our server that we weren't in any rush. He must've taken that to mean to disappear for the next 30 minutes. During that time, my companion and I decided on an appetizer and I had some questions. Feeling like we were stranded on an island, I closed my menu a couple times as a lifeline signal. That didn't work. Frustrated, we finally flagged someone over. I was irritated that I could've spent all those wasted minutes noshing while pondering my meal selection.

After a bit of a communication issue over the menu, we each put in our individual dinner orders. My companion relayed the drink choice: chardonnay, plus a Coke for him. Seeming confused, the waiter attempted to clarify. I interjected with a chuckle, "well, not in the same glass of course," referring to the soda and wine. Moments later, the waiter returned with a wine for me and what appeared to be a watery-Coke for him. It was obvious after the first sip: the chardonnay and Coke were indeed combined. Ummmm, did this just happen??!! Again our server remained MIA. Finally he returned with my companion's entree. But not mine. About a third of the way into HIS meal, my dinner finally arrived. Sorry, but that is just not acceptable. There was no apology and no indication of the extended wait time. 

Our service throughout the meal was spotty, with intervals of more frequent attention and drink refills. It is important to note that we showed up just as they opened at 5pm so the restaurant was not busy at all until a bit later into our meal. The food was very good, and mine was nice and spicy as I had requested. Perhaps this was just a fluke, but hopefully next time the quality of food will match the level of service.
So I want to like Maharaja but I have a hard time doing it. I live very close to the restaurant and it always smells delicious from the outside. Plus, how can you beat a well priced lunch buffet?! However, I LOVE indian food and have had some terrific foods in other states and this just doesn't stack up. Their naan isn't quite fluffy enough (not sure they cook it in a tandoori) and their food is a little too one note and a bit on the heavy side.
I went to this restaurant on a friends recommendation. Woo hoo I was pretty surprised with the experience. I'm from bay area and have been to many indian restaurants. On my recent visit to Madison, WI I've been to Maharaja restaurant. 

I ordered for Malai Kofta and aloo parathas that also came with a bowl of rice and a free desert(carrot halwa). I ordered it over the phone and went to pick up the food after an hour. 

The staff were really friendly and have to mention the potions were more than usually I get for one order in bay area. Malai kofta was spicy and well made to my taste and I liked the rest of the food ordered that day. 

Over all its a very good eating joint, good service, nice food and it was worth for what I paid for. 
I will recommend this place to my friends :)
I had Punjabi Saag and Shahi Paneer and both were delicious. I've eaten at Indian restaurants around the world and this is up there with the best that I've experienced. Staff very friendly and attentive. Right next door to an Indian grocery so I expected something really tasty and that's what we got.
I'll keep it simple. You are missing out if you don't try this place. It has the best Indian food with amazing service. 

All I can say is the next time you want to grab food, come here and you will leave happy and stuffed.

We cannot wait to go back!
Overall a good place; a lot of selections and even had ice cream and a good amount of dessert. curry was a bit watered down, but still edible. Had the lunch buffet, was probably the most worth it.
Good service. Tandoori chicken was delicious with a little bit of kick. The sauce that came with it wasn't impressive but not bad. The lamb biryani was very tasty--moist and flavorful.
Do not hesitate, this is where you want to eat lunch. Just go there. Trust me. I am an Indian food fanatic, and this place is one of my favorite restaurants of all time! We were just visiting Madison for the weekend, but Maharaja lunch buffet is one of the many reasons I will be returning to this great city! At first I was disappointed that the buffet did not feature saag paneer (my favorite) but let me tell you, everything was amazing. I am kind of glad there was no saag paneer because I ended up trying a lot of dishes I had not tried before. There was not one single thing that was not delicious. Everything was spiced perfectly, just the right amount of kick. There was a desert soup - coconut pistachio - that was amazing. As a vegetarian, and a lover of scrumptious foods, this place was a delight. It is about 10-15 minutes from downtown if I remember correctly.
Nice restaurant, with very attentive staff.  Service was prompt and courteous. Rather large menu, with something for everyone. 

I has the Paneer Masala Dosa, which came with there sauces; coconut, a cold tomato based one and a spicy bean.  The portion was huge and delicious. 

I will definitely be back.
Great food and great place. We had the calamari as appetizer and the non veggie combination for two people. That's a lot of food, I think that was enough for three people :). Service was fantastic.
Maharaja was one of the first restaurants I came to when I first moved to Madison from Long Beach/Artesia CA (where some of the best indian restaurants in the country are) and maharaja shot up to the top of my list. Wonderful buffet, predictably good, wonderful wait staff. I highly recommend Maharaja!
Absolutely delicious!!! Great service.
There just aren't words in our vocabulary to describe how stellar the service is as well as the quality of the food. If you go in for the lunch buffet you get the best value for your money. We find that dinner tends to get on the pricey side, but the service makes you feel like a king and/or queen. The servers stay on top of your drink situation and do everything they can to make you comfortable. If you catch them at a slower time of the day, they will actually bring you a hot towel after your meal. We love this place and recommend it to all of our friends!
Yum yum yum! Great lunch buffet with many choices and flavors. Great for larger groups with ample space. Service very friendly.
Ordered Kadhai Paneer & Naan. The Paneer was extremely hard & did not taste authentic. Have had beter!
Best service I have had in 20 years.  Incredibly attentive (but not too much so), friendly, warm and helpful.  For those of you who are interested in help navigating a new menu, I observed the owner (?) providing really nice assistance to the adventurous and/or timid afraid of what to order.   I learned a few things, and I've been eating Indian for decades.

I would suggest ordering a bit more spicy/hot than you typically go, as the food was a bit on the mild side--something I have noticed more in Madison.  Food was delicious.  Particularly the shahi paneer.

Staff could not have been more than welcoming and patient with my young daughter.  While she is very laid back and good when dining out, we are often met with initial curtness.  Not this time.

I cannot over-stress the extraordinary service enough.  While I do not expect staff to fawn over me, the attentiveness greatly enhanced the experience and made me feel like the occasion (and I!) was something extra special.
I often bring my wife and daughter here for the lunch Buffet. The reason I only come to the buffet is that my daughter and I can experiment with mixing the different sauces and trying new things since we're not very well versed in Indian cuisine. I don't know  nor care whether they are authentic because everything they have is pleasing to my palate. Wife really loves the saag. Service is always prompt.
Cave Creek is such a cute little town and everytime I go to AZ I stop by the town it is so old west!!! We were wandering through and were hungry and saw a sign for Indian Fry Bread!! YUMMY!! So basically you go in through the souvenier shop and walk through a little alley/kitchen and there is a small dining room 5 tables or so nothing fancy.. I was very much like Mexican food with the beans ect, the bread was really good and the owner was so so friendly love it!!!!!
I love this place, it's inside an american indian souvenier shop.  just go to the back place your order and sit in their little eating area.  Everyone their is friendly and the Navajo Frybread is absolutely delicious.  It's huge and hard to finish.  Prices are very reasonable.
Really fresh mexican food.....good prices and owner is very friendly. He'll-fire burrito is great.
I'm from Chicago but I have traveled to Arizona many many times. I discovered this place on my first trip and now every time I vacation to Arizona I make sure I go to Indian Village MULTIPLE times. I love their tacos and the crunchy shell is amazing and they taste so fresh. I also like their enchiladas. The place is a dive but I often find those are the best places. The service is friendly, Bart, the owner, is wacky but he keeps you entertained while you wait for your food.  I usually browse in the shop attached to the restaurant. I can't wait for my next Arizona vacation so I can go to Indian Village again!!!
My friend and I were swayed by other reviews to try this restaurant, expecting a gem in the rough - a treasure - an amazing find!!!!  We didn't find it here.  In clarification:  it didn't taste BAD.  It was just nothing special.  I've made better at home just by trying.  The most flavorful part of the meal was the hot sauce on the table...essential!  and not just because I like a little spice (and I do mean a little) but because I prefer flavor to my food - especially when I have a choice.  The reason I didn't give just one star is because it seemed clean and had a cool "hole in the wall"/mom&pop feel.  There was no "service" to speak of - it's a "we'll cook it and you pick it up at the window" environment.  Totally fine (if the food is good).  The people were very nice, but there are just so many other places to try that unless the experience is craving-worthy, I'm moving along, no harm no foul, just no looking back.
If you don't try the Navajo Taco you'll never know what you missed!  I'm not a lover of Mexican food, but I've never had a lunch I didn't like at Indian Village. When volunteering for the local chamber of commerce, I always recommended this place and several folks came back to thank me for a memorable meal at a very inexpensive price.  Don't let the lack of ambiance fool you, the food is the reason this place is great.
This is a great mom and pop shop with great food.  I read some of the other reviews and the ones that gave it low stars are ridiculous.  They were expecting something that is clearly not how this shop operates.  Also, I think someone reviewed their ribs, which they do not have there and clearly mistook the Indian Village for The Horny Toad which is next door.  But, if you want good tacos, good people and a good environment, check this place out.  The owner is particularly hysterical.
I love this place, who eats a hot dog in fry bread.   You will if you go to Indian Village.   Great tacos, fry bread and burritos.   Stop at the Circle K next door and get a sixy of your favorites to enjoy with the best mexican food in Cave Creek.
It's cool because it's a big time dive. The food is ok. The shells are deep fried, but the guts are very boring. Overall it's ok and the prices are ok. It's worth going once...twice max.
Hoping for a unique Arizona experience, we stopped in to Indian Village, Carefree for lunch. At $26 for tacos for three people, it wasn't at all the "little local joint" atmosphere we were expecting. Staff was straight faced, minus any warm and fuzzy. Food, albeit just standard fare, came out quickly. Seven tables inside the dining area needed attention and there was no temperature control. It was freezing cold inside. There was an outdoor patio with additional tables but we probably won't go back to see if it was any cleaner.
such a good place. my parents know the owner bart personally and he is always really friendly talkative and always has a smile on his face. kind of hidden from more of the desert ridge area and kierland but it definitely is worth the drive if you live far! fry bread, tacos, and burritos are definitely the best here. super cheap which is better. employees are always working hard and smiling so thats a plus. food comes out very fast and theres seating out and inside. there is a bathroom which doesnt look like there is one but there is and thats a good thing for a carefree restaurant!
Meh... Chimichanga seemed like it was a pre-made, kinda boring. I had something a bit more authentic.. Decent, bit nothing special. The chips are just like Mission out of a bag from Costco..  Like another reviewer mentioned. There are way too many other places in Cave Creek to try.
You can grab some of this awesome Mexican food and walk across the parking lot and have a beer at the Hideaway bar   Everyone is cool.  You will be put off by the look of the Indian Village but it is great.  If you go to the Hideaway they have menus and will be happy to call your order.  It's a win win.  Give it a try!
We were wanting a small dive with authentic, good Mexican food...and that's exactly what we got. Food tasted great, chicken tacos were good and my husband loved the tamales. The fry bread with honey and sugar was so yummy. If you're wanting a small mom and pop joint, this is your place.
I thought by going to the Indian village I would get some great food. I have gotten their fry bread before and it was pretty tasty so I thought I would try something else. I went there with my friend. I got 2 chicken tacos and frybread with powdered sugar and honey and he got a vegetable,egg and cheese breakfast burrito. When we got the food it looked really appetizing. When we started to eat it was a different story...

The food was very bland...VERY BLAND. The chicken tacos had no seasoning or anything. The plate came with a side of salsa so I tried to use that to kick off the flavor. Didn't work. With no Tabasco or any other hot sauce I decided to just tough it out and finish my plate. My friends breakfast burrito was not impressive either. He had the same complaint of blandness. The fry bread was the only thing that was good. It was very inexpensive so I'm not too upset (both of our meals plus fry bread and drinks were 20$) but as a college student I would have liked to save the money or cooked something at home. 

I told my parents about the experience and they said it was hit or miss. So if you feel like taking a food gamble go to the Indian village. 


Also the service was at par. Nothing great but nothing awful.
Spinach enchilada was outstanding. Tacos crisp, perfect. Quesadilla with shredded chicken, cheese vanished from our plates.   Rice and beans perfect sides.We thought we ordered to much. Nothing was left. This was authentic and well prepared. Five thumbs up.
This place is worth 3 stars at most , bland no flavor fry bread tacos... The fry bread was too doughy and soft and thick for me , I like my fry bread more airy and a little more crispy. The beans were dry and the cheese wasn't even melted. The staff was very nice , the  atmosphere is very cool , bikers everywhere :) it's next door to a biker bar. I love that it's a hole in the wall kind of place which usually has the best food ... 
I'd probably try it again after a few drinks next door .. Food always taste better then ! Maybe that's why all the high reviews !?
Every year we visit PHX and head up to Cave Creek to visit Bart and eat some fry bread. Always delicious, always character, always an experience. Love this little place.
The food here is simply amazing. When I walked in, i did not know what to expect. But, my friend assured me that this place was the real deal. I had the spinach enchiladas and they were made with perfection. This place is exactly how I like my Mexican food. We sat outside on some benches which had a real cool southwestern feel. (which was wonderful since I am not from the area) Can't wait to try this place again!!
Vegas is the land of the strip mall.  Seriously, outside of downtown, they're everywhere, and wedged in between all the nail salons and paycheck-advance stores, you can find some pretty good restaurants, if you don't mind the less-than-breathtaking surroundings.

Gandhi is a solid, reliable Indian restaurant that we've been going to for years.  The building is mysteriously huge, with super-high ceilings and a dining area that goes on for miles, but it does fill up at peak times on the weekends.  The decor is nothing fancy - bare white walls livened up with some wall hangings or framed pictures - but you're not there for the ambience, you're there for tons of spicy food.

When you sit down, they'll plop some pappadom down in front of you (those crunchy cracker-like flatbreads), plus a mint-cilantro sauce and a sweet-and-sour sauce.  I love this stuff, but be judicious in your use of the spicy sauce, because water service can be a bit slow here.

Everything here is good, especially the garlic naan.  The tandoori chicken is yummy, as is the rogan josh, palak paneer, and tikka masala.  Entrees range from $10--12, although they also have special tasting menus (including salad, rice, and dessert) that range from $15--22.  They have a lunch buffet on weekdays that's also an excellent value.  And there's a pretty good selection of beer and wine, including a few Indian beers, to go with your meal.

Nothing fancy decor- or ambience-wise, Gandhi nevertheless delivers good and reasonably priced Indian food in a quiet and pleasant setting.  If Vegas isn't already hot enough for you, spice it up with a trip to Gandhi.  And get the garlic naan!
Desperate for some Indian food, we were referred to Gandhi's India's Cuisine.  We arrived at 3:30 pm, only to discover they don't open for dinner on a Saturday until 5 pm.  As we debated whether it was worth waiting for, a couple of guys pulled up next to us and RAVED about place...saying "It's REALLY good...It's HELLA good..."  So, hearing this, we had to come back at 5 pm and so we did...what a mistake!

As we piled in at 5:30 pm, we looked around at the customers already seated. Lots of Indians were already dining and we took this as a good sign...and then we saw the buffet table set up.  Hmmm...we were hoping for an a la carte menu.  Unfortunately, they only had the buffet option available and so we were stuck with that.  

We ordered Mango Lassi to drink and that was a highlight.  Then we all loaded up for the buffet line.  Gandhi's offers a mix of North and South Indian cuisines and I was disappointed with pretty much everything available.  I usually want Indian food when I desire lots of rich spices and tastes going on, and all th dishes simmering away lacked any full or individual flavors.  There was no spice, no heat, nothing that stood out! Blah!  

They offered mint-cilantro sauce, but no pappadoms!  Argh.  I love pappadoms and they didn't have any!  I was already disappointed!  I love naan bread in general, but usually try the garlic or onion kinds, or whatever else is offered.  Not at this place, they just had plain naan bread that lacked any real flavor.  Everything had potatoes in it, too much potatoes if any.

One of my dining companions felt that she didn't eat her money's worth and went back for dessert - the mango/condensed milk dessert with fruit cocktail.  We all agreed that was the only thing worth eating there.  How sad is that?!

Sure...I ate...I was hungry.  It wasn't particularly good Indian food.  It was just that...food, and nothing else.

This restaurant was noted as award winning and "Best Ethnic Restaurant in Las Vegas" at one point.  I would assume they were a pretty decent Indian restaurant some time ago, but no longer.  I guess it's a sign when an Indian restaurant starts out with an a la carte menu, then ditches it completely to go for the buffet thing, it means hard times.  They are strapped and desperate for business.  Too bad I won't be that desperate enough to come here again unless I'm dragged.  Yeah, for the price of less than $17/pp, you get more bang for your buck this way, but that's not why I came to Gandhi's to eat.
i can't believe this place had a banner outside calling it the "best ethnic restaurant of las vegas."  i don't remember what year or what company judged this place, obviously the judges might have ate at this establishment years ago, or the judges had been starving...for days, so that anything tastes delicious.  prior to eating here, my party was suggested by other frequent patrons that this place was "hella good!"
i was very disappointed because as i walked in I noticed the buffet line.  we were told that a la carte items were not offered, so that means the buffet food has been sitting out or possibly left overs from yesterday!  the tandoori chicken was so dry and unflavorful.  the lamb was full of flavor from all the spices but was just too tough.  a lot of the vegatable dishes had more cauliflower than expected (filler???)....so a lot of farting.  ooh, and that shredded carrot dessert...yech.  the only yummy thing was the tangy mango lassi.  im not sure if one of the dishes i had was palak paneer.  if it was, it didnt taste like what ive had before.   
the decor of this place was so dated.  it was white walled with a high ceiling with a huge rug above you.  it was also very chilly inside.  the buffet line took away the appeal and decor of the place.  im assuming they went buffet style b/c of the lack of business.  it is a hard find with morton's and buca di beppo right smack in front of you.   i really do love indian food can somebody please help out here...is there a fantastic indian restaurant in las vegas?
Hmmm... I can't believe that other yelpers didn't like Gandhi, as I have had only excellent dining experiences there.  I've never tried the buffet, and have been wanting to... but maybe I won't now after what you guys said about it.  I'm also vegetarian, so if their meat is horrible, I have no idea about that.  

I have had the Narvatan Korma twice (excellent) and the Aloo Palak (yum!  You can tell it's full of butter...but who cares it's so good).  The first 2 times I was there they brought pappadoms as an appetizer; I was a little disappointed when they didn't on my last visit.  Not usually crowded unless you're there at peak dinner time on weekends.  The room is kind of cavernous, I wouldn't want to sit right in the middle surrounded by tables of people.  Try to get one of the super comfy booths around the outside.   

Waiters are nice and super cute!
Kinda marginal Indian food - why go here when you go down Paradise to Origin India which is GREAT. I went here a bunch of times before I found out about Origin for the lunch buffet and once for dinner. It's just basically a standard Indian place, but certainly nothing to write home about. Not bad, just not good. I'd keep looking.
I wasn't looking for Indian food, I was looking for CVS, so I could get some Excedrin for my headache.  But I turned into the wrong stripmall, and passed Gandhi.  No, not that Gandhi, he's dead.  Gandhi the restaurant.

What caught my attention were the people.  Dozens of Indian people headed into the restaurant.  Hmm.  "Best of Las Vegas" proclaimed the banner.  In this place?  What the heck, my last Vegas review was Fatburger, let's diversify a bit.

The restaurant itself is well appointed, clean, comfy.  Check.
Lots of people on the buffet line.  Is there a buffet tonight?  No, they said, that's just for the private party.  Which turned out to be a BUSLOAD of Indian people.  

No matter.  I looked at the menu, and ordered one of their combo dishes, along with a large Flying Horse.

Within minutes, complimentary papadum arrived, along with a tamarind sauce and a cilantro sauce.  To my surprise, the papadum were awesome.  Hot, crisp, tasty.  The sauces were excellent as well.

The combo arrived and the food continued to impress.  I haven't had Indian food this tasty and authentic since I was back in NY.  One thing I disliked was the dish - a metal plate with compartments which reminded me of a TV dinner.  I would have preferred to see several small plates, but I guess that would be more work.

The combo included a choice of dessert, and I passed up my usual kheer in favor of a pistachio kulfi ice cream recommended by my server.  It was AMAZING, except for the spoon (see below).

Reading the other reviews, either they have improved dramatically, or perhaps I was the beneficiary of stumbling on this place on a night where they knew they had to have their A game on (or risk upsetting said busload of people).

I would award 4 stars, except that my napkin was slightly dirty, and the spoon accompanying my dessert was clearly dirty as well (as in the dishwasher didn't do a good job).

I left stuffed and content, aka, feeling very un-Gandhi-like.
This place isn't as good as Orgin India (just down the street) or  India Palace (also just down the street), but you can do a lot worse.

We have dined here a few times (with our 1-year-old), and we had a great time.

The food is good--not stellar--but good.  It has what I consider to be a run-of-the-mill Americanized Northern Indian menu.  Typical selection of Indian beers.  Staff was very friendly.  Food was great quality.  Everything we have ordered has been good.
The buffet is ok here.  I actually enjoyed dinner much more.  I got one of the tandoori sets which was pretty good.  I'd rather go to other places for an Indian lunch buffet.  But the atmosphere is kinda "eh" here compared to some of the other places around which is why this wouldn't be my first choice.
Average food. Good, traditional and ethnic atmosphere. Buffet items are often cold and limited. Service is rude, unless you are an ethnic Indian. They often take your food away while you are still eating and do not like to answer questions. I prefer Tamba restaurant myself, which I hear is managed by same individuals. However, they just started managing this place, so maybe there are good things to come...we shall see.
I've never had such a bad experience with Indian food.  The food was serve on a metal tray like the one in prisons, its terrible and it is rediculousy expensive for the qaulity and portion.  Unbelievable!!!  Spend your money elsewhere.
Again, uninspired Indian in Vegas.  The service was poor during the Sunday dinner rush, and the naan I ordered was burnt to the point that it was almost inedible.  The greasy pakora and dry curry were not helped by my continuously empty water glass.  Pass.
Everything about this place was just so-so including the service.   Nothing was really bad but nothing stands out.  Had decent lamb vindaloo (asked for extra spicy but not so spicy), chickent tikka masala, malai kofta and a couple different naans- which weren't that great.  

Still looking for a good cheap-eats Indian in Vegas.  This place is a little pricey though not as ridiculously overpriced as Gaylords.

If your craving decent Indian food and not afraid to spend a couple bucks then this place should fit the bill.
I ate here a long time ago when it was just a vegetarian place, but now I think they got new management, new interior design, and most importantly NEW CHEFS.

I went for lunch buffet and dinner. The buffet was excellent, well flavored. The only flaw is you have to go up to the buffet to get naan.. so everyone was just waiting until they make some, then everyone rushes to it.

Really good food, reasonably priced. But it's not as good as it gets. =) 4 stars.
I went here with a friend from Vegas on his reccomendation and at first was a little put off by the outside of the place as it didn't look so nice, but looks can be deceiving! The inside of Ghandi's is very nice, their service was prompt and their food was pretty good. Not the best indian I have ever had but definitely solid food. Next time I'm back in Vegas I would try soemthing different but I would not be afraid to return here.
Located in a weird angled funky strip I came here to satisfy my Indian Food binge.  This restaurant is large and looks as if it hosts banquets and members of the community.  

I have only had Indian at one other restaurant. Gandhi  does offer a wide variety of dishes. There are over 10 vegetarian entrees.  There are some nans and  baked breads I have never seen before and I love the breads. 
My friend had Tandoori prawns which even in San Francisco I don't see at all.  

There are a few dishes I will order next time just for the sheer fact I can't find these dishes at home.
Whoever gave this place more then one star has never eaten Indian food before! The food was very bland, and expensive, $30 for 2, including 2 soft drinks for a lunch buffet. Besides being very bland there was a serious issue of meat!!! There was almost none, just a little bit of chicken in their dishes, and the tandoori chicken left a lot to be disired. Thats it, no beef somosas or lamb or goat!  This was my second time here, the first was 10yrs ago, sadly the place hasn't improved...
Food: 3 
Service: 3 
Had the Gandhi Thali -- a sampler of vegetarian items. The malai kofta was tasty, but the mattar Paneer was blah and had only one small chunk of cheese. The samosa had a tender crust. For dinner, it would be better to go with a group so you can choose the things to share. 

Service was OK but unexceptional. I'd like to go back for lunch to try their buffet.
Having just got off the plane from LA and having not eaten for several hours, I was on the verge of passing out.  (Not really, but I was feeling pretty peckish.)

Jeff and I were driving towards the hotel, when I spotted Gandhi out of the corner of my eye.  Knowing that he likes India, having lived there for over a year, I thought he might like to try.  I am always willing to try a new Indian place.  

I got a combination plate that had chicken tikka, some marinated chicken, kafta chopped up and a grilled shrimp.  The plate also came with some lentils, rice, raita, lettuce,paneer in a curry sauce and a curry with shrimp in it.  

Jeff got a vegetarian plate that had the same rice, raita and lentils, but he also got a cauliflower dish (I don't remember the name) and some other curried vegetable.  He ate it all, so I know he liked it, but I don't think he loved it.  

I loved pretty much everything I got, except the lentils. They needed something.  Salt?  The paneer was delicious.  It reminded me of the fresh cheese my grandmother used to make.  The shrimp curry was delicious, just the right amount of heat to it.  The raita was tasty.  The rice was nothing special.

I liked the naan.  I ate several pieces and I don't normally do that.  

Jeff ordered a mango lassi.  He asked that they make it special with no milk, just yogurt.  They did that and he loved it.  He might have ordered another, if he weren't so full.  

The service started off really well, but then it went downhill from there.  We got the food and then we never saw the waiters again. They were busy serving others.  So, we waited forever for the bill and a box to take home the leftovers.  

The decor was kinda nice, kinda funky, kinda dark and kinda fashionable.  I liked certain parts of the restaurant, like the giant wooden Ganesh near the entrance.  The red on the walls was nice.  The paintings weren't anything special.  They turned up the lights for us, so we could read the menu. There were some special rooms that could be shut off with curtains.  I liked that touch. 

I would definitely go back.  I wonder what the buffet would have been like, since we were there for dinner.
The food was superb. The service? Well, it was clear our party was a burden to the server. We weren't told that we'd be charged extra for things like rice and bread, even though the server kept bringing us more. I'm not sure how much each side of rice was, but it was really expensive and they didn't bring us a complimentary portion for our entrees. The portions were tiny. Think Happy Meal tiny. This wouldn't be a problem if the prices weren't so high. All in all, I won't be back, but I'll be looking for another restaurant that has good food, good portions, good prices, and good service. 2 stars just for the food.
I've been a fan of this place for several years.  My trips to Las Vegas are not complete until I've visited the buffet.  The quality has been the same all the time, the taste has always been great, and the people there are very friendly.  I don't frequent an indian restaurant in Los Angeles as much as I have in Las Vegas.  Looking forward to more food next time I go.
Alright, this is another place that you have to know how to do right.  I have been here for lunch and dinner, and lunch is totally the way to go.  They have a really tasty Indian buffet with lots of options.  I am not sure which ones are gluten-free, so the next time I go back to Vegas, I'll have more to report.

The service is alright.  I usually go thirsty for water.  Remember, your lassi is not included in the buffet price.  They do have large bus tours of people who come here en masse, so rub your rabbit's foot to make sure you don't show up at the same time.  Dinner is table service, which isn't the most awesome, and provides less value than the buffet.

Great vegetarian selections.  (Again, will update this again with GF facts.)  The best value for Indian food in Vegas.
Gandhi features a very solid Indian lunch buffet that can sometimes miss the mark slightly depending on the particular variety they put out for the day and how well it matches your personal preferences.

The location isn't the greatest, inside a rather nasty East Flamingo strip mall next to a cigar shop, but they do a good job of making you forget this once you enter the establishment.
A hole-in-the-wall place.  Indian owned.  I like how when you walk in you feel like you are in a real indian restaurant, complete with a Hindu Elephant God statue there.  There were lots of indian customers eating there.  

Food is ok, ~$12 bucks lunch buffet.  Def get the 15% off coupon from hotel magazines.  I don't really know my indian food, so hard to judge it's authenticity.  Not the best I've had, but def edible.  Naan bread, salad, tandori chicken, & sauces were good.  Skip on the curry.
Lunch Buffet was very crowded on the weekend--long line, but water/drink service was still good.  A wide variety of food--nan was actually out in the buffet line which was nice to see done.  Only thing was the plastic utensils bothered me.  I could live with the plastic water cups but plastic forks and spoons seem like picnic items and eating tandori chicken with them proves difficult.  I was glad to see a well stocked buffet even with such a crowd!  Good food- but not the best to bring me back often-mango lassi was okay too.
After a week of all you can eat in Vegas, what do you do next? Have AYCE Indian food of course. Back in college, my buddies and I would always swing by Gandhi India Cuisine at the end of each visit to Vegas. Nothing cures a hang over like nice buttery, saucy, and oiling Indian food :). It really isn't that disgusting when eating it. 

Brian from Family Guy describes Indian food as...(Brian is so hungry he eats Stewie's diaper.) "Hey, at least its better than Indian food." That's exactly how I feel. Indian food quality is always hit or miss. If you cannot stomach "ethnic" foods, I don't recommend trying Indian food, but if you have a taste for adventure and have a strong stomach then try it. I love garlic Naan and curry chicken. There are a lot of other items and sauces that I'm not sure what they are, but they taste delicious. Be warned you will have a food coma after your Gandhi experience. 

The restaurant is family owned and servers make you feel at home. I went a few times with Indian friends to help explain what everything is to me. This place is hard to find. It is near Terrible casino and behind a Morton's Steakhouse restaurant I think...near a massage parlor just off the strip. I think the way I first discovered this place was through a coupon in a Las Vegas magazine. My friends were semi-serious about going. It was a very hot day and our car broke down right in the same plaza. Call it fate or luck. I don't believe in luck. In Vegas, its ALL SKILL.
I've been told this is some of the best Indian food in town.  Oh boy am I in trouble.  I miss good Indian food.
My trip to Vegas is not complete without the fountains at the Bellagio, the lions at MGM and a few other places that I can't mention here. :-)
But last but not the least is Gandhi India Cuisine's exquisite lunch buffet. I've been to Vegas (for various reasons :-)) 5-6 times and had lunch at this restaurant. Don't get me wrong, I am sure there are people who prefer the wide spread buffets at the casinos, but this one is no less. 

The food is well cooked and the arrangement is nice. The price is, if I still remember, $10...all you can eat. Isn't that sweet? Its about a mile or so from the strip in a strip mall. 

Enjoy!!!
There is a lot of Indian Cuisine competition but this place does have great service and great comfort food at a good price. I really enjoy the neighborhood competition, Mint Indian Bistro and Origin of India more though, but there is something about this place that continues to keep itself standing, despite this. I would definitely go here if I had more friends who like Indian food or ate out as much as I used to. This place is a lot older. But I live right up the street from this place and if I got tired of frequenting Mint Indian Bistro on Flamingo, I would go here to get a change of setting. I think it is a little more authentic than the Mint, but I am not a fan of authentic, I like a little bit of flare to my food that is catered to Americans. My friend likes this place more than Mint, so maybe they have some special dishes that stand out for vegetarians...

Again, because it sits in a terrible neighborhood, the fact that it still survived the many years of recession probably says a lot about the authenticity of their dishes. I don't know a lot about their off the buffet menu entrees but I hear they are pretty good.

The decor has antique wood and has a fine dining appeal with the table cloth and nice water glass. But, this seems to be  a common theme for all of the Indian Restaurants, they are very properly set.

The Indian food buffet is a good deal, but if I had patience I would order off the menu because they will cook it to order and the food will taste fresh and more flavorful.
The restaurant is very simple and plain on the outside.  Once you enter, the decor is simple, yet nice.  The atmosphere and music is upbeat.  Service was good and the food here is good, but nothing compared to Baluchi's in New York.  I was there with a group and we ordered mango lassi, a variety of naan, chicken vindaloo, chicken tikka masala, chicken biryani, and more...  

The place is worth a try if you are out in Vegas and are willing to explore outside of the strip.
Good atmosphere, once you get inside. Knowledgeable/helpful staff. Lamb was tough, but vegetarian picks were good.
Solid value in the all you can eat lunch buffet. Carb overload usually sets in 30 minutes later but worth it. The service is okay the decor works. They could turn down the music a little. It felt a little cluby during the day. They have a chutney with olives that I put on most everything. It's spicy and bitter at the same time but I like it. All of the dishes are prepared with quality in mind. This Yelper likes the $11 lunch!!
I am Indian so not to mention I know how to make Indian food. During recent trip to Vegas, I had Lunch Buffet for $11.99 at this restaurant. Food was so terrible in terms of spices that it broke all the records of high spices I had ever tasted in my life. If this is the quality of food served at Gandhi restaurant and people are revisiting this place that means either they have no clue of Indian recipe OR they really love very high spices.
I went to Gandhi's  while in Vegas with a friend of mine from high school back in July. If you don't know where this place is, chances are you probably won't find it as it is hidden within a strip mall and you would think it was closed down if you didn't know any better.

We were seated immediately as it appeared that my friend knew everyone in the place. Everyone made sure to come over and say hello and to constantly check on us all evening. I actually felt like a celebrity with all the attention we were getting. Anyway enough about that, onto the food.

We ordered the Paneer Pakora which was homemade deep fried cottage cheese, Gosht Vindaloo, and the Chicken Makhanwala along with tons of Nan. I was in Indian food heaven. The lamb was cooked to perfection and the Chicken had a nice blend of spices and the sauce was divine! I am sitting here licking my lips still remembering just how good it was. 

This place is a nice little hidden gem that you should really try if you are ever in Vegas. You do realize that it means you will have to explore outside of the strip so venture if you dare :)
Amazing food and beautiful decor. Really enjoyed my visit and will definitely go again!
This review is for the lunch buffet only.  

I've never been dissappointed.  Well, that's not true.  I'm on the verge of tears when they run out of naan, which is a frequent occurrence for the lunch buffet.  But, it's one of my favored lunchtime stops.  Plenty of vegeterian options, and they have enough variety that it's rarely same combination of dishes.  They really won me over with their okra dish... Magnificient!  Muah!  That's what sticks out in my head the most, so I guess the rest is good but not necessarily spectactular.  It is in a somewhat seedy strip mall, but heck, some of Vegas' greats share that characteristic, Lotus of Siam anyone?  Interior decor I find quite pleasing.  The lunch buffet will run you around $12.50, so middle of the road pricewise, too.  I think this belong on your list if you're racking up your checklist of Vegas' Indian buffets.
I want to give minimum possible star! Horrible food, worst customer service. While eating the dinner buffet, I have been asked twice. I mean guy couldn't see me eating the food. Tiniest Bowl I have ever seen at this place. You can't even take out the curry with a spoon out of that bowls. Please  don't waste your money at this place.
Avg and expensive food . We went for dinner.. Aloo tiki was pieces of fried dough , green chutney felt like spolied cilantro smoothie, dal makhani  there was nothing makhani about it just dome boiled lentils , the nan with nuts was so sweet and had only coconut and no nuts

If u tell them what the problem in food they just completely ignore u rather than fix it. So don't go by menu descriptions they just do whatever is convenient to them and use left overs

A big AVOID
Guys please AVOID this place at least for Buffet..!!!! I'm not allowed to give No rating else would have done that..

we just came back from Vegas & I couldn't stop myself from writing review for this place. Being an Indian knows how Indian food taste, smell,looks like. Believe me it was nothing like that. The menu was OK nothing fancy for the price you pay. Here is list of items in Vegetarian sect:
Yellow daal 
Rajma (any damn indian can make that better than what they had)
Shahi Panner (tasted just like Heinz ketchup)
Aloo Baigan (Big chunk of uncook potatoes)
Naan (It took forever to get them, we told them 5 times that there is no naan & how are we supposed to eat all above items)
Rice (we didnt cared about that as we left within 10 mins of our so called lunch Bufftet)
Onion Pakora (Cold Pakora, have you ever ate one)
Idli - (Hard as stone,  they made it 2 days ago to serve it. )
Sambhar (Sambhar was way tooo spicy & trust me when an Indian says too spicy it is...:)

The service is really really really bad. They dont care that you want something or not. They were behaving as if they are doing big favor on us by attending us. ohhh guys cmon .!!!
Its one of the Buffet you never want to waste your money. Believe me.!!
The scenery is pretty nice here. From the outside, you can't see much and the place looks secluded, but once you're inside, the place is actually pretty nicely decorated inside. Food here was decent. I still feel like India Palace had better food just because the food was hotter. Then again, that might just depends on when they run out of food and have to put new ones in. I would say Ghandhi has more selection on food. It was just a little disappointing since they didn't have that popular chicken dish I like. Service was fine.
Ohhh myyy agahhh. 

Ghandi has this lunch buffet that you cannot beat. Sometimes I daydream about the food the next day (that's not normal for me). Sometimes I will think about who would be willing to go with me for Sunday lunch. I can assure you that EVERY single person I have ever introduced to Indian food by taking them here has begged me to go back immediately. If you've never had indian food, its the perfect place to start because you can pick and choose. It's addicting and you can't really beat the price for a buffet of about $12 per person. The food is so flavorfuls and there is always a ton of variety to choose from. 

The outside is nothing to write home about, located in a sketchy parking lot area but inside its like a beautiful indian palace of deliciousness. The service is nice. Like the cashier makes jokes sometimes that I don't immediately understand, but then eventually I do.
My boss wanted to go here... so we had to...

The decor is a bit dark but nice and clean.  I thought it was a bit pricey for the limited selection.  Food is flavorful though.  Already been back a few times.
wow. such an upgrade since i used to spend countless lunch buffets with coworkers, back in the day when i used to work in the howard hughs pkway offices... i took my wife there for lunch just last week.

the GRUB:
- chutneys and sauces galore
- plenty of your veggie favorites: stewed chick peas, saag paneer (spinach with cheese), curry potatoes and peas, fried onion dumplings, and other dishes - all delicious
- meat too - tandori grilled chicken, chicken tikka, butter chicken, etc.
- got bread and carbs? basatmi rice, naan, rice cakes, spicy noodle dish, samosas... all good.
- dessert: mango custard with fruit, fried brown sugar pastries in a sugary syrup sauce, and fresh fruit - yummy.
- hot tea, coffee, mango lassi, sodas and juices available.

the JOINT:
- such a turn around from when i used to frequent years back... the white table clothes have been replaced by all wood tables covered by fancy black linens... the open balcony now houses private dining areas perfect for parties that want an intimate booth... even the buffet section is granite counter tops with built in buffets - fancy. much fancier than the old tables with the buffet heat trays...
- indian decor - many intricate paintings and woodwork abound, including a huge wooden hand carved goddess at the entry... floor to ceiling curtains and fabrics of india surround you. very nice.
- plenty of seating
- clean and upscale (especially for a buffet)

the SQUEEZE:
- friendly and attentive service as always.
- about $25 per person for lunch - a little pricey.
- cash and card accepted

the FINAL SAY:
my wife and i enjoyed our lunch buffet, and it kept us full for most of the day... and for me, it was such a pleasant surprise to see that the owner has done so much to upgrade on such a great indain buffet restaurant.
I go for the buffet. I have no idea what I'm eating but it tastes great.

The service is excellent!
yummy!!! we had dinner here and it was the best indian food i have ever had. can't to try their lunch buffet the next time we are in vegas!!

everything is ala carte so it can get pricey but well worth it!!
Great food , avg. price. Spicy enough to stimulate your taste buds. Good service. Great  tomato soup , bhindi masala, chana masala , naan, jeera  rice , dal. Great interior. Location and view  from outside dose not reflect that this is located in Las Vegas.  Dull and dark from outside. 
Definitely will go again.
Woman cannot live from liquor alone so at some point I had to eat.  Being a pissed off hungry vegetarian in a city catered to meat eaters, I began to feel aggressive.  Then I drove down Paradise Road and saw a sign that read Gandhi.   I remembered the concept of ahimsa all of a sudden, took a deep breath, and figured that the food gods were on my side.

I walked inside and saw meat on the plates of other patrons.  I was mildly annoyed since Gandhi was a vegetarian and I normally would have been a pain in the ass about it, but I was so desperate for food that I was willing to sacrifice my principles for the good of my stomach.

I asked the server if there were a few vegetarian dishes present at the buffet, and he smiled and proceeded to show me the goods.  After correctly guessing that I am from California (a vegetarian twenty-something with a serious sense of entitlement, where else could I be from?) I proceeded to eat this excellent, varied, and overpriced lunch, surrounded by friendly staff who were attentive but not overbearing.  I had such a great meal that I made my friends go there with me again the next day.

I highly recommend this place to vegetarian tourists.
Don't be deceived by the outside.  This restaurant is located at the end of a strip mall.  There's a simple neon sign outside and when you walk in it's a bit frightening for a moment.  Then you turn the corner and see a beautiful restaurant-- not what you'd expect.  The ceilings are high, the tables have high backs so you have a little more privacy, there are rooms that have curtains that can be drawn, and it's dimly lit.  The food is very good and the prices are reasonable and can't compare to anything on the strip.
This is based on my recent visit (end of Sept. 2011), food there was delicious. Specially Butter Chicken and Paneer Masala.... yum! Me and my wife were amazed on how good tasting both entrees were... for a buffet!
Great food and great service! I have only eaten the lunch buffet which is good. I really enjoy the variety of food and the must have Mango Lassi drinks... Yummy!
My wife and I have been coming to this restaraunt since 2009 for one very important reason.. they treat us like family.  We've experienced other Indian venues, but according to my taste buds, nothing compares.  The food is great if you are into strong herbs and spices.  I dont know what is in most dishes, but thats not important if the grub is smack good!  ...I know one of my faves is Chicken Masala. They have a selective buffet from 12pm - 2pm for $11.95 which is a great option for those who want to dib and dab here and there to see if this kind of cuisine is your thing.  The interior is exotic and the music is indian pop which all adds to the dining experience.  When you come in, ask for a server named  Megiddo, i swear he is Ghandi reincarnated!
My wife and I have tried only the lunch buffet, since they do not serve from the menu during lunch.

Maybe I have been spoiled by the excellent Indian food in and around San Francisco, i.e. Pakwan, Shalimar, and others. At any rate the food at Ghandi is mediocre and overpriced: $11.99 for the lunch buffet, loaded with bland vegetarian dishes and a few chicken-scrap entrees.

Oh, well, I may try another Indian restaurant in Las Vegas, though I may just wait until the next time I'm in San Francisco.
Despite being located in a seedy strip mall, a friend and I had previously tried this place for dinner, and it was decent, 3-star territory. However a recent visit to try their lunch buffet was a different story. The first thing that stuck out was the cheap plastic plates, disposable plastic eating utensils, and styrofoam/plastic cups for water and soups/sauces. I have been to many Indian lunch buffets, but this was the first time I've seen such cheap dining ware being used. While they had several vegetarian offerings, they only had a couple of mediocre meat dishes: chicken tikka masala and tandoori chicken. There was a huge tray of naan which looked overly doughy and dried out so I didn't even bother trying it. The subpar mango pudding was too watery and contained cheap canned fruit. The halwa dessert was extremely dry and just gross. My friend and I commented that the only thing at the buffet that they seemed to do pretty well was the basmati rice.

When the bill came, I was in for another shock. $12.95 for an Indian lunch buffet?!? That has got to make this the priciest one in town since most are in the range of $9.99 to $10.99. Now if this buffet was one of the best, I probably wouldn't mind paying a premium price. Come to think of it, if they lowered the price to $8.95, it still wouldn't be worth it. There are just too many better places in town, i.e. Taj Palace or Mt Everest., to waste your appetite on this one.
Came across this place when I visited Las Vegas just before Christmas and wanted to find a place to have Indian food. Ordered a Chicken Biryani carryout order since dinner buffet was almost on the verge of completion.
Let me explain here - I am a food lover and can instantly say by the look of Indian restaurants on what kind of food to expect. There are different versions of "authentic" indian cuisines floating around and I must say this is not one of them.
Biryani was sweet (authentic biryani is NEVER sweet) with cashew and raisins.

Good luck with this place.
From a shady looking, wrecked place from outside to a exquisite Ethnic Indian Loungish looking interiors this restaurant really did surprise me. We infact planned to turn around go elsewhere looking at it from outside, and we are glad not to have done that. The restaurant has a lotta potential to be turned into an Indian Nightclub/Lounge at night, thanks to their multiple rooms, multiple floors, Red interior decor and tall ceilings. We took the Lunch Buffet which I felt was kinda OK. The best part of all was the Tandoori Chicken. Delishhh...one of the best I've tried. The rest were passable. Their Mango Lassi was pretty good however. Overall I felt $12 aint a bad deal for a quick Indian Lunch quite close to the strip in a grand setting.
The food was TERRIFIC! Soooooo, good, I could eat their Nan for the rest of my life. I will definitely go back!

The parking however, is sketchy and I  was quite concerned leaving my car outside.
The service was probably the worst I have ever had. My server never said a single word to my table the entire time we were there. We were never asked if we wanted anything to drink or anything, very very strange.

I do not think the parking is sketchy, it is Vegas folks, it is a city, get over it. 

Decor/music was rather odd...I liked it personally, but was far from what I would consider "Indian."

Buffet food was ok, but rather bland. All of the dishes tasted as if they had used the exact same recipe. The spice level was non-existent which is a deal breaker for me and Indian food.
Although the outside is not spectacular, I was impressed with their set up and buffet service. I was feeling the mood, the music, the food aroma, the curtains, etc. It was a nice place and our waiter was very attentive and funny. The food was delicious and I thoroughly enjoyed every dish. Mango Lassi was to die for. Overall, lunch buffet price is within inexpensive-affordable. I will be sure to make a trip here whenever I go to Vegas!!
Went for buffet lunch. The food is ok and reasonable. The variety is good (maybe a dish or two more for the vegetarians needed). Decor is ok. Adult price is 11.95 and Kids is 8.95. Great for out-of-towners who crave Indian food.
This was the best indian restaurant my parents liked. They r vegeterrian and were happy to see lot of veggi options ... Their food is like home and desserts (sevayian kheer) was awesome. I absolutely recommend brunch buffet. Good north-indian lunch and south indian breakfast. Overall a good place to have a brunch. +1 for Gandhi
I had to make myself stop eating because I was so full, but it was sooooo good.

In Las Vegas for business, four of us went here for dinner after a long day.  I really wasn't in the mood for Indian food, but I was too tired to try to talk the other into going somewhere else.  I'm so glad I didn't protest.

The restaurant looks like a nothing hole-in-the-wall in a strip center, but it's very nicely decorated on the inside.  A young-ish Sihk guy, who may have been an owner or manager (just got that impression), greeted us and took our orders.  He has super nice, and I got a kick out of how, when my boss was being a heinous jerk for no reason per usual, the guy would just look at me and laugh.  Awesome. :-)

The buffet looked amazing so I opted for that.  I was planning on waiting until everyone else got their food to dig into the buffet, but as everyone else was ordering, our server tapped me on the shoulder and whispered, "Go get your food now.  Trust me, just go."  I was totally confused, but he seemed very polite and earnest about it, so I did.  Not two minutes later, an entire busload of Indians on a site-seeing tour came pouring in and lined up at the buffet.  So glad he told me to go!

Almost the entire buffet was vegetarian (score!) and it was all good.  The mattar paneer was amazing.  I could have sat there and eaten that all night until I exploded.  I've never had Indian food that good before.

I will be back next time I'm in Vegas!  If I have to leave my curry-fury boyfriend at the hotel and eat that mattar paneer by myself, I will have it again.  Thanks for the great, friendly service and the beyond delicious food!
Best food I've had in Vegas so far. My boyfriend and I loved everything we had. I'm a vegetarian he's not. Our service was a bit spotty; we had to wait a good 15 minutes for our bill, and I never got the dessert that came with my meal after ordering it. I would rate this 5/5 if our service had been better. We beat the dinner rush thankfully. When we walked in there were only ten other customers; when we walked out, that number had at least tripled. The ambiance was intimate and the restroom was one of the cleanest I've seen in this city.
My family went there and had a great time. The decor is very good looking. The service was slow they listen to everything you say. The best thing is that the waiters are very friendly and are very conversational. The food was OK the lamb vindulu is delicious and the Ice coffee was awesome. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone.
Not a good service experience after the third time. They give preference to people who arrive after you and i would not reccomend going there. Terrible experience from the OWNER.
I have to take back my four stars review about this fine Indian cuisine, that make me every time happier. we recently went to the buffet on the labor day weekend and, it was amazing experience. The food selection was excellent and we had few items out of the regular menu. still love the service, also the place.
I like Gandhis, always have. Sure, the parking is sketchy, and I wouldn't live in the adjoining neighborhood if they paid me, and there's at least 1 guy that lives (or @ least weekends) by the dumpsters, but this restaurant is very very good with an awesome buffet, beautiful decor and quality service... and that's all I can ask of them to be.
Looking for good Indian restaurant in Las Vegas for years, we finally found "THE ONE". 
Everything about "Gandhi" is good (maybe location is a little farther than I would like).. 
Decor: rich dark colors, very spacious rooms.
Food: EXCELLENT!
Papadom (compliments of the chef). Light crispy, not overly spicy.
For starters we ordered Paneer Pakora. Very good seasoned excellent appetizer.
Mulligantawny soup. Be prepared to unusual preparation, not what  you would expect, but very good.

Entries:
Chicken Tikka Masala OMG!! Best Tikka Masala I ever had
Fish Korma. This dish is not on a menu, but I asked if it would be possible to prepare it for us.
That's another big STAR to Gandhi restaurant. Every our request was  accommodated. They try to make your dinner a real "experience". Which gives a great feeling of being taken care of.
  
Back to entries Eggplant Bharta. We asked to make it mild. Well.. you can not really make this dish mild it is meant to be spicy..But hey managed. Funny.. mild on a beginning it gives you a "kick"  a couple of sends later. We actually asked to make another one like it, so we can take it home!
Naan. Excellent. Another item we ordered more for take out, we enjoyed later.

Prices:
Surprisingly inexpensive. The portions are quite big. We ordered Mango Lassie, which was twice the size of any lassie we had before, price however was $3.50? 
I almost was ready to say to our waiter that this is to cheap, and they should raise the price (but, of course I  did not say anything)

Overall great restaurant. If you get a chance stop here and you won't regret it.
My fiance and I were on a mini-vaca for the weekend. We had just gotten out of a UNLV game and had no idea where to eat. We didn't want to go back on the busy strip and came across Gandhi. I love Indian food and haven't seemed to find any I like since leaving Sacramento for Arizona. 
     We were there for holiday and so the restaurant was strictly buffet, which the owner said is not usually the case. The assortment of foods was the best I've seen on any buffet. Plenty of options for meat eaters and vegetarians alike. Everyone was friendly, in fact in some cases they were a little too on top of their game. Perhaps checking in on us a little too much. 
     We knew from the moment we walked in a saw the place packed that we were at the right spot. I will be back there and only wished I lived closer.
Lunch buffet is perfect! 

I am all about Indian Buffets. The price here is good too. 

Went here for lunch with co-workers and had a great time. Plenty to choose from. The potatoes that have spinach in it is amazing. The naan is nothing to write home about, and some other just okay dishes . For sure try the butter chicken. 

Best of all it's not too heavy!
I was on a vacation with my girl friend was craving for Indian food. Finally on the busy strip,I found Gandhi. Though I'm an Indian, its been long I had Indian food.
   We were there for the buffet.The place was packed. There were lots variety of foods and  is one of the best buffets.Plenty of options for non-vegetarians and even for vegetarians like me.Navratna korma was awesome.  Crew was friendly and were prompt in serving.They made us feel like at home which justifies the crowd inside.It is definitely a good Indian restaurant.
This place has thali's with different names like Bengali Thali, South Indian Thali etc... thali with names from every part of India.. But each thali has more or less the same food Punjabi food. like chicken tikka nan and Dal. I had ordered south Indian thali and thought he had got the wrong order, when I told him about it, he told me I should have read the menu more carefully. He told me no matter what the name, it only has Punjabi food.. I felt cheated by them and left. they did charge me about $25 for that fake thali..
[Review is for the lunch buffet]

Not the best buffet in Vegas and not the cheapest (running about $12.95), but you can expect some good spice from the buffet options.

What sets Gandhi India Cuisine's buffet aside from other Indian buffets in Vegas is the surprising spice.  The general tendency in an Indian buffet is to keep it bland.  The buffet has to make a lot of different palates happy and the general tendency is to keep it bland to make the most folks happy.  But cheers to Gandhi for not skimping on the spice.  

They usually have several vegetarian options in the buffet and a number of delicious chicken dishes.  There's some real hit and miss going on with the dishes.  I loved the paneer in spicy butter cream and the chicken tikka masala.  And thumbs up for the naan and the okra dish.  

That said, many of the dishes simply fall flat.  Problem is, at $12.95, this is one of the more expensive non-strip buffets and it is simply just not spectactular.
Wow! Driving down flamingo and saw a couple of Indian food joints. Ghandi had an authentic feel.

After going inside and seeing a buffet style set up, I was a little thrown off. After asking the lady, she explained you can either do the buffet or order off the menu. 

I decided to stay because there were so many people there.......the food was so good. So good that I went back for dinner the same night. For dinner I ordered off the menu (there is no buffet at night anyways.) and I cannot believe the results. 

The food off the menu was even better than the buffet (which was already some of the best Indian food I've had.) I will be eating here every chance I get every time i'm in vegas.

Favs: Chicken Masala, Lentil Soup, Basmati Rice, Garlic Naan, the dessert @ Buffet  ;-) (make sure to combine them!)
Awesome customer service. We visit this place every time we are in vegas. But on Dec 24th they only had dinner buffet and when we told the manager (Laddi) we were leaving cause we couldn't order our favorite dish (malai paneer) he had the kitchen make it for us!! We felt so special and taken care of!! U guys gotta try this place! U wont be disappointed!!!
@ Lunch buffet. Food was OK.
Ridiculous. Utterly ridiculous. I just called and attempted to place an order by telephone. I was promptly asked to call back in 45 minutes! What kind of business asks a potential customer to call back??! I apologized for bothering them and informed them that I wouldn't be giving them my business. Sorry about it.
When we entered the restaurant, the buffet time was almost over. Erik kept the buffet on hold for us and even arranged for fresh and hot roti. Totally adds a star to our trip to Vegas.
Worst customer service. The dude doesn't even know where the guest are seated. Allotted our table twice to others while we are grabbing the food from buffet.
We've been going here for years and today was very likely the last time, sad to say. The parking lot was surprisingly empty and I guess we now know why. My wife normally loves the tandori chicken but today it was EXTREMELY dry and unedible. We told our waiter about it and he takes the piece of dry chicken from our table and takes it to the back kitchen and seemed to tell the cook that the chicken was bad. Well, no follow up, no apology and he seemed to laugh it off with the female waitress that seemed to be flipping the dry pieces, just picking at them. I've kind of noticed the food was getting lower in quality lately, but didn't say much since it was my wife's favorite Indian lunch buffet. Even the solidly prepared mango lassi was full of ice pieces, didn't taste good and didn't arrive to the table until my plate was nearly finished. I didn't even go for seconds, since there really wasn't anything worth going back for. We have other choices for Indian food and next time it won't be here. Maybe they changed owners?
I went for dinner and ordered the Tandoori chicken, it was very tender and flavorful. The atmosphere is also great. I am on atkins diet lately and I highly recommend their tandoori chicken (one order is more than enough for even two people)
I had a great experience when I ate here a few days ago. I started with the tandoori mix grill. This plate had a nice mix of chicken, lamb, and prawns. It all tasted great. For the main course we had the chicken tikka and the prawn curry. Both these dishes had just the right amount of spices and filled with taste.  

If you have never tried Indian cuisine, make sure this is the 1st Indian restaurant you try. The food will not disappoint.
Worst food we had in Vegas. Couple of my friend had stomach ache after  eating here. Also for the price its not worth. Will not recommend anybody to go here. Also the parking lot was empty. Now we know why it was empty.
The buffet was amazing and the service was prompt.  Lamb curry was tender and delicious.  The samosa was the best I have ever had and the mango custard was a perfect finish.  I would highly recommend this restaurant.
Very clean and hygienic! Love the ambience and openness. Much better than overcrowded restaurants right on the strip. 

Service is awesome. Waiters are very kind, always available and seem to want you to ask them for things. 

Food is absolutely amazing. I've never had better Indian food in my life. Tastes very fresh. Chicken dishes are very juicy and succulent. Other Indian restaurants just don't match up to the quality of food.

I would definitely recommend this place to everyone. My Vegas trip was complete after coming here.

I'm definitely coming back!
One of my favorite Indian restaurants ever. The layout makes you feel at home and helps enjoy your experience. The staff is great and friendly. 

The food is outstanding. The lamb was cooked to perfection which is hard to find. The menu offers a lot of variety for both meat eaters and vegetarians. I will be coming back for sure.
I try to find an Indian restaurant in almost every city I visit because I love it so.  I've made three visits to Gandhi's while in Vegas and every time have had an excellent meal with great service.   

I've even visited the lunch buffet.  Lunch buffets can be mediocre and are often bland, but not at Gandhi's.  good stuff.
Bacchanal buffet my ass! Gandhi buffet it is! 

The food tastes fresh, there is variety and its delicious!! What's not to like for a hungover group of 10 guys! I had a sampling of everything but stuck to my dal chaawal staple which was perfect for me. They have idli, sambhar and upma too for the average south Indian! 

When a buffet costs $14-15, you would think they would invest in cutlery. Nope. although the plates are ceramic(very light), the cups are 'take-out' material cups and the spoons look metallic but they are 'faux' metal spoons. The fork bent while cutting into my idli, haha. Come on guys, invest a bit more. 

Will be back.
Went there and the food was decent but the service was aweful. My girlfriend and I were the only ones in there and they took forever to come back to our table or even bring the check. We just wanted to leave
Good value for your buck. Very close to the strip.
What happened here??

When I was here for dinner a little over a year ago, the buffet (the matter paneer in particular) was fan-flippin-tastic.  Service was great, the food was amazing, and I swore an oath to myself that I would somehow come back here.

I was in Vegas with my fianc this past weekend and, even though he's not big on Indian food, I talked him into having dinner here because of how good it was.

Womp Womp.

Did they change ownership??  There's no such thing as a dinner buffet anymore.  "Well, I can't eat embarrassing amounts at the buffet, but at least I can order the matter paneer off the menu," I thought.  There was one nice host/busser, one food runner, and one disinterested waiter, which got to be a problem as the dinner crowd picked up.  The naan was sub-par; more burnt air bubbles than anything.  My beloved matter paneer was totally different.  It wasn't bad.  Actually, it was pretty decent, but nowhere near as good as it used to be.  We sat at the table, done eating, plates cleared, for a loooong time before I was able to practically tackle the waiter to get our check.

Had I never been here before, this would have been a 2.5-rounded-up-to-3-stars-to-be-generous experience.  But knowing what was and what could have been, this mostly left me disappointed and apologizing to my fianc for misleading him.
The tomato soup was out of the world. The most delicious I ever had. Better than many restaurents in India !
My family and I used to go to this place all the time to get our Indian fix but ever since they got new management the food started tasting different and the overall quality went don't. Seriously they don't even give you real glasses or utensils to use. They also let go the best servers which really made the place so welcoming and "Homey"
Had this place last night and it was very good.  Ordered the tandoori mixed grill, chicken tikka masala, & paneer kadhai and all three dishes were hot and flavorful.  The service was a bit slow and since there were only few other tables being used thought it would've been better. Maybe they were a little short on staff since it was a Tuesday night.  Would've given 5 stars if the service more on the spot.
The food was OK at best. We want on Monday in the after-noon and it looks like they were serving food left over from the past weekend.
Why was I surprised, after all this place has many two star review. I guess because I've eaten here before and thought the food was pretty good. But there's more to a restaurant than the quality of the food. So briefly here's my prob with this place. 

First, they raise their prices when they feel it's appropriate - Christmas week. Yes, the week, not the day. How do you justify with no additional menu items? Next, Naan is part of the buffet and good but dry - most buffets serve fresh naan at the table. There was no patek paneer - I know, amazing huh? Finally, the plastic silverware was just too much. $15 buffet with plastic silverware!
So I gave this place another chance for dinner and lunch. It was pretty good still not a big fan of the obvious downgrade on the silverware department but the food was much better keep it up :)
Lots of tasty vegetarian dishes even though I'm a meat lover, I was quite surprised that the lunch buffet was more than enough. Spices were just right, flavorful and a plethora of dishes including dessert. I would have given it a 4-star but the location and atmosphere needs improvement. Be prepared to walk away satisfied and extremely full.
Love the ambience here! Food is just ok, we had buffet here. The food was not so fresh and hot. The owner was generous and nice man.
This place is awesome and so far the best indian restaurant in Las Vegas. Long weekends they always have Lunch and Dinner buffet which is fabulous and their food is awesome as well. 

Whenever we come to Vegas we just eat here. We are vegetarians and they always have lot of options for us compare to other restaurants.

We love this place and recommend to all vegetarians indian food lovers :)
The service was very poor, the atmosphere very average. Food was good, even though we were not ask if we wanted our food mild so our food was hot flavored. Price was ok till u realize that all food is a la carte. I did not realize rice was extra with your curry, so be sure to get your side otherwise you will disappointed. Overall, I will not come here.
Fresh food, excellent taste and very nice new owner. I tried a few others and had to go back to Gandhi time and again. Buffet was excellent too and when ordered service was quick compared to their competitors.
I was a big fan and still am a fan of Gandhi. But there r a few major things I would like them to change. First, please do not let us use plastic silverware and plastic water cups. Secondly, if customers are in the restaurant, no matter if it is time to close, keep the environment cool. Don't switch off the a/c 30 mins before closing. It gets really hot on a summer afternoon. Unlike in the past, there r now many other comparable indian restaurants in Vegas. I recommend not giving your most faithful customers any reason to move to competitors.
I have to say that the good was decent. Now I am an Indian and I eat at Indian restaurants in NJ and India all the time. Service really need to be worked on or they will have a hard time. 

For an Indian restaurant in the US I was quite impressed that their plates and cups were clean. Restrooms, like all indian restaurants were dirty and overfilled with fabreez. 


While we were there paying the check they had a call from a customer complaining about an delivery and it was not handled professionally while there were many others listening to her on the phone. 

Small changes and they could be the best place to eat indian food in Vegas.
Good food. I was surprised to find that they charge $4 for rice though... On the side of curry? Doesn't that usually come with it? 

And, the waiter told me that I couldn't order one of the curries because I was not Indian. I think he meant it as a warning about the spice but never-the-less I thought it was funny and worth mentioning. 

FYI - the wifi password is "iloveganhdi"
This place is as good as the other Indian restaurants that I've been to in Las Vegas.
The food is very good, the portions are still small, but if I go with someone else, I can usually finish their plates as well.
One thing that stands out is the decor...It is beautiful.
High ceilings, Indian nick-knacks hanging all over the place, linen table cloths, etc.
The service is fast, and the prices are in-line with other Indian Restaurants in the area.
I will go back if I'm ever on that side of town again.
Rrally awesome food. Malai paneer was excellent and butter naan was too good. Even lassi was great too.
Gandhi is awesome. Please don't take my word for it, go try their fish tikka and fish pakora and I bet you you'll fall in love with it. This comes from a foodie who loves authentic fish!
Some of the best Indian food in Las Vegas!! Their Naan is to die for and the chicken tiki masala is mouth watering!! Their lunch buffet is damn good too!! If you like Indian food....you have to try this place!!
The only place we go for indian besides my kitchen!  They have some awesome indian beers too.  Try the mango dessert.  Be warned, the vindaloo wasn't spicy at all.  The tandoori & tikka masala rock!
I love it, I love it, I love it!
Until around a year ago, this was the best Indian restaurant in Las Vegas and remains a favorite.  On our most recent visit we ordered naan, basmati rice, chicken tika marsala and rata lamb.  We received naan, basmati rice, chicken tika marsala and rata chicken. Not a problem because we have never had rata chicken or rata lamb or rata anything for that matter. Each entre was both flavorful and spicy.  Service remains attentive.
I can't say I'm an expert on Indian cuisine but this is my fav spot in Las Vegas. I know the location is questionable at best but the food is worth it. Best Naan in town. Saag Paneer, Chicken Tiki Masala and Vegetable Korma are great. Lunch buffet is $10 but it's a great way to try an assortment of what they have to offer. The place is small but it adds to the ambiance.
Out of all the Indian restaurants I've tried in Vegas, this is the best so far. And I'm pretty picky seeing as I grew up in an Indian household with awesome homecooked Indian food almost everyday. The buffet lunches are your best bet...because you can try everything for hella cheap! My favorite is the chicken tikki masala, saag paneer, and of course, their naan. If you're into yogurt drinks, try the Sweet Lassi. Yummilicious
The way I found the India Palace was to ask the locals where they go. Over and over the recommendation was the India Palace. This place is consistently good. Never fails to please and I've been going here for  years. Make a point of at least one meal here on every Vegas visit. Can't go wrong here. Great service, great food, great price.
This place is small and somewhat hidden. Their food is pretty good. I'd tried almost all of them and they all taste good. I would come back to this place. They had mango custard and rice pudding dessert.
Rather dark inside, definitely unassuming from the outside. A bit skeptical to  give it a shot after cruising through the neighborhood but pleasantly surprised that I did. An earlier reviewer was right. "You can't go wrong here." As spicy as you like (I like) with tastefully exotic ambience. Well worth the cab fare from the Bellagio.
There were 12 of us that ate at this crowded and cramped place, with stinky overflowing restrooms in Las Vegas. 
The food was delicious. Some dishes could be less greased with butter, but overall the food was good in comparison to mid-range Indian restaurants in the US - although it was priced higher than most in its range. 
The wait was long as there are few tables to seat. Restrooms were absolutely a disaster with things overflowing with no attention from the owners. A common problem with most Indian restaurants like this one. If the food is good, the price is high - but no funds are diverted to keeping the restaurant clean for a clean experience. Where does all the cash go - not to the poor low-cost undocumented workers ????
Ok..so were from San francisco, which arguably has the best cuisine in the u.s. So this may be a bit biased. 
The food is not that great...we went for the buffet and it was really bland. 

But there were a lot of Indian and bangladeshis in the place, which makes me think it must be the only game in town.
**THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE BUFFET ONLY**

After reading the reviews of this place, I was lead to believe it is the best Indian place in Vegas.  After eating here my thoughts are:

1) This is the only Indian place in Vegas--not likely
2) People in Vegas have never had good Indian food
3) People in Vegas don't know what good Indian food is.

My thinking is either 2 or 3.

The food:  An assortment of curries which all lack that usual tasteful magicness found in Indian cuisine.  The consistency was fine (I've been to some places that have real watery curries) but the blending of spices came out bland and not good.  The naan although fluffy tasted like burnt popcorn.  I have to say the one saving grace was the rice pudding (kheer) was actually quite good...I went back for seconds.

The atmosphere:  typical for an Indian restaurant.  My water glass was filled at appropriate times, they had pleasant light music playing (as opposed to obnoxious Bollywood videos), and the decor is fine.  I have to say I did not venture into the bathroom as I was afraid for my life.

The next time I am in Vegas I will skip this one.
My brother found this restaurant, asking local folks where they went for Indian food.  Certainly the outside of it would never have attracted us!

But ooooh, the food!  The lamb curry was good, the chicken vindaloo was delish, and the goat curry (yes, goat curry) was to die for.  Service was swift and friendly.  The decor was odd -- a cross between New Delhi and someone's living room -- but that went weirdly well with the sense that this was, in fact, some fabulous home cooking.
when an indian woman gushes to me about an indian restaurant, i usually take her word for it and rush over there and expect a good meal. 
i mean, i just assumed that she should get to decide what good indian food was. 

anyway, that's not the point. 
after we paid and we were waiting for a cab, a bunch of men standing by the door gave us a handful of seed looking things from the restaurant counter. they put a handful in their mouth and chewed with glee! and told us to eat it! and it tasted like soap/pepper seeds! and i kept thinking, "WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT?! WHY DID I JUST EAT THAT?!"

anyway, that's not the point either. 

THE POINT IS: 
i forgot the left over chicken ticca in the trunk of my car. 
for two days. 
BUT AFTER TWO DAYS IT WAS TOTALLY FINE AND MY DAD STILL ATE IT AND SAID IT WAS GOOD! 

five stars!
Best Chicken Tikka Masala I've encountered. It's also one of the few places that ever has dosas readily available and the service is good.

Since moving to the Bay Area, I've noticed that India Palace is a bit pricey for Indian food...but considering that it tastes better than all the Indian places I've gone to here in the bay, I'd say that it's worth it.

Las Vegas lacks a variety of quality ethnic places. Luckily, there are few places like India Palace that make up for it.
I had the buffet today. I don't think I can give a fair comprehensive review til I've ordered from the menu. Buffet is a different animal, ey? 

But the buffet was damn good. I don't eat much meat, but I just drizzled the sauces from the meat dishes all over my rice and sopped up with naan (flat bread). I agree with the other reviews that the naan was a little burnt, but maybe that's intentional? It was still fluffy and I kind of like my foods on the charred side anyways. Adds character. The naan is not on the buffet line, but a waiter will drop it on your table, I'm assuming so it doesn't dry out under the lamps of the buffet. Nice touch, Indians. 

The meatball sauce was awesome, on the sweet side and I went back for seconds and thirds. The saag paneer (spinach and cheese) was also good. But the paneer cubes were scant. 

The Kahari Goat (house favorite) was a little on the salty side, but still good. On the dinner menu, this dish is $15. 

The kheer (rice pudding) was good, too. Not too sweet, but still sweeter than others I've had. 

Their samosas were okay (I like Samosa Factory's mo bettah). They offer a couple different chutneys. Cilantro and ... mango maybe?

They also served raita, chicken tandoori, aloo tikki (little fried potato chunks, like Indian tater tots), and mango custard. Everything I had was yummy. 

They have a fat seafood menu, too, but no seafood dishes were offered in the buffet. At least not when we went. 

Their dinner menu looks out of control good. I'm gonna have to go back. A lot. 

The buffet had a really good variety for only $13. 

Manfriend got a salt lassi, which was not too salty. $2-3. 

For two buffets and one drink, the bill came out to $30. 

The restaurant is in a free-standing building on Twain, east of Paradise. Dangerously close to school. Small parking lot. 

The interior was surprisingly well-decorated. There's elaborate wood carvings and Indian illustrations decorating the walls. The walls are painted flat planes of colors, similar to Indian spices. The restaurant is pleasantly under lit. They don't just sport the name "fine Indian cuisine" for fun. Tables are elegantly set up with linens and all that fancy crap. Waitstaff is nicely dressed in uniform. 

The bar is constructed with a solid dark wood and there's a large flat screen behind the bar playing shitty Bollywood movies, no audio. 

The nice decor is surprising because most authentically ethnic restaurants are designed as an after thought. Like in old country. 

When we went in (lunch time on a Monday), we were only the second party. By the time we left, there were about eight parties. 

* off the strip, non-casino
MMMM has a great buffet all you can eat buffet for lunch for a good price. It's Monday through Sunday. They have just remodeled so there's a bar added to it as well as a larger area to sit.
I have been eating at India Palace for ten years. Imagine my surprise when I my favorite Indian restaurant now completely renovated. The building is now very modern and upgraded. I had the lunch buffet today and was pleasantly surprised that chicken tika masala is now part of the buffet. Still my favorite menu item. I highly recommend the lunch buffet if this is your first foray into Indian cuisine. My only quibble is that the dinner menu averages $15 per entree. A little high, but well worth it in my opinion.
My wife and i have waited to try the India Palace we were looking forward to it very much, but what a disappointment . The place was not clean, the service was awful, the food was, let me say passable at best and nowhere to park. 
I had the chicken vidaloo, the chicken was fatty and chewy with three pieces of chicken, although it was spicey enough for me. The utensiles were dirty and the plates were not clean enough for me. 

Being from London where the Indian restaurants are excellant i can assure you that our first time will be our last. You will get the customer once but to stay in business you have to attract customers back and on this showing we wont be going back.

John
Las Vegas
India palace closed for a few months to renovate....a few very sad months for some friends and I ...

It completely changed its decor---completely modern now--and the lighting SO much better.

Food is still excellent and I will come back every chance I get.
Hip location and atmosphere, and the food was above average as well.  Veggie pakoras were outstanding, and I loved the red chili chutney that is served alongside the mint and tamarind.  Northern Indian entrees were rather good, but the Dosai were very average.  Sambar was watery and low in flavor.
It was the surprisingly pleasant facade that brought us to India Palace on a Sunday evening.  As we drove through the parking lot, we were stunned to see how busy it was.  The private lot was packed and we took the last parking space.  (There were still cars coming in as we walked into the restaurant.)  Could there be private event?

As I took a quick peek in, it didn't seem like it was closed for a party.  We took the last of the two tables available, which was our luck since the rest of our dinner there was a large group of people waiting.  Checking out our fellow diners, and we were surrounded by Indians and non-Indians.  This place was was ridiculously busy!  As a result, it took awhile to get our orders in and for our food to come.  It looked like a new restaurant inside with the simple decorations and complementing paint choices.  (As other yelper mentioned, they just renovated.)  A lone TV behind the bar showed Bollywood videos throughout the meal.  They also have two smaller rooms off to the sides.

The Husband and I both ordered a Mango Lassi "Sweet yogurt based shake made with mango pulp." ($3.95) to start and it was probably one of the best I've had.  Presented in a copper cup, I would say they give you more than other places do.

We both chose a dinner special, which comes with chicken or dal soup; choice of bread - plain naan, garlic naan, or roti; basmatic rice and mango custard.

The Dal Soup "A traditional veggie soup with delicately spiced lentils." was simple, but tasty.  A nice start to our meal.

The Garlic Naan was a generous amount, and we actually had leftovers.  It was tasty with lots of garlic.

My Vegetable Dinner Special included "Saag Paneer, Navratan Korma, Dal Makhani, Raita" ($19.95).  The Saag Paneer "Creamy spicy spinach with chunks of homemade cheese." is usually a favorite of The Husband's, so I let him have most of it.  It was good, but not my favorite. The Navratan Korma "Mixed veggies with cheese in a creamy sauce with cashews, almonds & raisins." was a favorite though, probably because I love creamy sauces in Indian cooking. The Dal Makhani "Lentil delicacy flavored with onions, tomatoes, ginger, garlic & cream." was also very good as well, because I love lentils and cream!  The Raita "Yogurt seasoned with cumin, cucumber, tomatoes & mint." has never been something I could enjoy, so The Husband enjoyed most of it.

The Husband went for the Rack of Lamb Dinner Special "Rack of Lamb, Malai Kofta, Aloo Matar" ($25.95).  The Malai Kofta "Cheese & vegetable balls in an aromatic gravy." was a bit interesting, as we would say.  It's considered a "House Favorite" but it was just a bit weird for us.  The Aloo Matar "Green peas cooked with diced potatoes and aromatic spices in a curry sauce." was yummy, as most Indian curry dishes are.  The rack of lamb was also good, and loaded with tons of onions and bell peppers, which The Husband ate up.

The Mango Custard was a light simple liquid custard drink with chunks of fruit in it.  Not exactly what I call a custard, but more like a thicker lassi.

Service was okay - when our waiter finally took our order, the food took awhile and our bill took awhile too.  The women serving the food could use a little brush up on how to clear a table.  Simple things like clearing the soup bowls before bringing out the other food might help a bit.  We were seated at a small table, so it was crowded with all our mini dishes.

Overall, India Palace served up some good Indian food.  In general, I love the intense spices used in Indian cooking, and you definitely get it here.  I can't say how authentic it is, but from the many Indians eating there, I take that as a good sign.  It is a bit pricey though compared to other Indian restaurants.
I would be giving this place a 4 but they really really irritated me. 

OK so all that aside, the selection is good the atmosphere is good, the two times I have eaten there the food was IMO overly salty but not enough to keep me away. 

Now the third time I go in there, they were down right rude. There was NO ONE IN THERE and we asked if we could sit in the little room by the windows. Yes we asked politely and were answered by; 

"No, Sit here" *points to dark dark corner* by some older lady who seemed to be having a bad day. 

I responded by gently telling her we did not want to sit in the dark corner and we wanted to read a bit while we ate so.. we asked again if there was anyway we could sit here or is there some reason we can't?" 

"No, Sit here" *points to dark dark corner* 

Oh man so I stood there a second wondering if maybe we were having a language barrier issue and this nice old lady wasn't intentionally being rude. So I look to the young man who was holding the ice water pitcher. He looked like the woman scared him $hitless and he pretty much tried to usher us to the dark seats. oh man 

So I turn to my girlfriend and we both walk right back out the door. 

we went to India oven down on Sahara and las vegas blvd. instead. 
and yes they have good food and good service. They even let us in before they were really open for the lunch buffet.
Well, I had tried Origin India, Tamba, Bollywood Grill, and India Oven. 
None of them compare to the tastes of India Palace that I experienced in Oct 2009. Everything tasted great, from the mango lassi to the chicken tikka masala.
The only negative was that the waiter's Indian accent was very thick and he tended to speak quickly, so he wasn't always easy to understand - even for a well traveled person like myself. 
Still, I'm yet to find a better Indian restaurant in Las Vegas.
I dropped in with a buddy for the lunch buffet, it was OK.  The fare is standard for an Indian place, lamb curry, chicken tikka masala, naan bread.  Here's a tip if you offer a buffet, don't bother offering salad if all you're going to have is iceburg lettuce and canned fruit.  I'm glad they honored the 2-1 coupon for the buffet, and the service was polite and good.
TERRIBLE SERVICE but good food. Pretty pricy for curry. If you wanna see the most unfriendly servers, this is the place to go. I will never go back there, tho.
Last night in Vegas:

My girlfriend and I wanted to eat somewhere off the strip and have some good Indian food. We are both glad we found this place. Ok it may not be in the best part of town, but the food more than makes up for it.

Appetizers: Complimentary flat breads with dipping sauces

Entrees: Lamb Curry & Chicken Tikka Masala

Sides: Keemon Naan and Plain Naan.

Everything was oh so good. I don't really eat too much indian food, maybe because I'm worried that I'm going to get bad indian food. But I'm glad we went here. First thing you notice when you walk in, is that everyone that is sitting in the restaurant is indian! Ok, so they're all indian this place must be good! And YES it was. For sure we are going to have to go back here again if and when we are in Vegas...
Wife and I tried the lunch buffet at India Palace and found it to be OK, but unremarkable and a little under-spiced.

The restaurant is rather pleasant compared to some of the strip mall establishments that Vegas Indian places can be, but I just didn't have my socks blown off enough for a repeat visit or to want to sample the dinner menu.
Sunday night: January 10, 2010. Indian Food Heaven. My bf yelped this place while we were thinking of a place to grub my last night in Vegas before heading back home Monday morning. When we first walked in, I thought, "Wow...tons of Indian customers and wow...very classy spot." We started off with some flat breads and a couple different dipping sauces. Very delicious! For our entrees we ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Lamb Curry and of course being total mcfatties we ordered 2 different types of Naan bread. Ohhhh how I love Naan and ohhhh how they made them just right! And to finish off with dessert we ordered some Indian ice cream, I had the pistachio and he ordered the mango. Very different, but very good as well. The service was also quite excellent. I definitely didn't think we'd find an awesome Indian restaurant as this one that night. Definitely gotta try this place out if you're ever in Vegas and looking to dine off the strip.
I'm a HUGE fan of this place ... wonderful, wonderful indian food.  I've eaten here four times in the last 2 months and each time everything's been terrific.  highly, highly recommend.
So, Diamond Palace in Diamond Bar, CA had the best chicken tikka masala as of yet.  Well, I have finally discovered (so far) the winner of that title.  It now belongs to India Palace in Las Vegas, NV!  It is located a mile east of the Strip.  The neighborhood seems run-down but the restaurant is beautfully decorated and modern-looking.  
The flavours of the chicken tikka masala were perfect.  I ordered mine spicy and it had just the right amount of kick.  It was unanimous within our group of Indian Food-Lovers that this was the best place we've had yet.  The waiter recommended the rice dish Pea Pulao, which contained white basmati rice, peas, yellow raisins, and either peanuts or cashews (can't remember.)  He said it was more special and flavorful than the regular rice.  It was good also, but I prefer the plain rice.  The naan was perfect as well (but who could mess that up?)  I am sad that it is so far away because I can't eat it often, but luckily I visit Las Vegas a few times a year and it will make it that much more special to anticipate eating it.  I will never hit the casino buffets anymore and opt to go to India Palace's buffet instead! Now that's money well-spent!!
Zagat rated pretty much indicates that a restaurant is quite excellent. And they're correct with this place. Best Indian food in Vegas so far. The only place that I know of that knocks this place out of the map would be Curry In A Hurry back in NY. But. This place will do. Unless I visit NY again! Go for buffet during lunch. Great price and selection.
Best Indian lunch buffet in a town where the Indian lunch buffets I've tried aren't particularly fantastic.  No comments on any non-buffet action as I haven't had it.

Located right near the convention center for all of you out-of-towners, but also not in a particularly good neighborhood the further you head away from the Strip.  Still though, if you're in that area of town it's a pretty good meal.
Their Lunch Buffet is nice, their North Indian dishes are really really good...Good Ambience.. 

The dosa is also nice but huge... Basic veggies like okra are just ok...but the paneer and cholle etc are really nice...
If it were in my hands I would give this place negative ratings. I am an India and I have been to all sort of Indian restaurants in US and in India.

So let me start my part of experience here. Me and my friends went here reading all the nice yelp reviews. We ordered some appetizers, some sabji, naan and MYSORE MASALA DOSA.

The waiter took our order and asked us if we want the sabji spicy or medium spicy. We said medium spicy would be good. So he brings everything from started to the sabji and naan in order. The starters were okay and sabji was totally bland. We could easily say, since I have some cooking experience, that the mixed vegetable sabji was made out of frozen ready made cut vegetables, partially cooked and lacking all the spices that make it Indian. But we did not complain because we thought that it might be because we said medium spicy.

So, after we all but my poor friend who had ordered the DOSA, were done with our lunch, they bring the DOSA. The sambhar is sour like lemonade (we did not complain about it), but the MYSORE DOSA is full of red chilli powder. She, could barely eat two pieces of it. So, we call the waiter and tell him that we find it to spicy. He starts explaining us that we don't know what an actual MYSORE MASALA tastes like. And tells us that since we have not eaten an actual MYSORE MASALA in the city of MYSORE in INDIA we cannot complain about it. So,  I informed him that I am from India and I have eaten MYSORE MASALA for more than 25 years and yes in MYSORE too and its never this spicy. He made faces and so I told him that its their mistake because they should have mentioned that it is very spicy in their menu. So, he got a bit scared and offered us some complimentary dessert, which we obviously denied and left the place paying for everything, with bad taste in our mouth.
Wow! The renovation has really improved the ambiance of this place! Great job... so much more open, with a lot more space. Some good Bollywood videos on the TV, low lighting.  Nice.  

Anyway! The lunch buffet ($11.95) has several vegan options, one of which is MASALA DOSA! I know! You're freaking out.  You have been looking for an Indian place that even SERVES dosa, much less has it on the buffet!!  Well, this is a blessing and a curse.  Masala dosa should be eaten immediately after it comes off the griddle, which does not happen at a buffet.  BUT if you can hold out til you see a fresh batch brought out, it's pretty good.  And the sambar to go with was super tasty.  (Bad news though, their coconut chutney has dairy in it.)

The server was very helpful pointing out the vegan-friendly dishes (pakora, rice, chana masala, cabbage, dosa, sambar, some salad stuff).  They will also bring you (vegan) roti upon request instead of naan.

It's an A-OK place; a nice change of pace from the usual trip across the street to Mint.

Oh, and meat-eaters - apparently you MUST try the meatballs and the goat.  That was the word around the table, can't confirm personally!
I've been to India Palace a number of times now and would say it's one of my favorite Indian restaurants in Las Vegas. The neighborhood is a little sketchy, but don't let that fool you. This place is worth it.

A few people I know used to not like this place because it was really dumpy. I never saw how it used to look, but the place was renovated a couple years ago and is quite nice now. Even the people who used to not like going there have returned. 

The menu items are typical of what you will find at most Indian restaurants, however, they have a number of Southern Indian foods that I was not familiar with. One dish, the dosa, is something I would highly recommend to anyone. Essentially, it is a gigantic crepe filled with ground potato and onion. To give you an idea of the size, it's probably about 20-24 inches long, 4 inches wide, and an inch thick. If you want to make it amazing, you can ask them to include ground lamb. It's not on the menu, but for an extra few bucks, it's overwhelmingly worth it. It comes with two sauces, sambar and coconut chutney. I've never cared much for coconut, but everyone else always thinks they go well together. Paired with their naan varieties, you really can't lose. 

The tandoori, masala, and everything else I've tried has been very good. Additionally, they have a lunch buffet for about $12 that's worth checking out. Overall, if you are looking for good Indian, this is somewhere you need to go.
It's a rather sad thing that I don't frequent Indian restaurants. Being ethnically Indian, I should be galloping to the nearest Indian place to gorge on the curries and breads but I never do. The first reason is that for the most part, the Indian buffets or restaurants leave me with a very uneasy stomach. The second reason is that a lot of Indian restaurants leave something to be desired in the hygiene department. 

I'm happy to say that India Palace has somewhat alleviated my prejudices against Indian restaurants (esp the ones in Las Vegas). We went on a Sunday afternoon. They serve a lunch buffet (12/13 bucks) every day. The restaurant was packed! And it was quite well decorated...muted romantic colors, nice lighting...wow..a refreshing change from the usual Indian buffet experience. 

One of my friends' went for the buffet which had about 10 dishes and a multitude of salads, yogurt dipping sauces and deserts. My husband has partaken in the buffet before and both of them had only good things to say about the buffet. 

As I was feeling not too hungry, I decided to have something from their dosa menu. I ordered an onion and chili oothapam (thick pancake made from fermented idli/dosa batter. The batter needs to have a distinct sour taste and it is topped generously with onion/veggies or whatever you fancy). This was served with a Sambar and coconut chutney. The oothapam itself was pretty good and the Sambar although definitely not authentic traditional South Indian sambar, certainly tasted good. My friend had a paper dosa which was crisp and tasty and my husband had the mysore masala dosa (dosa stuffed with a spicy potato masala with some spicy chutney in it). 

I was pretty stoked to eat South Indian dosas in Vegas and have it taste good and be seated in a relatively nice establishment. 

The service was a bit crazy..they had about 5 waiters/waitresses and no one was wearing any sort of uniform. All the wait staff were Indian and so were the customers...imagine my confusion and uncertainty when calling for service. 

My husband also had the chai and said it was really good. He didn't leave any for me to try so I'd have to take his word for it. I ordered coffee...although not the traditional filter coffee served in South India, the combination of the coffee and dosa made for a very satisfying lunch. 

I'd definitely go back for their dosa offerings.
The vegetarian dishes was okay. I did enjoy the cabbage dish and I believe it is called Kutu. Anyway, it was fresh and tasty. The vegetables was cooked perfectly right. Not too soggy and still had a fresh crisp at each bite. 

I didn't eat as much, but I was extremely full right away. I wonder if the myth about buffets is true. You know, the myth of putting something in all of the food that makes you full fast so you don't eat as much and waste any food? Well,  my stomach seems to think that the buffet myth applies to India Palace. It feels like I ate a whole roast pig. I just feel awkwardly bloated and full from eating a few vegetarian dishes. 

I am not sure if I would come back, considering that the lunch buffet is $11.99. The waiter also had poor listening skills.  The bill was 
$25.84.  My friend had $20 Cash and I had a card. We told the waiter to bring back $5 in change and put the rest on the card.  Simple enough right? 

He put $20 into the bill and charged $5.84 on the card! Ay yay yay!!
I had a hankering for Indian food and had been meaning to try India Palace. I grabbed a friend and we headed on our way. 

As others have said, the neighborhood is a bit sketchy. The restaurant is nice inside and looks recently renovated. The staff was extremely friendly and seated us right away. 

The food is good. Really good. They immediately brought us papadum and a few various sauces. We ordered some garlic naan (delicious) and the Bombay fish (decent).

We ordered chicken tikka masala and Reshami chicken along with two orders of basmati rice. I ordered the tikka masala as spicy as they make it. It was spicy but, I wanted tears and didn't get any. It was still delicious. It's the best Indian food I've had in Las Vegas during the 5 years I've lived here.

Great service, great atmosphere, and great food. Go!
This is the 2nd BEST Indian food EVER! We've been to the Middle East and had true Indian food and experienced the full cultural effect. Anyhow, we live in Orange County, Ca. and eat here every time we come to Vegas, which is pretty often! We've tried numerous places close to home and have found nothing that comes even close to India Palace. We always leaving enjoying the food of other establishments since we love Indian food but it always feels like something is lacking. We always get the same items: 
Papadum served with various sauces -you get this for free right when you sit down 
Garlic naan 
Chicken tikka- it's all white meat with onions and peppers!! 
Chicken Vindaloo- extra "Indian" spicy 
Peas Pulao 
Simple, easy and DELISH! The place is clean and the service is warm and friendly without being overbearing.
My friend and I called ahead to see if they had a lunch buffet on Sunday. The person who answered the phone was prompt and courteous. He confirmed that they had a Sunday buffet for $11.99. I asked if there were any vegetarian dishes. He said yes, and then rattled off a half a dozen of them off the top of his head. Great!  We're on our way.

This place is located just off of the strip -- don't walk it though. It seems to cater to locals and adventurous tourists and California visitors looking for good Indian food (like me). The area is a little run down, definitely not the pride of Vegas. Buffets are common in this town, even in off-strip restaurants, where even all-you-can-eat sushi is the norm. 

India Palace has been completely remodeled inside and out since I was last there a few years ago. I think that even the assphalt parking lot was new.  The new space is awesome inside. It's very nice and well appointed.  Trendy, somewhat techno Indian music adds to a well-designed layout with dark wood tables, cozy booths, and a nice central bar area.

The lunch buffet was great! Lots of veggie stuff to choose from. Little to no vegan though -- hard to find with Indian food since ghee and cream are staples.

They also must be paying attention to some Yelpers since the service was great.   The service was fast and friendly and hot naan hit our table about as fast as it takes to cook it.  And, yes, you can get the matriarch to smile when you smile at her and compliment her naan (which *was* fantastic!)

We'll definitely be back.
Nice decor and very clean. The servers need to take some training on etiquette, but they didn't mean bad. The chicken tikka masala was tasty for sure but a small portion for the money. Goat biryami was bad . Gulab jun was yummy.
Let me start by saying, this was my first time having Indian food.  I was a little worried because I'm not too sure I like curry.  Didn't think I would like Indian food, but my mother-in-law wanted to do the lunch buffet for her birthday.  She and her husband spent a year and a half in India.

Wow!  With the exception of some chick pea salad thing, I liked everything on the buffet, and I basically tried everyting.  The Chicken tikka marsala or "butter chicken" was so yum.  My mom-in-law called around trying to find a lunch buffet with this dish and only India Palace had it, so score!  I also really liked the spinach.  Not sure what was in it, but it had a spicy kick.  There were also these vegetable fritter things which were great.  Sorry, I can't be more descriptive, but I was overwhelmed!

The service was great.  I believe the owner was waiting on us and he talked to the in-laws about India and really made it a good experience.  Cute decor.  Parking is tight.  Overall, I would definitely recommend this place.
This review is for their lunch buffet.

I was so lucky today.  The buffet had my favorite entree and dessert, all for about $10, which normally would have cost me close to $20 easily.  

-Goat Karahi:  The meat was so tender and flavorful. Place a piece of this delicate meat on a piece of naan, add some white onions and a squeeze of lemon...what do you get?  Yummy yummy in my tummy!

-Kheer: Traditional rice pudding made with basmati rice, milk, sugar & saffron.  I can eat 2 bowls of this easily.  So DeliCious.

They constantly bring out naan to you when your basket gets low.

Aside from these 2 awesome things that I eat from the buffet line, they also offer other dishes like the pakora, aloo gobi, chicken tandoori, and many other dishes and desserts (my friend had mango custard and she said it was very good...I vowed to try it next time by not overstuffing myself with the kheer).  Their menu changes though.  The other time that I was here, instead of the goat karahi, they had lamb vindaloo.  Instead of kheer, they had gulab jamun (milk cheese balls soaked in a honey syrup), which was a sad day for me :(.  I expressed to the server with a pout, indicating that I would much prefer the kheer.  Next thing you know, he brought out a serving of kheer just for me!  Yay to the awesome server!

Therefore, if there are certain items that you like, you might want to call ahead to check out what's on their line.  Other than that, if you feel adventurous, please check this place out. I will definitely come back!
Went for the lunch buffet and came away very pleased, with the exception of the crazy lady seated behind us rambling and talking about weird, crazy shit. The food was fresh, tasty and we enjoyed many of the different dishes we tried. It's been a long day and I can't remember exactly what we had by name but we'll definitely be going back... The tikka masala was great! :)
Yum, Yum, and Yum!  The garlic naan is to die for!  I had the Chicken Tikka Masala and it was absolutely delicious.
Last Sunday I took a friend from Oregon to India Palace.  I've been there many times and each time is as good or better than the last.  The renovations make it quite lovely inside -- used to be pretty drab.  We had the buffet and I had honestly forgotten how much it cost so was pretty surprised to get the bill:  under $25 for two!!  

The rogan josh is out-of-this world, but everything on the buffet is delicious.  The flavors are wonderfully blended and some of the dishes are moderately spicy but not hot-hot.  The naan is included which, as you may know, can add quite a bit to the cost of your meal if you order from the menu.  

I've been to several other Indian restaurants in Las Vegas and India Palace has never disappointed.  My friend was suitably impressed and is looking forward to going there again on her next visit.  And am I being anti-PC to say that we were the only non-Indians in the restaurant that afternoon?  That speaks well of the place.  OH -- and if you have an Entertainment book, there is a coupon although it's not good for the buffet, but at $11.99, who needs a coupon?
India Palace has been voted best Indian restaurant in Las Vegas by The Zagat survey every year since 2001 and it has been described to me by Indians as the most authentic restaurant we have. I've dined there a handful of times to see if I agree.

Although I wouldn't normally want to hang out on East Twain, one of the city's most dangerous areas, I will always take unnecessary risks for good food. The restaurant sticks out as the only kept up, interesting piece of architecture in that area, so it's hard to miss.

You will forget about the exterior surroundings upon entering as the decor is immediately welcoming. The walls are painted in warm, cheery earth tones that are beautifully complemented by heavy amber drapes and rich, dark woods. There is a comfortable full-service bar you can enjoy a drink at before your meal, making India palace stand out from many of its competitors.

My favorite thing to get here is the dosa, a thin pancake made from chickpeas. It is of such great diameter that it must be folded upon itself so it can almost fit on your plate, and it is eaten by tearing off more reasonably sized pieces. The only other place I've seen dosa is at India Masala in the Riviera (same owners, I believe), so I highly recommend ordering it here. You can have your dosa stuffed with an incendiary potato filling, or get the plain Papper Dosa, which I prefer (both $10.95). It is served with an addictive coconut 'chutney,' which is more like a coconut puree, and sambar, a tangy tamarind based soup/dip. Even without the accompaniments, the dosa serves as a fantastic vehicle for eating your main selections and proves to be an interesting alternative to naan.

The Chicken Tikka Masala ($14.95) and Mushroom Matar ($12.95) are fantastic, but I think the chef's abilities stand out most in the Lamb Rogan Josh ($15.95). The tomato broth is reminiscent of an authentic, slow-cooked Italian marinara that has been spiked with exotic spices, and the flavors continuously evolve in your mouth, revealing the sauce's complexity. The lamb is perfectly tender to boot, and hasn't a hint of the gaminess that can come with lower quality cuts.

So, is India Palace the best Indian restaurant in town? I can't affirmatively say yes (I had a spinach soup that was inedible and they don't use many fresh veggies in their lunch buffet), but it is definitely a contender.
Finally after several years of going to lunch at another nearby Indian restaurant we tried India Palace. What took us so long??? Yeah, the neighborhood. I would be pleased if they hired some armed soldiers with .303 Enfield rifles to stand at the doorway and of course in traditional Indian Army garb! Just kidding, but that is a part of Las Vegas that isn't a place to walk through at any time of day.
What really surprised us was the immediate sense of peace and luxury when you stepped inside. What the hec?! are we in the Bellagio off east Twain?! Felt like stepping into a 1970 Ford Pinto and on the inside it's a 2010 Ferrari! Although we've been dining on Indian fare for many years, we still don't know the proper names of all the different foods, yeah Sag is Spinach, Naan is the bread and so on... but what we do know is that the food here at the lunch buffet at India Palace is probably the best we've ever tried in So. Nevada. The flavors were all a step above the competition, service was attentive and friendly. The buffet line is a bit shorter in length than the competition, but the overall quality far exceeds quanity. Naan bread is brought to your table fresh and not in cold piles in the buffet line. Overall a great experience and we have been converted. I'll even overlook the overly engergetic Bollywood videos they play behind the bar. Oh yes, I like Samosas, but no one seems to have it available very often, I do miss those.
Since our last visit approximately 3 years ago, the restaurant has undergone a complete makeover so the dining room is quite nice though the immediate area surrounding the restaurant remains depressed.  We did not require our reservation as the dining room was empty.  Shortly after being seated we were served complimentary papadum and 3 chutney/sauces.  We decided to share orders of garlic naan, chicken tika masala, basmati rice and lamb sagwala.  The flavor and spice level of each dish proved to be too tame for my taste buds.
we got the rack of lamb dinner - without knowing that it was enough for two people, we also ordered this masala dosa or whatever you call it (a huge crepe looking thing stuffed with potatoes and onions).  the lamb was delicious! and the rest of the food was just ok.
i am curious about their lunch buffet - probably would go try it sometime, but don't think i will be back for dinner.
I'd give this more of a 3.5.  It's Las Vegas, so I guess you should expect to pay Las Vegas prices.  I've had dosas in California and in Asia, and would give this a 7/10 for flavor (that's why we came to this restaurant- for the paper dosas.  We also had the malai kofta, and that was better: 8/10.  Naan was solid and so was the basmati rice.  Service was great!
I've been all around the world eating Indian food. Especially, Dosas. Their dosas are mediocre. They're supposed to have a crunch to them. However, theirs came collapsed and slightly cold. The Malai Kofta we ordered was a touch bland. 

Now the tragedy...they charge $4 for a small bowel of basmati rice. I've never heard of ordering curry without a serving of rice. What a rip off. 

So bottomline is that you get mediocre food for a terrible price. I would not go back.
Went to the lunch buffet, very yummy!! Unfortunately they didn't have the chana masala, which i heard was very good, so I plan to go back and try that. I had a mango lassi, it was creamy and delicious, complemented the flavors of the food nicely. and the service was super friendly and attentive! Great decor too!
Our favorite Indian food in Las Vegas - near the Strip and UNLV campus. Sure, it's kind of in a sketch area, but the building is nice - and once inside, the decor and food are just great. They play bollywood movies or clips on the tvs and it's fun to watch while waiting for our food. 

Tonight our party of 4 was really hungry so we ordered our staples: vegetable samosas (2 for $4.50), garlic naan, basmati rice, matar paneer ($12.95); and 3 dishes we haven't had before: House Special Lamb Rogan Josh ($15.95), full Tandoori Chicken ($20), and Chicken Vindaloo ($14.95). 

We're wimps so everything was "mild" spicy but still very flavorful and delicious, with plenty of leftovers to take home. I like to try different things on the menu each time we're here, but would definitely order the Lamb dish again - fantastic flavor and tender!! I only wish I had room for dessert when I eat here!

 I always come here with a coupon to make the meal an even better deal (ended up being $21/person including tax) and the waiter always have to be reminded to take the discount. But I've always had good attentive service and great food here and that's why we keep coming back!
India Palace is an excellent alternative to nearby buffets on the Strip... and (generally speaking) far less expensive!  For about $12, you get a solid variety of popular Indian dishes (Chicken Tikka, Tandoori, Veggie Korma, Dosas, Basmati, Naan, Salad, and Desserts... to name a few), which all taste pretty good.  I have had Indian food all over the world, so that's a definite compliment from me.

Although the place was pretty clean and had decent decor, the service leaves some room for improvement.  The location is also a bit seedy, but understandable as it is on the outskirts of the Strip.  I also gagged when I discovered something that resembled a cockroach leg in my Masala.  After inspection, I'd like to give India Palace the benefit of the doubt even though I've never seen such a thing in the countless Masala dishes I've had; but nevertheless, it totally ruined my appetite... but not enough to not give India Palace a second chance.  

The lack of service and room for improvement on the curries (I have had better- Saagar in Newport Beach is a comparable place and is much better) led me to give 4 out of 5 stars.
Great food, being that I'm indian and have had my fair share of Indian food over the years.  The staff is friendly enough, no real quips there.  They did take a while after dropping off the check to come back and pick it up, but nothing major.  Water was filled constantly which was good.  The one star taken off was for parking.  There are very few spots and its kinda weird trying to get out as you drive around back and through the trash area if you park on the side.  But nothing major.  Still worth checking out.
We bought a Groupon to India Palace and decided to use it last night.

We ordered goat briyani, malai kofta, garlic naan, and mango lassi.

The meal started with the typical papadum and chutneys. The tamarind chutney was pretty decent. I'm not a big fan of tamarind, but this was better than the tamarind chutneys I've tried elsewhere. The mint chutney was also pretty good. They also had a pepper chutney which had a nice kick.

My wife thought the mango lassi was almost as great as at her favorite Indian restaurant.

The garlic naan was good. Not too burnt or chewy which I've found to be the case at many Indian restaurants.

The goat briyani was really good. It had a nice mix of flavors and textures. My wife really liked it until I told her it was goat. (She doesn't like goat and I ordered it while she wasn't listening.)

The briyani came with raita which was decent. 

The malai kofta was also enjoyable. The sauce was very flavorful and the "vegetable meatballs" had a nice texture.

The service was pretty slow, but overall it was a good experience, and I think I'll probably be back.
Really good lunch buffet! They had all my favorites, and were careful about keeping the vegetarian stuff and meat stuff separate. The ambiance here is very nice. The only reason I am giving four and not five stars is the location. It seemed very scary, even in the middle of the afternoon. I would not come here at night, especially not by myself. It's a shame such a nice place is in such a shady neighborhood. 

I've tried a few Indian places during various trips to Vegas, and I must say this was the best food for sure. The people working here are also very nice. Overall this was a good experience and I suggest trying this restaurant.
Every Indian in Las Vegas eats here. If you're not Indian and you want to eat where the Indians eat, this is it. It's the Bomb. and I don't mean Bay.

Everyplace else is like the toilet that kid hid in in the movie Slumdog compared to this.
Great service, and delicious food! Always seems to be plenty of staff on hand and your glass hardly ever gets below half full. The neighborhood isn't the best, but India Palace is worth going out of your way for.
My favorite indian place in town.
We visited on a random reco in January and were a bit sketchy because of the neighborhood (you have to call a cab for pickup) but we live in LA where usually the best restaurants are in a weird strip mall. 

The wait staff was terrific in recommending a bunch of options. We are vegetarians so we just asked what the house specialties were and had a fantastic set of 3 different dishes. We did hear another couple raving about some of the meat options so I bet those are stellar as well. Prices were very reasonable and it was only a $15 cab ride from City Center.

The staff was very friendly and we're going back the next time we're in Vegas.
I stopped today to try the lunch buffet.  What a great idea it was and thanks to my fellow Yelpers for their reviews that helped me make my decision.

The restaurant was almost empty when I arrived at 12:30.  Service was excellent and I know it would have been even if there were a lot of people there.

While I was looking the buffet over, the waiter brought me an iced tea as requested.  Shortly after returning to the table, another server brought me a basket of fresh naan.

Here's what I tried:

Vegetable pakora - good but not a lot of spice
goat curry - nice spice and very tasty
saag paneer with cheese - flavorful with a nice zing
basmati rice - standard
naan - plain and good
chana masala - excellent with a nice spiciness
bhindi masala - this was noted as a house favorite.  I didn't think there was anything special about the okra nor the potatoes and it lacked much flavor
navratan lorna - good
karahi lamb - nice flavor and good spice
chicken tikka masala - excellent
ras malai - excellent sweet to end this feast

Lest you worry that I cleaned the place out, let me assure you I didn't.  I took small portions of all these things just to try them.  Since I was alone, I had a great time watching the Bollywood Bang-Bang music videos on their TV screens.  

I'm anxious to come back for a relaxed dinner with friends and enjoy being served and trying some things on the evening menu that don't show on the buffet.
I visit Las Vegas about 4 times a year, and am always looking for unique restaurants.
 
Recently while visiting, I happened to ask my cab driver where I might find some good Indian food, and he directed me to this quaint restaurant called India Palace.  Their address is at 505 East Twain Ave. in Las Vegas. It's located just off the Strip, east of the Wynn casino.
 
The host of the restaurant was Surjit.  He was so pleasant, charming, and informative of the different dishes.  Each dish was a unique treat for me.  I wanted to share this information because not many tourist would be aware of this restaurant since it's not on the Strip.
 
This was quite a delightful experience for me both in the food and with the charming host, Surjit. This restaurant is definitely worth trying!
Went here to support a friend's event and stayed for dinner. The staff was very customer oriented and kept our glasses of water full and were checking in on a regular basis. I tried the bhel puri/chana chat which is chick peas, puffed rice, onions, and potatoes tossed in a tangy tamarind sauce. This was very fresh. My friend tried the fish tikka which was also very good.
I also tried:
dal makhani-pretty good
malai kofta-yummy
bhindi masala-it was good but very oily 
naan-both the garlic and plain naan very light and good
gulab jamun-yummy. this was very fluffy(not how gulab jamuns usually are so this was a pleasant change)
I was told that the chilli chicken was good too.

I would go and check this place out again!
Have been here thrice, always for their lunch buffet. The price is decent and the food is awesome. Their food is not too oily and they bring really fresh bread to your table. The ambience and the music is a nice touch too.

The mango pudding is so freaking delicious it takes you straight to heaven.
Very nice INDIAN restaurant... the food is fairly priced and AMAZING IN QUALITY.  BEST LAMB CHOPS AND CHICKEN TIKKA MASALA by far in VEGAS!!!  :)
Now this place has an awesome buffet. I was totally disappointed with Las Vegas Indian resturants and then made it to this one on the last day of our trip. Can't say enough about this place. The food was delicious, fresh, with enough variety and each dish was a pleasure to taste. The decor was nice and Indian and even the restrooms were clean. Very satisfied, highly recommend.
It was only okay to me, I had better Indian food. Customer service was very good though
For Las Vegas standards, this is fantastic Indian dining establishment.  The food is fresh and very tasty.  The saag paneer is subperb and the price is just right for the lunch buffet.     And no lunch would be complete without a bit of Bollywood in the background.
The food was very good, and I highly recommend mixing and sharing some dishes with those you come with. However, I must say that our server pressured us a lot, and made our eating experience very uncomfortable. For that reason, I don't see myself returning for another visit.
I love India Palace. It's located in a not so prime location but once you enter the restaurant, you forget what the exterior is like.  The atmosphere has an elegant feel to it but doesn't require a person dining to be dressed up.  The servers are all friendly and are very good at checking up on their patrons.  Their food is delicious!  I have tried their chicken tikka masala, chicken saag, lamb saagwala, goat curry, lamb briyani, samosas, and their naan bread (garlic is my favorite) and they were all so awesomely delish!  Don't forget to order a side a mango lassi cause theirs is definitely one the best in the valley!
What an awesome place. Ricky was awesome. owner was fantastic. We will be back for sure!!!! The food was really good, the place was clean and the staff was very attentive!
I couldn't leave Sin City without an Indian dinner. There are no Indian spots that I'm aware of in Henderson but the logistics of my visit had me spend the last night a few blocks East of the strip putting me in close proximity to several spots.

I chose IP since it was the closest and with car rental already returned I was walking it. Plus of my options it had the highest rating.

I had the Lamb Rogan Josh which the menu describes as "Kashmiri delicacy cooked with intensely hot & fragrant spices" which it was but it did not compete well with the LRJ I had in Philly. 

I did have something called 'Temrin Sauce' with the very thin wafer type cracker not Naan but if you've eaten Indian you know what my brain doesn't  but the Temrin Sauce was a treat t remember.

The goin out the door on IP is, I'm looking for a repeat of my LRJ experience in Philly and it could be IP's is more authentic and I'm simply DUH. There was a presence of Indian clientele so perhaps I am more DUH then IP is in authenticity. When I'm in these parts again I will give IP a try again
India Palace had catered a wedding at my work a month ago. Seeing the satisfaction of the native diners drew me to try this place out. I had originally wanted to use my groupon, but that offer cannot be combined with the lunch buffet. Instead, I opted for my sister to try some new dishes and determine new favorites. No fear about the unused groupon, next time I will return for dinner. Although I might have failed with my initial mission, the free mango lassi for my first check-in made up for it. The yogurt drink was a nice balance of tart and sweet. Really refreshing for the muggy weather we have been experiencing.

With the Fourth of July over, and done with, my meat intake had thrown me off balance. To offset the BBQ, no cuisine is better than Indian for when you feel like dining on good vegetarian friendly dishes. Did I choose to stay completely meat free? No, I could not resist a few pieces of goat in a curry sauce, a piece of tandoori chicken, and some chicken vindaloo. All of these dishes were fantastic. Nothing was overly salty or sweet. Instead they had strong herbal or spice accents that did not mask the meat. The cilantro chutney only intensified the sensations within my mouth. Now for the real reason why I love Indian food. The paag paneer was addictive and tasted wonderful with the fresh garlic naan. Nice pieces of cottage cheese were found throughout the creamy spinach mixture. The dhal curry was also a favorite. The complex spices in this yellow lentil soup is great over rice, or just eaten straight. Do not forget to help yourself to some kheer. This creamy rice pudding is thinner than the kind you will find in Mediterranean restaurants, but has slivers of almonds within. 

The buffet is open from 11:30-3:00 for a reasonable $11.99.
India Palace is the best Indian Restaurant to my taste in Las Vegas.

I have been going here for the past 8 years and have not once felt the food to be unsatisfactory and only once have I found one of the staff members to be difficult (He hasn't been there for years, however.).

To understand the reasons why they are the best would take me the better part of a book, so with the exception of a few highlights, I will encourage you to experience this food experience for yourself - altogether a more satisfying experience than reading any review!

First off, since they are a ubiquitous and primary form of Indian Food consumption, I have to rave about their lunch buffet.  At about $13, India Palace will cost you that extra dollar or two over Mint (which is more Nepalese, if I'm not mistaken), Mt. Everest or India Oven, but not even Ghandi's excellent fare is close in quality and variety.  Every day there is a pilaf, lentils, Tandoori Chicken, a Saag dish, a Korma, a Tikka, a Masala, a Salad, both Mango Custard and Kheer, Naan and Sauces (Raita, Tamarind, Mint and a few others.).  For a vegetarian, this is one of the best buffets for you.  The break down always has at least 4-5 vegetarian selections in addition to the rice and lentils - most others are not nearly as diverse.  For the carnivore, the selection is by no means meager - at least 1-2 chicken dishes plus tandoor and a lamb or goat dish.  Alone, the spread is great, but, having eaten here dozens of times, I have to comment that the clencher for me is the fact that I can't tell a difference in quality between the lunch food and the dinner food.  This can't be said, in my opinion, of others.  

Secondly, I find, despite the opinions of others, the dinner to be reasonably priced for the quality.  If you consider that Indian restaurants are usually priced well-above other non-European, Ethnic cuisines, it is easy to think of them as pricey, but the complexity of Indian curries and the time-to-cook makes them cheap if you compare them to a steak.  Also, if you consider the consistent quality of the food, India Palace is worth the extra buck you MIGHT pay over Bollywood or Mint.  Additionally, I find them to be cheaper than Tamba or Origin.

What can I say, I'm a huge fan!
Went here today for the first time and left happy.  I'm a relative newcomer to Sin City and am always satisfied when I try a new eatery with great results.  I had the lunch buffet and everything was fresh, tasty, and colourful without any nasty aftertaste (something I've experienced at other ethnic places).  My favourite dishes included the goat tikka masala and the saag paneer....the chutney was pretty good too, especially on top of the naan.  :) For about $12+tax, one can eat his or her fill of nicely spiced Indian food that is heavy on flavour and light on the grease.  Both vegetarians and carnivores have plenty of options with which to fill their bellies!  I plan on coming back again soon to try the dinner menu....
With a coupon from Restaurant.com, $25 off $50 makes dinner here affordable for us every few months.  For four people, we order the Mixed Curry Dinner ($26) and Vegetarian Dinner ($20) plus an appetizer if we're still hungry.  The Chicken Tikka Masala is my favorite by far, and the mango pudding is a great dessert.  I love the mint chutney, but sometimes it's a little too salty.  The service is always pleasant, but often too attentive with five different waiters checking on us.  I didn't know they offer a lunch buffet, so I plan on checking it out soon!
Four people, table service; two who really know and love Indian food and two who love *this* place (though I am unsure of the breadth of knowledge on the cuisine itself). 

SERVICE:

The service was fantastic. Vick really took care of us and, having waited on my friends for the past four years, exuded a certain cameraderie that really brought everyone together. He made recommendations, made sure we wanted for nothing, and kept the meal moving forward without making us feel rushed in any way.

FOOD:

The food was mostly good. Not great, but good. Tasty enough to share amongst friends over a couple bottles of wine, and some good conversation.

The paneer pakora (cheese squares made of 2 layers of cheese with some thin herb/veggie spread in between, then battered and fried) was disappointing. Maybe the squares are too big and cool off too fast; it quickly becomes a hunk of room-temperature fried cheese. It didn't make think of Indian food as much as any other fried cheese product around town.

The chicken pakora was much like the cheese; it seemed like any other fried chicken strip. The flavors want to be there, but it's just not executed well enough. Not impressed.

The samosas were really tasty. The crusts were flaky and the stuffing was generous and flavorful. Layered flavors, a great kick of spice, and the textures were good. A highlight, for sure.

The sauces (mint, tamarind, and chili) were fantastic! Really, really flavorful and fresh. We refilled our sauce dishes at least twice. Best part of the meal.

The chicken tikka masala was tasty. Not the best in town, but tasty. We ordered one medium and one hot. The hot was truly HOT... pushing the line of too much (and therefore hiding some of the flavors). Still, the flavors were good and the chicken was tender. 

The peas pulao (basmati rice with peas and cashews) was pretty damn good, actually. I tasted a bite with a little of everything and really loved the freshness, the combination of flavors. Great complement.

The breads were good (my companions had to try at least four kinds?). I tasted a few small bits here and there and found them good. Again, not great. But good, worth trying.

COST/VALUE:

The apps and bread are priced well, especially for groups who want to get a few things and share. The entrees, however, are overpriced for what we received: appetizer size at entree prices. The tikka masala was tiny for what they charge and the rice was a la carte (also a bit pricey for what you get). Bad juju there, as your "entree" becomes a $20+ dish but it's just not a $20+ place. It wasn't my dime, but $200 for a group of four is a bit excessive for a place like this, even considering the wine.

OVERALL:

 Food (and value of same) made me think it was a 2-2.5 (edible, but I have had much better...) but the service and atmosphere was easily a 4.5! So, a 3-star, A-OK experience. 

I *would* go again with my friends as they have a special affinity for this place... but I'll also take them somewhere else when it's my turn to choose.
Food is pretty good but service is not good at all. I went for lunch and didn't order the buffett - the staff acted all put out by that, and when I tried to order a dessert off the menu they said they'd check and see if they had it. It was OK but nothing special.
Stopped here for a quick to-go order for lunch on our last day at vegas before driving to airport....got vegetable Biryani.....and that was awesome, wish we had known about this place earlier, would have definitely tried the buffet and other  dishes. the dinning area looked good and the hosts were very warm too. Would surely visit whenever in vegas the next time.
I LOVE India Palace! Best Indian place to eat in my own humble opinion.   

BUT. I suggest you to try their lunch buffets before you decide for yourself. They have goat curry, which is total awesomeness. Their garlic Naan bread is the best I've ever tasted in my entire life. They bring it out all fresh too!  The staffs are SUPER sweet. 

I wouldn't eat dinner there though....especially if you are a girl... This restaurant is located at a pretty shady area.  If you really want to come at night, you should bring pepper spray and/or a taser with you.

I also wouldn't come here if you're a vegetarian. The veggie dishes taste and look boring to me...Sorry. I focus on meat. 

Parking sucks also. Don't park there if they have a truck there to restock their kitchen. Being the Asian female driver I am...I couldn't back out my car. So....a waiter had to do it for me. Yes. I know. Very embarrassing.....
We r regulars here and we enjoy the food as always. Delicious fish tandoori platter and I love the dosa. We always request for Gary to serve us because he cater to our needs. Thanks Gary for being amazing and awesome as always.
Excellent with a capital X. I've been fairly content with all of the Indian food I've tried in Vegas. But somehow, India Palace managed to blow me away.

I came in here to finally use a long-standing Groupon with Kris J before he moved out of town. We ordered Saag Paneer, Navratan Korma, and Chicken Makhani. If you know me at all, you know that I love my Butter Chicken! IP's Makhani failed to disappoint. It was creamy, tender, and oh so delicious. I'm so enamored by Butter Chicken, I feel like I basically ignore every other dish that the culture has to offer. I'm glad I had such an IP connoisseur with me. The Paneer and Korma--both Kris's selections--were outstanding! I'm not quite sure what it is, but there's something about IP's food that just ever-so-slightly sets them apart from the crowd.

The one weird thing about the visit? It seemed like we had five different servers waiting on us and they all lined up behind the scenes to take their turn to come over and ask if we had everything we needed. It's not a bad thing. It was just comical.

I wish I had bought more Groupons now.
The food is awesome and the service is good. Waiters were very friendly. I am disappointed in the lunch prices. I was hoping for a quick lunch with my daughter for less then $20 bucks and the two times we went spent near $27.  Parking is also limited.
I never know what I will get when I go to India Palace.  Will the rice be crunchy and dry?  Will it take the waiter 30 minutes to give me my check after my plates are cleared?  Will I get stabbed? Generally, the answer is no, which makes it one of the better Indian spots in town.

But, don't get too excited. The lunch buffet is the only reason to come here.  Dinner is incredibly overpriced ($20 for a vegetarian platter is crazy, crazy).   Why spend $15-20 for one bland dish for dinner when you can get the lunch AYCE selection of bland dishes for less than $20?.  Save your dinner pennies for something better -- this is not the best Indian you will ever have, no matter what the Review Journal says.

Bright spots on the menu include Lamb Korma (lamb in a creamy, coconuty sauce), Aloo Gobi (sauteed potatoes and cauliflower) and Saag Paneer (creamed spinach with homemade cheese).   I also like their renovations, they've greatly improved the atmosphere.

Sad spots include burned naan, rather bland food, small servings of rice (with dinner entrees), and dirty looks from waiters when ordering mixed pickles and chutney (I have no idea what that's all about either).  

I'd only recommend India Palace if you happen to be driving along Twain during lunchtime.
Interesting place. We brought a restaurant.com coupon and there were three of us. Service was... interesting. While I like attentive servers, this guy was a little TOO attentive. It was almost like he was another dinner guest, he was always at our table. We appreciated the suggestions he gave us for starters but it felt a little pushy and too much like an upsell. The Shahi Paneer was pretty good (that's my standard order, some kind of paneer). The kulfi was good, but not as good as Mint. I may come back but there are a lot of great Indian places much closer to me, so maybe not.
Over priced and the entrees are served in very small portions.
The BF and I have been trying all the Indian lunch buffets about town. 

The buffet was overall decent. The spread was fairly good with Navarathan Korma being the definite star. It was creamy and flavorful with crunchy veggies. A close second was the chicken makhani as the chicken was moist. Some of the other offerings were good, but other than what I mentioned, pretty standard.  

The service is really friendly and very attentive so major points for that. Didn't need to ask for refills and plates were cleared right away. We were checked on often.

I think I prefer this over the other much talked about Namaste, but it cannot beat Mint for me.
My first time here. The restaurant itself is big and spacious but their parking lot sucks, so make sure you're not driving a big car. I'm good at back up parking my truck but it was really difficult turning around anywhere in this mini parking lot.

The food was EXCELLENT. I had the Chicken Tikka Masala and my bf had the Tandoori Fish (all sizzling). We also got the Peas Pulau rice which is rice mixed with peas, almonds and cashews (Sounds weird you say? i know but man is it yummy). We also had 2 different appetizers that are like bread stuffed potato and the other is bread stuffed with minced lamb. Those smelled like yummy cheesy pizza when it came out. lol. The potato one was alright, I dig the lamb one much more. For dessert we got Mango Custard and wow, it was good! 

Pricing is somewhat expensive. All the main dishes are about $14 and up. My small bowl of chicken masala was $15 (eeep!)  We did order a sandwich (that almost like a greek gyro) for the bf's brother in the kids menu section and for only $3 it was a footlong. So its give and take, some dishes are expensive and some aren't.

But I would definitely come back here. =)
This place was great. Excellent service, large portions, great prices on alcohol and very friendly. Will be back.
I've been coming here for the last 10 years and I have yet to have disappointing food or service.  I agree the service can border on being overly attentive at times.  Everybody is warm and friendly and eager to have you as a guest.  I can heartily recommend India Palace to both vegetarians and carnivores alike.  I've visited with a large group of vegetarians and there were nothing but compliments.  So now the food:

The thing to start with, especially with a group is the assorted naan breads.  My favorites include Keema which is naan with minced lamb, Garlic and Poori which is fried whole wheat bread.  The naan rounds out what seem to some as small portions.  When you have naan, your entree of choice with the aromatic Basmati rice you have a very generous serving of food.

No matter what you order, I recommend getting rice as a nice complement to the sauces and curries.  I'm not a vegetarian, but enjoy the spices of the Channa (chickpeas) Masala.  The goat Saag in spinach and herb is delicious.  The meat is so tender and juicy it can best most steaks.  I can say that about the chicken and lamb as well.

To top it off, India Palace serves a great selection of beers from India including Hayward 5000, Taj Mahal and King Fisher.  I find Taj Mahal the most refreshing almost sweet tasting, and it goes well if you like your food spicy.

Bottom line: very attentive service, delicious variety, very tender, very juicy meats and Indian beer.  You can tell the ingredients are high quality and worth the upscale price.
**Summary**
       - Flavor - Probably one of my favorite India restaurants in town. The lamb is tender and not overcooked like other places.
       - Price/Portions - The prices are on par with other Indian restaurants but the portions are definitely a lot smaller.
       - Locale - The restaurant is located in a pretty bad neighborhood and the parking lot is dimly lit.
       - Decor - Though it might not look it from the outside, the inside is quite nice.
       - Lunch Buffet - They have a lunch buffet for $11.95 which I think is a way better deal. Moreover, I wouldn't want to be in that neighborhood at night anyway.
**Ordered**
       - $14.95 Chicken Tikka Masala - Creamy and delicious, this curry is a must try.
       - $15.95 Lamb Rogan Josh - The lamb was tender. The curry was a tomato base and wasn't as thick as other curries.
       - $2.95 Garlic Naan - Your standard garlic naan, fluffy and soft.
       - $3.95 Cheese Naan - They added cheese to regular naan. It kinda tasted like a cheese pizza, but better.
**Recommendations**
       - I'd definitely recommend this place. However, if you don't mind which meal, I'd say go to the lunch buffet for a wider selection and a way better deal.
This place is solid.. the food is good and a couple of hose Indian beers will lay u away. The key to enjoyment is the Tandoori Chicken Tika.. as hot as they will do it.. very very good.. butter chicken.. very good. nan. rockin..

The owner is cool.. and this place really hs great food. Get anything fish, lamb, fish .. tandoori.. it rocks.. enjoy!
I have been there 4 times. Each time I come away thinking I should have started to eat Indian food sooner.  Our server was Vic.  He was very helpful and friendly.  This is a place I will come back to.  I think the pricing is a little high, but I always come away satisfied with my evening.
Well...

On a whim my friends and I were looking for a good place to eat and someone suggested India Palace. Having heard the good reviews over the years, we decided to give it a try. I checked the yelp app on my phone and saw that with 'check-in' on the app you get 1 free appetizer or cocktail with purchase. The reviews were also favorable so in we went. We arrived at 5pm and the place was seemingly in between shifts so we were sat promptly. 

I noticed on signage that there were Happy Hour specials until 6pm so I asked the hostess about them. She replied, "Happy Hour? Why not? .. You can get buy 1 get one free on appetizers. " Great, It was about the same as the deal on the app so we ordered. 

We had Veggie and Lamb Samosas, very nice as well as a few other items including garlic naan bread, Chicken Briyani, (Chicken mixed with Basmati rice with spices, cashews & vegetables) and Chicken Tikka Masala, (Tandoori white chicken marinated in yogurt & spices, simmered in a creamy tomato sauce.) Pretty standard stuff. We even opted for some traditional desserts and Indian Beer.

All in all the food was really good and tasty and I was very satisfied and full. Service was a bit off, but I think that may have been due to the language barrier, and sometimes the server would suggest an item, and then bring something else. In this case he offered a couple of different beers and then brought something altogether different. It wasn't a huge deal as the beers were good and 3 of us were sharing so they went fast.

What was strange was when the bill arrived, I asked again about the Happy Hour specials, as the bill had not been adjusted. Our server was no where to be found and the server presenting the check had no idea what I was talking about. I got up to ask the hostess that seated us about the specials, (she was the one that said "why not",) and she acted as though she didn't know what I was talking about.. then reluctantly adjusted the bill. 

The 'new' server brought over the adjusted bill and seemed pretty aggravated at me. Possibly for asking about the discount? I don't know but it was not a happy presentation of the new check. We paid and left. 

I would go again, possibly for a buffet situation, as I wasn't completely satisfied with the service, but the food was very good. I think at least one of my friends wouldn't return due to the service. We weren't asking much but the hasty and unhappy presentation of out adjusted bill kind of put us off a bit. Like I said though, we liked the food, so who knows :)

You should know that India Palace is on a very sketchy part of Twain Ave. It is literally always surrounded by police cars and as we pulled into the parking lot of the restaurant. No less than 4 police cars with sirens blaring were pulling 3 guys out of a car next door and had them pinned to the ground at gunpoint. I mention it, because I know the neighborhood well, and this has to be one of the less savory sections. I just wouldn't want a tourist to stop in and be surprised but commotions such as an arrest at gunpoint in a connecting parking lot.

Happy Eating!
Just awesome
This is my favorite Indian restaurant in Las Vegas. I have tried many others, but India Palace has consistently the best food. The new decor is a plus, too. Favorite items include Shrimp Biryani, Vegetable Samosas, Dal Makani, Aloo Gobi, Tandoori Chicken, and Garlic Naan. They also have the best Tamarind Sauce.
GET the Rogan Josh! Had dinner here with a couple of close friends. I'm glad my buddy recommended this spot because we had quite an Indian feast.
Great food and great service. I go for the buffet and it's always a wide selection of food. Love the chicken makhni and the fresh hot naan! Lassi was a Lil on the sweet side.
Pretty darn good Indian food, service can be slow, the buffet is pretty good as well. It has gotten really expensive over the years all things considered. The neighborhood is a little bit strange too so make sure you lock your car doors.
My girlfriend and I ate here tonight.  We had a restaurants.com coupon and needed to spend $50 to get $25 off.  

  We started out with a bread basket with cheese, garlic and lamb naans, and onion kulcha.  The lamb naan was particularly tasty, but all four were fresh, hot and flavorful.  

    We then had the vegetable pakora, which was like deep fried vegetable fritters.  They were nice and crispy  

   My girlfriend, having Indian food for the first time, went with the safe choice of the chicken tikka.  Just about right spice-wise for her and she enjoyed the dish.  I, however had the lamb pasanda.  I ordered it with a spice level of 7 out of 10.  It came out perfect for my spicy taste.  It had a nice bite without overpowering the exotic flavorful blend of spices in the sauce. 

  All in all, we loved the food.  The service was a bit slow, even though there was only one other table of people when we got there.  The waiter also tried to change my mind when I made my entree selection, which was a bit annoying.  Apparently he thought a different dish would have been better suited to me.  The decorum was very nice, until you got to the tv hanging on the wall.  It kind of ruined the mood set by the lighting and the paintings.  Price wise we got a LOT of food for $50, enough to feed 4 people, but we will enjoy the leftovers.  I'd definitely go back.
Vegas has a gazillion restaurants to choose from, so the list of places that I want to visit is quite extensive. I definitely knew that wanted to go to a place that would have more locals than tourists. After running through my list and seeing the great Yelp reviews, I finally decided on India Palace.

Wow, I was not disappointed! Started the meal off with the Vegetable Pakora and the Onion Bhaji. The Onion Bhaji, which are onions dipped in spicy batter and then deep fried, was amazing!!! It had the perfect amount of spiciness to start with, and when I felt like upping the spice meter, I just added a little of that really hot dipping sauce. I don't know the name of that sauce, but you know, the one that burns your mouth off.

I went for my usual Chicken Vindaloo for my main course. Chicken Vindaloo is chicken cooked in a hot spicy sauce with diced potatoes, and of course, you can request the level of spiciness. I went for "hot"! To die for... it was sooo good!!! It was so spicy that I started sweating while eating it....yeah, that's some good shit! I gobbled this down with some garlic naan and cheese naan, and was quite full. I didn't even have room for dessert, which is usually required in my book.

When I checked in, I unlocked a Yelp coupon code, which they pleasantly honored. The service was absolutely awesome! Nice, quick, and always a smile.

Will be going back!
Excellent Indian food in Vegas. A much more upscale place than most of the other Indian restaurants (many are mall spots). 

Naan, korma and saag were all excellent and a little on the spicy side. I would definitely recommend this place if you are looking for Indian food in Vegas and don't mind spending a few dollars more for better ambiance.
The Saag Paneer is fantastic!! The spices are perfectly blended, but I was bummed they sent the appetizers (we got takeout) in a Styrofoam container so everything was soggy and not that tasty. In spite of the appetizer drawback the customer service is impeccable! I'll be back for sure.
I met up with my indian friend here for the lunch buffet.

If you get the tendori chicken while it's fresh it can't be beat.  They have this deep fried veggie ball that when paired with the chutnay is magicial.  The naan is always fresh and amazing.

The only problem is it's a buffet and most everything had been sitting out for a while.  The rice was old, the chicken marsala was over salted, and the goat was still chewy with many splintered bones.  

Kheer is amazing.  But you needed to asj for gulab.  If they have it you won't be dissappointed.
Good service, good atmosphere, average $12 per entree.
Having returned from a 3wk trip in northern India about a month ago, I was disappointed with the food.
* Mattar Paneer was alright - the peas seemed to be the frozen kind, very sweet.
* Chicken curry was too salty
* Goat Rogan Josh was good
* Rice and Garlic Naan were good.

My Indian coworker recommended Mint - I guess I'll try that one next.
India Palace is the most authentic Indian food in Las Vegas, probably one of the best in US. Excellent food quality, very good service, friendly staff, esp Gary and Many. They remember us each time we visit. Their catering is very well priced and he sends lots of food, not to mention very tasty. Their best creations are chicken tikka masala, malai kofta, paneer tikka and paneer tikka masala. Downsides Food is on the pricier side. Buffet could be more variety... its usually same stuff. I prefer their Ala Carte.
This experience has virgin all over it.  The first time for real indian food. The first time at India Palace.  I can say that the it was extremely pleasant. The food was very good. I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala (medium spice). There was no hint of HOT, but the chicken was smokey and the sauce was delicious.  My husband ordered the Lamb Rogan Josh (medium spice). Again, not HOT, but delicious. We ordered the Aloo Tikki, a side of Peas Pulao and Garlic Naan.  We left no crumbs behind.  I will add, the hotest food I had that night was one of the three suaces that came with the flat bread.

The atmosphere was just right for my husband and I out for date night.  They had recently (within the last two years) renovated the place and it was nice. The neighborhood is in an older part of town, but close enough to the strip.

Although I have nothing to compare this too, I felt the need to express our satisfaction and desire to try the cuisine again and again.
Enjoyed service and most of the items on buffet.  Dosas and left more to be desired.
We all enjoyed the food at India Palace.  It was the best Indian food we ever had.  The service was also great.  My girlfriend had the Tandoori Dinner and I had the Mixed Curry Dinner.  Both had real wonderful flavors and soaked everything up with naan.  We had a separate order of raita.  I don't think it came with our dinner dishes.  Overall, we had great experience and the food was just wonderful.  We would visit again when we return to Vegas.
The food is fantastic.  The staff is attentive and polite.  We had the vegetable samosa and onion kulcha to start.  Followed by chicken tikka masala (really good) and a mushroom dish that I cant remember the name of but we thought it could've been a little more spicey hot for our taste, but was still good.  We also had rice with peas and nuts with various spices.  The dips they serve when you sit down are tasty.  One spicy hot pepper, one sweet, and the other a mint.  Overall everything was very tasty, and they didn't seem to use too much salt like most restaurants do.  It's a bit far from where we live but will be worth the trip back.
The best Indian food in Las Vegas!  We finally got a chance to try India Palace, and it did not disappoint!  For appetizers we had the veggie samosas and the onion kulcha.  The samosas were fantastic, the onion kulcha very good but I would probably try something else next time. We had chicken tikka masala and matar mushroom for entrees, both were scrumptious.  
   The food was on the spicy side in general, which we love.  Funniest part of the evening was after we'd been munching on the papadums with various sauces, one of the sauces was extremely spicy, and we told the waitress/hostess we'd like to have our entrees just as spicy.  She looked at us and said "You're white, right??"  I almost fell off my chair!  Apparently most Caucasians don't request their food spicy, all the better for us.   
     Everything was reasonably priced and evocative of the fantastic Indian restaurant we'd left behind when we moved here from New Jersey.  This is THE best Indian in Vegas, hands down.
Excellent
The decor is contemporary and comfortable.  A bit more ventilation and more lighting would be good.  It's hard to read the menu in the dark!  Warning: You really do come out of there smelling heavily scented with the spices... but not in a good way.... unless you like wearing Eau De La India afterwards.

So, onto the food:
Veggie Samosas:  The skin was a bit thick.  Not puffy & airy like I'm used to.

Sambar Vada:  The fried lentil donut had a very thick texture.  I've never this before, but I would've enjoyed it more if it tasted less dense.  The sambar had a nice flavor.  I don't think I could've eaten the donut without it.

Mom ordered the Tandoori Chicken dinner:
The chicken is less smoky and had less tandoori seasoning than other places.  (Those of you used to smoky & lots of seasoning will be disappointed.)  The white meat was cooked perfectly, but the dark meat was a bit underdone near the bones.
The dinner came with saag paneer (good), mixed veggies (spices didn't agree with me... something with a ginseng taste in it & I don't think they pulled the sinewy parts off the snap peas), and soup (flavorless).  The mango custard never came & we didn't bother to ask because we were too full.

I ordered the Chicken Sagwala.  Well, for $14.95, you would expect to get more than just a few chunks of chicken.   The bowl was just slightly a bit larger than the side dish of saag paneer my Mom received with her dinner.   

Garlic Naan:  good

Overall, it was ok.  I would go back again to try the buffet just to see if they had a dish that could out do the dinner I had.
Tonight was the second time my husband Duncan and I ate here.  It was even better than the first time.  We had a great deal off of Groupon that included 2 entrees, 2 glasses of wine and rice.  We ordered an appetizer that i cant remember the name of but had a really good cold yogurt sauce, and almost tasted like dessert.  We ordered The Okra and chicken curry both Extra extra spicy. I said I wanted to breathe fire, lol.  It was perfect!  The dinner actually got spicier as we ate.  We also had leftovers to take home.  Thank you we will be back.  And as a side note especially if you use "groupon" people, be sure to tip generously!
Recently I had been here with my family. Being a south Indian we were craving for authentic south Inidan food and were delighted to find this place in yelp. We were 7 and all of us relished the food. Service was great. Kids especially " liked the tandoori chicken.
If it weren't for a groupon offer, I would have kept on driving by this restaurant. It's not in the greatest neighborhood, so I never would have gave it a second thought.

However, I am glad we took a chance and we highly enjoyed our meal tonight. 

We ordered chicken korma, chicken tikka masala, 2 orders of garlic naan, and 1 plain naan.

Both curries we flavored just right. We ordered medium, but could've have handled a bit more kick in both curries. Naans were yummy as well - soft and fluffy. Garlic naan just had the right amount of garlic. 

The place was quite busy tonight, however service was not lacking. Nicely decorated interior as well.

I'd recommend this place if you were in the area and are in the mood for Indian.
Lunch buffet is delicious!  If samosas were on the line it would be 6 stars!
I ordered food from them on-line and was shocked to find that the chicken tikka masala did NOT include rice and was $14.95!!!! Absolutely outrageous.
Delicious food and great company!  I was visiting Vegas for a convention and was craving Indian food.  I saw on yelp that they were doing a special offer and dined here.  Totally worth it!  Can't wait to come back!
I have been to Las Vegas so many times but had never come across this place until this past April.  I am very happy I did.  The restaurant is clean. We made it for a weekend buffet. There were many vegetarian options. Just the only complaint I would have is that the pakoras were not so fresh and the dosa was cold.  But that would not stop me from returning. 

I found the wait staff to be quite attentive and friendly.  I would definitely return on my next trip.
Very good vegetarian options for dinner and great service with easy access from the strip. Nice wine list if you don't mind buying a bottle (if you don't drink it all you can take it with).
I've had many Indian meals and the Indian Palace has great authentic food, friendly staff, and a family atmosphere.  We will back for sure!  Try the chicken korma and/or masala - they were both uniquely spiced and ohhh sooo good.
The management seems to know the formula for a good dining experience here if you're looking for a decent priced, tasty Indian buffet 

Lunch buffet: Good food particularly liked the goat curry and lentils. The naan was good too. The desert section is missing those delicious popular Indian sweet meats, but their rice pudding was decent. 

They told us their meats are HALAL, which is a huge plus for us. 

Our experience: We arrived at 2:30 p.m. and the buffet would close at 3 pm, but the server was friendly and quick. They were able to refill a few of the dishes for us. Shortly after, about six more people came for the buffet so the staff refilled more buffet items. If you come late, please check out the buffet first and request your favorites to be replenished. 


Tip: I used a check-in coupon from Yelp and promptly received a delicious, cold mango lassi. Don't miss out.
This was one of the best Indian restaurants I have even been to... certainly the best in Las Vegas.
The food was delicious. Very friendly hosts and nice ambiance. Price was just right too.
Glad we found this Gem.... highly recommended.
India Palace is my favorite Indian restaurant in Vegas.  My favorite dishes are the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Chicken Makhani.  The cheese naan and garlic naan are also excellent.  The servers are friendly and helpful with recommending dishes, especially our favorite server Garry.  We use certificates from Restuarant.com every time we go to save money.
Great food!  Such great ambiance and I am a total India food foodie.  If you are looking for a great place to eat Indian food in Vegas...  THIS is your SPOT, because it hits the SPOT trust me!  You will be glad you ate here.  :-)
We frequent this place for the lunch buffet which is one of the better ones we've tried in this city, which is why they deserve a 4. The only downside is that this was the first time we've come here for dinner and the service was great at first but ended up being really slow towards the later part of our meal. We waited 15 minutes for our second order of naan. It's safe to say we will not return for dinner but will definitely come back for the lunch buffet.
1 star for free mango lassi thru yelp checkin. 
Below average food, uncleaned plates and glasses. Bad service. No water was given for the first round of buffet had to ask for it.  Very unhappy not recommended. THe guy with specs at the bar has a very bad attitude.
We had ordered chicken tikka masala, dal makhani and naan there. It was simply YUM!!! Daal was tooo good!!! The lady of the place was really nice to us... Its definitely a to-go place for us on our next trip to Las Vegas...
Ah, the site of my first Indian experience.  I remember it fondly.  It may have been almost two years ago but the taste of curry lingers long in my soul.  It was a rainy night in October of 2010 and I had a Groupon half priced offer.  So I grabbed a friend and went.  He had tried Indian previously and knew to order the garlic naan.  Delicious.  He ordered Tikka Masala.  I ordered Chicken Sagwala.  Both were quite good.  I ordered mine with medium spice.  It provided that great warming sensation without being too spicy.  Though I did need some Tums shortly after.  The meal started with the aforementioned naan as well as something I can best describe as Indian chips and salsa.  Crispy little pieces of flat bread with three different sauces.  One was very strong with the red chili flavor.  One was heavy on the mint.  The third I recall as being sweeter and almost fruity.  All very good.  I was surprised at how much food I received.  I was very full afterwards.  I had to walk around the Boulevard Mall for a while before continuing on the my next stop (see my review for Hofbrauhaus).  After eating at India Palace, I knew I was hooked.  The flavors are intense but balanced so well.  I drive by some times when in the University neighborhood and I am always tempted to stop in. I am usually short on time and cash though.  In any case, the food was great when I went.  The service was okay.  The restaurant was clean and comfortable.  A good first experience.
We were in town for an event and had the chicken tikka masala, the samosas, the orange drink with yogurt, the garlic naan and the fried fish.  Loved it all. Mostly like that it was romantically lit, and the service was ok.  I love trying different things.
Having previously lived for yrs in s california I've learned not to judge a restaurant by its neighborhood. This certainly applies with India Palace, as its Twain/Maryland neighborhood leaves everything to be desired. Yet this excellant little place has had me returning over & over for yrs.  Seems like they've never changed their chefs, as the top notch food quality and its uniqueness has not wavered at all.  Service, cleanliness and pleasantness of staff also should be praised.
I wasn't super impressed with the India Palace buffet. They had a few interesting selections that I don't usually see at Indian buffets (like malai kofta- yum!), and also a few things that just looked downright unappetizing (the haleem looked really, really unappetizing- and my husband confirmed my suspicions when he, braver than I, gave it a try- it was gross). The chutneys were weird and it was hard to track down a server when we needed a drink refill or something. The malai kofta was tasty, though, as well as a chicken dish I sampled and I liked the inclusion of samosas on the buffet... but the gulab jamun tasted like soap and chemicals and overall I just got a weird vibe. We won't be back.
Having just moved to Vegas and missing my favourite Indian restaurant back home, we gave India Palace a try, using  a restaurants.com  coupon.
We started with appetizer plate - 5 appetizers of your choice.  I had a lichi martini and my hubby ordered the beer recommended by our waiter.  Everything was awesome! 
We then ordered Lamb Rogan Josh and Goat Curry, basmati rice and garlic naan.
It was all sooooo good!  Very fresh, very flavourful.  Nice, clean restaurant, with lovely atmosphere and wonderful wait staff.  Waiter then directed us to YELP for the coupon here.
Can't wait for my next craving!
Restaurant was nice looking inside for a small place. Service was slow and it wasn't so busy. Food was OK. Maybe Indian food is just not our thing. The mango lassi drink was delicious at least.
I have been going to India Palace for the last 12 years. The team at India Palace even catered our wedding. The food is outstanding and I have eaten at a lot of places in town. The Chicken Tikka Masala is the house dish that is the best. They have put a lot of money into the restaurant and it is way better than what it was a few years ago. If you have not had Indian food before then go during lunch and try and buffet. You can get a little bit of everything.
It was ok.

I wouldn't go to the place again though.
Food was awesome, but this place is kind of expensive ($13 for a Vegetarian dish). We ended up paying $55+ for three Vegetarian dishes, garlic naan and a side of rice, plus a Mojito and a mango lassie (I will say that their mango lassie is a killer! Loved it.) But, in order not to pay so much, take advantage of Yelp's deal! ($15 for $30!). We've used it and the price came out reasonable.
India Palace hit the spot right on the head. We had the Chicken Vindaloo, garlic naan, and Lamb Tikka Massala. They'll ask you for the spiciness level and on scale of 1-10, we got a 9 and it really wasn't that bad. Add on the house sauces and we were stuffed and satiated. The only problem here was using the Yelp deal ($15 for $30) -- perhaps it came at a point of confusion for the manager and waiters but it took a little bit for the deal to be honored. In the end, it was all fine. Just be careful to have your voucher information and yelp deal marked as redeemed to show them as proof.
The service and food could not have been better. I love to eat, so I know.
Hands down the best Indian Food in Las Vegas, total flavor, authentic, full bar. Loved it, am going back!!
Having lived in both southern and northern California, I found the food to be good but not great.  4 stars because I know how crappy the other Indian food in Vegas is.  3 stars because the service was not very good, and the manager argued with me about the bill after I claimed 2 separate Yelp offers (neither claimed they had to be used exclusively, and they took the order with no issue when I showed them the offers I was planning on using).  The daals were the best part of the meal.
India Palace is our favorite Indian restaurant in Las Vegas. The vegetable pakoras and samosas are delicious and they make the BEST malai kofta we have ever had. Every dish that we have eaten there (and we have eaten there a lot!) has been delicious so it makes it hard to choose just one dish! And don't forget the garlic naan - amazing!
We went here for lunch last weekend during our Vegas trip and what a let down this place has been. When we walked in there was no one there to direct us to the buffet or a table so we decided to just stand in line and pick up our food after which we had to search for a table and sit ourselves down. We flagged a server and asked for water which came almost at the end of our meal.

The food did not have any flavor at all and we felt that we were just stuffing our stomachs rather than enjoying a meal. The masala dosa was uncooked, tandoori chicken bland and i cannot even define the taste of the butter chicken. Finally we decided that you cant go wrong with dal rice but that again was under seasoned and tasteless. The sweet dish mentioned a mangao custard but it felt like thick mango nectar that was sweetened to the point of being inedible.

When the host was informed by one of our group members that the food could have been better he was arrogantly told that the food is purposefully kept bland to suite the taste requirements here. Well it is not about the spiciness of food but the taste that was non existent so we just decided to laugh and walk away.
Tried the lunch buffet this time and I was meh, okay. 

No much food selection but I did get to try a few new things that I liked. 

Service sucks of course and there is one waiter that I just do not like because of his personality I guess. Just seems like he doesn't give a shit but it's probably like going to a chinese place and the waitress being mean because that's just their personality. He wasn't mean or anything, just seemed like he wasn't interested in helping or that I was annoying him.
I walked down here form the LVCC after a long day on the Consumer Electronics Show floor, and was pleasantly surprised.   The naan was tasty, the Navratan Korma a little different than what I'm used to, but still quite yummy- and the staff was attentive.

Wait.  No.

The staff was attentive until I tried to pay my bill.  That bit was sort of weird.  They were there JUST enough to perfectly take care of me but not be over-bearing.......until I tried to give them money.  One pint off for the long time I had to try to flag someone down to give them my debit card.

I'd definitely visit again- but next time, may just pile some cash on the table and wander out un-noticed when I'm done.
The chicken tikka masala, and well, everything else here tastes amazing! However, I am severely allergic to cashews, and I told our server this. He said they could make the masala for me without cashews...but they forgot or something. So I had a pretty bad allergic reaction at the table that left me sick for two days. I haven't been back since because I'm scared, but if you like curry, and aren't allergic to cashews, you should definitely check this place out. The first two bites of that tikka masala were (almost) to die for!
Great please!!!!
The food is really good.
Delicious! I've never been a big fan of Indian cuisine, but my meal here was excellent. I had the Lamb Rogan Josh with the peas pulao rice and a side of garlic naan. Everything was fresh and delicious. The lamb rogan josh in particular was very well balanced with the seasoning and the lamb was tender.

One word of caution, the surrounding neighborhood is a little sketchy so be careful walking there at night.
The food is really good and authentic. Always consistant. If you don't like your food too spicy I would recommend less than a 3 on the scale of 1-10. I asked for a 3 and the food was HOT. They have a loyal following in Las Vegas. I believe it's one of the best places for Indian in Las Vegas. My other favorite in Las Vegas is Ghadhi. 

PROS: 
Chicken Korma - mildly spiced chicken in a cream sauce with cashews, almonds & raisins
Baingan Bharta - tandoor baked eggplant sauted with herbs & spices
Rack of Lamb - baby lamb chops marinated in yogurt & spices cooked in tandoor

CONS: Portions are small.
Great place !!!!  Diamond in the ruff !!!
India Palace just doesn't stack up to the other lunch buffets in town.

The decor is nice. (Misti mentioned MTV India on the TV, which is really cool!) The buffet selection can be more interesting than our perennial favorite, Mint. And having samosa on the buffet is always nice. But the service was sketchy and the flavors felt diluted compared to Mint or Mt. Everest.

I would really love to find a truly great Indian lunch buffet in town but this just isn't it.
Food was ok. Never expect amazing food from any of the India Palaces and Taj Mahals. There was a private party going on and the kids were running around, yelling and misbehaving. The restaurant should have closed admission to general public or have asked the private party for courtesy.

Service was good, food was mediocre. We went because this was the closest place and everything else had waiting. Rightfully so.
We always come in here for their buffet. Good food and costumer service.
This is a fairly small restaurant but the decor is nice and the service is friendly.

Their chicken tikka massala is very good, with a great tandoori flavor on the chunks of chicken.  They have a lot of traditional items on the menu as well, not just westernized dishes.

When I get a craving for Indian, this is the place I go.
Awesome indian food and service.
No one loves Indian food more than me! it's my chill grub when I want to just veg out and enjoy a good movie. The folks here at IP know how to do it best!

I had placed my order over the phone not knowing what to expect flavor-wise but following my motto of "try something new every day!" ... once I entered inside the restaurant was jam-packed which I took as a sign of great food!

Ricky greeted me, took down my name, asked if I had ever been there before and made me feel welcome. Although I was just ordering a variety of my fav appetizers he asked if I was using any of the discounts offered thru the app. I suggested that I'd save those for a larger order and he mentioned if I do use it in the future to ask for him for any additional discounts that can be offered!

Also, Ricky reminded me of my "free mango lassi with check-in" ... he was very prompt with their Yelp offerings and I appreciate that! After all that's how I found them. 

Quality and flavors of the food are easily 5 stars in my book! and I wouldn't hesitate to return in the future. 

The only downside is that the parking lot is small and there were a ton of taxi cabs picking up & dropping off. space is limited but once you taste the food you'll understand why. 

"hole in the wall" establishments always turn out to be the very best! Try it today.
It was a great time being at India Palace. I love the food and service both. Particular, Gary is the guy who provide us excellent service whenever I been here with my friends. He always recommend us few things and we enjoy 'em all. Thank you very much Gary, we truly like your service. I strongly recommend to visit this place if you fond of Indian food.
Great food! Courteous staff. Good service. I had the chicken masala dish. Very flavorful. Don't be afraid to ask for spicy.
I'd say the food was very good and the service was excellent. They had two yelp deals going and we were able to use both of them with no problem. The chicken masala was very good, though a little on the salty side, and the chicken sagwala was also good but could have used a little more flavor. The mango lassi and paratha were both top notch. That said, neither of us were disappointed and I'd definitely come back here.
This is my first foray into Indian cooking here in Las Vegas. So I have to say Im very impressed with the scope of the menu as with the freshness and flavors of the dishes.

Service was alright, not particularly friendly but efficient none the less though there was an older woman bringing out the dishes, she was amazing! I think she may have been one of the owners. Just amazingly warm and friendly, wish she was our server the whole time.

The tvs and sound system were playing Bollywood music videos which was pretty fun! They do have a full bar! Oh and be sure to check in, we got a free mango lassi. 

On to the dishes..

Chicken Tikka - Moist, fragrant, flavorful and oh so tender!

Chicken Tikka Masala - Big bold flavors, creamy and again insanely tender.

Malai Kofta - Similar to the Chicken Masala though not as spicy. Balls of cheese and vegetable sitting in a thick creamy gravy. 

Garlic Naan - Lightly crisp with a nice chew this complimented our dishes with the ability to scoop up the amazing sauces. 

Basmati Rice - Another amazing vehicle for the more gravy laden dishes. 

We'll be back!
I had been craving Indian food for a while now so I forced my man to come with me.. Unfortunately, he is not a huge fan of Indian cuisine..We got here at 8:30 on a Sunday night and there was just 1 other table besides us.. This place is located in a pretty sketchy neighborhood but once inside it's not that bad... 

We ordered: 
-The Tandoori Chicken Dinner Special: Tandoori chicken, Saag Paneer, Mixed Vegetables ($25.95)
-The Mixed Curry Dinner Special: Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Sagwala, Chicken Masala ($25.95) 
-Dinner specials also come with dal soup (traditional veggie soup with delicately spiced lentils) and choice of bread.. We got garlic naan & roti.. 
-They also give you complimentary pappadum & chutneys 
-Mango Lassi (free with check-in but they only let us have 1 to share lol) .. Tasted like a sour mango yogurt milkshake LOL

The food was just OK.. My favorite item was the chicken tikka masala~ The service absolutely SUCKED... Even though there were 7 servers just sitting around no one even came to refill our water glasses or check up on us even once.. Anyways after we left I started feeling sick and when we arrived home I most definitely was sick... EWWW I got food poisoning from there and spent the next day feeling absolutely miserable.. The total bill was over $50 and the food quality was the same.. if not worse than a standard lunch buffet.. Thank the Lord I had a Restaurant.com certificate so we only paid a little over $37... But it was not worth getting sick for. I will stick to Mount Everest or try Mint next time. Blehhhhhhhh~

HOT TIP: Indian lunch buffets are absolutely the way to go~!!!
Food is good and service is really awesome specially Garry. He rocks. We will be back.
I definitely have issues doing dinner at an Indian restaurant that does a lunch buffet.  It doesn't make total sense but I usually prefer Origin India just for that reason.  But it was late, we had the craving and my wife had a great experience (lunch buffet) the last time she was here so we gave it a go.  

The place was still full of people at 9pm so that was a plus.  I was excited to see dosa on the menu but the waiter told me their grill wasn't on and it would take at least 30 minutes to get ready.  Ok. Nevermind.  There's a free mango lassi with a Yelp check in.  He tells us it's only good for one lassi per table.  Fine!

We unintentionally went vegetarian for the evening.  My wife always gets the saag paneer extra spicy and I went with the matar paneer.  Both dishes were very good.  The peas in my matar paneer were super sweet.  Maybe the sweetest pea I've ever had.  I devoured them.  The naan was pretty good but the aloo paratha wasn't worth the extra $1.50.  

I'll be back to try the lunch buffet but I think I am done with dinner here.  Use the Yelp deal!!
The food was good, The tables were nice. No better or worse than other Indian places I suppose. The guy with the paint-brush mustache was fun to look at. The server with the shaved head I felt got a little too familiar with us but it wasn't too bad.
I have been eating at India Palace for years and I have not been disappointed. After trying a few other Indian restaurants in town I have returned here every time. The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable and all of the items I have tried have been delicious. Their lunch buffet is very reasonably priced and a great way for people who aren't quite comfortable navigating the full menu.

The uncomfortable feeling you experience when pulling up to this location will quickly subside once you get inside. The building itself is much nicer than it was when I started going five years ago.

Bottom line, I have not been to or heard of a better Indian restaurant in Las Vegas
This is my best indian food spot whenever I come to Vegas. Beautiful decor, good value, delicious flavored. I have tried other indian restaurants in the area, but this one stands out. Specially tandoori chicken & wings. Thumbs up.
I have to start by saying- my boyfriend is Indian and he LOVED this restaurant. He is generally hesitant about dining out for Indian food because nothing can compare to his mamma's cooking- this restaurant was as close to home as it gets!!!

We are both vegetarians and loved that there were plenty of delicious options for us.  We had veggie samosas, vegetable biryani, red daal, saag aloo, and baigan bartha.  The bartha is rich and smoky tasting.  The daal was creamy and lucious.  Everything was spicy enough to get your taste buds excited but not so overwhelming as to make it painful.

We left with plenty to take home and snack on for the next two days.

The restaurant is clean and nicely decorated, we enjoyed the bollywood music videos playing around us.  I knocked off one star for service.  I dont expect good service at Indian restaurants and wasnt surprised with a service that was pretty much limited to throwing food on the table and bringing the check at the end.  They would also benefit from a fulltime bartender- while they had a full cocktail list I was hesitant to order from it doubting my waiter's ability to make a decent mojito.

When the craving for a taste of home returns we will certainly be back!
Best place in Las Vegas for Indian food. I have tried them all. Trust me.
Love this place! Amazing food, fantastic atmosphere! Our whole family loves it, especially the mango custard :)
Good for take out. Good CTM and kabobs
One of the best Indian restaurants anywhere. The Dal soup was delicious & perfectly spiced. Hot, fresh naan right from the oven. Lamb Sagwal had tender chunks of meat in a spinach curry sauce. Equally tender, generous portion of chicken curry, and the Peas Pulao could not have been better. Top it off with a Kingfisher beer and go straight to heaven!
Great food, great service and excellent location. We ordered the dinner special.
It is a great deal. Get to taste a bunch of items. They have good beer selection too.
We got a mango lassi on the house!
My boyfriend and I came here on a Groupon, and after reviewing the menu I was really excited to try this place. At first, everything was really nice. When we were being seated, the host told us a party of 50 was coming in, and that the back room might be quieter, which it was. The back room has 4 tables and is a nice intimate setting. Note, that in the time we were there, one tour bus full of tourists came in, ate, left, and another bus full was coming in as we were leaving. The bus loads of people appeared constant, and if we had sat in the main dining room, it might have been miserable. 

But anyway. Everything we ate tasted really good. We ordered a goat dish, a lamb dish, and samosas. The veggie samosas were kind of bland, and only had potato in them, but tasted fine. When we ordered it was a little weird that the waiter asked us what kind of rice and naan we wanted, as if it came with our meal, when in fact it didn't. I've never been to an indian restaurant that charged extra for rice, so I thought that was a little shady. 

But really none of that mattered, because towards the end of our meal, we found a hair in our food. A short, curly, kind of hair. We showed the manager. His response was "do you want some more rice? I can get you some free rice to go? I'll take 10% off of your bill, mistakes happen, it probably came from the buffet." Um, number one, we didn't eat from the buffet, and number two, DUDE there is a pubic hair in our food. While I appreciate him taking a little bit off of the bill, what I would really prefer is for him to look disgusted, and go back to his kitchen and have a very serious talk with his cooks about hygiene and cleanliness. But I had the distinct impression that wasn't going to happen, and he just sort of acted like, oh these things happen sometimes. Maybe he didn't understand that this hair did not fall off of someone's head?

So, even though the food tasted good, and up until that point we had been having a nice time, I really don't think I can get past a pubic hair in my food. We won't be back.
I've eaten at most Indian places in town over the years. This by far has been the best quality and best tasting Indian food in Vegas. The atmosphere and service is great. They have a traditional menu but the only place in town that has goat curry which is amazing.
Typical Indian restaurant. Greasy and oily food. Taste was okay. Experience was okay at best. 
- We used the yelp 15% off coupon here - the owner firstly frowned after looking at the deal (promotion that they had been running). He honored the deal but made us feel as if he was doing us a favor. 
- They were catering a private party in the restaurant and still kept it open for general public. The party family kids created havoc, noise and jumped on our tables. Horrible service, they never even cared to apologize for the inconvenience. At least they didnt serve us from the buffet as the party (which I have seen many cheap Indian restaurants do)
- There are many other good restaurants in Vegas that have great reviews on Yelp. Skip this one if you can.
Alright so, I'm not Indian. I don't really know what "authentic" is. But, I will say this. I've eaten at many different Indian restaurants in Vegas and California, and India Palace remains number 1 to me. This place is so. damn. good. 

Also, just to throw this out there, I work with many Indian people, and they really like this place a lot as well. Take that information as you will, but, I think it's a good thing. 

I've been coming here for a very long time and I'm friendly with the staff. They are SO polite and friendly. I have always felt very welcomed here since the beginning. 

The food, let's just talk about the food. It's amazing. My favorite being of course the chicken mahkani (butter chicken). It's easily one of my favorite things to eat, ever. They bring you naan bread to the table with an option of regular of garlic. Always go with the garlic, it's not very overwhelming. 

I also do the buffet every time I come here. I've eaten here for dinner twice and while I really do love the food, I feel their dinner portions are rather small when compared to the price. One of these times I used a Groupon and was never met with any kind of negativity, so it's weird to me that people are mentioning that. And as far as the rest of the service, I've never had issues with being neglected service or having my water filled, even when they're busy and hosting a party. 

Anyway, the buffet is great because you get a sampling of a lot of different things for a low price which is never a bad thing. 

Also, I give it a 4 star rating because as much as I love the food, I really hate driving here. It's in a not so lovely part of town and the parking here is a nightmare when they're busy.

Try it for lunch sometime, of course with a mango lassi.
I am from Atlanta which is filled with Indian restaurants, but I never go and eat there as they suck.
I visit Vegas very often. And I try to eat at this place at least once when I am there.
Everything they make is just too good...I love their samosas/ kabobs/naans..rather everything. They make everything just the way you want it to be.
Yummy!!!!!
Yummy. I ate soooo much!!
The food was good.. I bought a $30 yelp deal, they used to let customers to use it for lunch buffet $13 per person, but I called them and the guy said no more, the deal is only for regular price items. I wish they can allow us to use it for lunch buffet again so I can group my friends/ former coworkers to eat and have some fun!
I've been here twice for lunch with co-workers now, and both times have deeply enjoyed myself and had to waddle out.

First thing's first. When you go, order the Garlic Naan. It's wonderful hot crispy-fluffy naan, slathered with minced garlic and herbs, and I could probably just eat that and the curry sauce by the bucketful. It's not an additional price on top of the buffet, which is what takes India Palace from 3-4 stars for me. So garlicky and wonderful.

The buffet itself is pretty typical Indian-for-mostly-americans fare; I had the Aloo Gobi, Butter Chicken, a few curries, Goat Curry, and Bahji, which were all good, and I had no real complaints. Some of the chunks of chicken were those hard fatty bits, and a little bit unpleasant, but those are pretty expected in stews/curries/etc and overall, everything was great. The saag paneer stuck out as particularly delicious.

They were great about honoring the free mango lassi yelp check-in deal, and, since it was my first time trying lassi (I haven't tried one before because I'm not usually a yogurt fan, and I haven't wanted to spend 3-6$ on a drink I will probably not like, but hey, free is the right price to try new things).  So I tried a new thing and really enjoyed it. I can't say if it was good or bad in lassi terms as I have nothing to compare it to, but I CAN say I plan on trying more lassi's now so that I can find out. And I think that's a pretty good sign for it's tastiness. 

I will definitely be back for the lunch buffet, but I think I will need to try some of the other indian places around town before I choose my "go-to" dinner joint. The a-la-carte menu seems a little pricey around dinner time here, but the lunch buffet price is perfect for me.
I came in for the lunch buffet and I was surprised they had more options than my usual Indian rotation (Mint and Mt. Everest). However, this place was quantity more than quality. The goat curry was really salty. Like really. It masked the flavor of whatever spices they put. The vegetable mikhana (veggie tikka masala) was off. Way off to a point it was sourish. However, the chicken mikhana, (chicken tikka masala) was actually tasty. I guess they cook it differently. The chicken was so tender it was shredding apart. I enjoyed their Palak Paneer as well. But the paneer was too tough for my taste; it couldn't pick up the flavor of the spinach and spices. Overall, I would not be able to fit this place into my rotation. 
However, service was great! My water was never empty and I was downing that water like crazy because of the goat curry. 
I went in on a Tuesday and they charged me 11.95 which is not right according to the information on this listing, or maybe they overcharged me.
This place has the most awesome food and best service. Manni is the best server ever and made our visit most memorable !!
Best Restaurant experience in Vegas!

I had purchased a Living Social deal at the last minute.  We ended up going with a huge party.  I had a peach drink that was on fire.  Don't recall the name of it. It was delicous!  Our server was really great.  Made spot on suggestions cracked the occasional joke.

For a table of 5 we ordered rogan josh, sag paneer and two orders of chicken tikki masala, two orders of rice and two orders of garlic naan.  Everything was just delicious.  Not a negative thing to say about the entire meal.  

Highly recommend!
Never call them for an order.
The guy i called for order was rude and impolite .
I am writing this review even before tasting the food, the guy on the phone go me really worked up. I am saying this even though i am an Indian, Staff at Indian restaurants can be a total ass!
We've been looking for a good Indian restaurant in Vegas since we moved from NYC and read about India Palace so decided to check it out for dinner.  It was pretty quiet on a Sunday night.  There were only a few other patrons, which is a shame because our experience at India Palace was great.  As other Yelpers mention, they are located near the Strip but on the border of a crappy neighborhood.  I wonder if they were in a better location if they would have more diners, but I digress.
They served papadum and 3 different dipping sauces when we sat down, which was very nice.
We started with the kheema samosas for an appetizer.  The shell was nice and crispy and not greasy at all.  They were filled with delicious ground lamb and green peas.  I thought it was wonderful with the date sauce (the dark brown one) on it.
We ordered the chicken korma and chicken tikka masala for entrees.  Both were very good.  The chicken was very tender.  The entrees didn't come with rice, as has been our experience at most Indian restaurants, so we had ordered a side of peas pulao rice and garlic naan.  I loved the rice with peas and nuts in it.  The garlic naan was also very good and not greasy at all.
Service was attentive and all the staff very friendly.  The restaurant was neat and clean.  There were TVs playing Bollywood which was fun.  They weren't on too loud and I always find it hard to not watch!  Our waiter provided us with containers to pack our leftovers.  If we weren't so full, I would have liked to try their dessert menu.
Our dinner came out to about $60, including tax and tip.  Indian food is always a little pricey, so I thought it was good value for what we got.
We enjoyed our experience here and will definitely be back to try other menu items, the dosas in particular.
They honored the free mango lassi for checking in, which was delicious with my meal. Thanks Yelp!
I live out East and have dined here during my last 2 trips to Vegas. The food is very good, the staff very nice. Well-sized portions as well. Good value for your money. Will definitely go back & would recommend this place to friends.
Very good Hotel.. Food tasted really nice.. They have a $50 gift card for $40 that you may possibly use immediately if you bought this before seating. Also, they may give you 15% of if you are group of 5 or more..
This is my favorite Indian restaurant in Las Vegas.  The people here are all really nice and helpful.  The food is delicious and very consistently so.  I love that when I order spicy, they actually make it spicy.  Some ethnic restaurants assume Americans can't tolerate a little heat.  The location is a little dodgy but the interior is actually quite nice and inviting.

Be on the lookout for coupons and specials-- they participate in a lot of the usual deal sites.
Food is very good, the owners are great,     but The Manager was unprofessional.  He may no longer be there..    We ordered a Groupon   and called in and explained that we had a groupon worth $30  and ordered  some food to go.  I clearly explained my groupon... and there was no problem with the TO Go order from the employee on the phone who was polite.

 After driving 20 Miles.... we arrived.  The manager said the Groupon is for dining in only.  I said... why did they not tell me that on the phone... as I told them I had a Groupon.... anyway... he did not want to  honor the promotion.. then I asked him his name... and he wouldn't tell me his name... He said they don't make any money on the Groupon...

 I said...then why do you offer it?   .... that is not my problem.... I bought it... ordered. and then drove 20 miles... and now he is not wanting to honor the promotion.   

Did you read the fine print ?  he asked..No I said.... instead, I called your restaurant and explained that I had a Groupon and they took my order.... and I in good faith came all this way expecting a smile and a thank you... and now I get a No.... and he was very  mean to me... disrespectful... not being considerate at all...

Of course this upset me..... and I began to raise my voice..... Then he was upset that I raised my voice in his restaurant.... I told him... I did not come here to raise my voice... I came here for some Tikka Masala... but I will never come here again... trust me.....

It is unfortunate... that they have such good food here....yet... the Manager is a hothead, and I feel sorry for the employees that have to work for him.  The poor guy that took my order... oh my.... he is going to get the wrath!

He did not want to listen to anything I said.... In spite of it all I still tipped him $3 just because I am someone that has worked in the Restaurant industry, and I follow the golden rule... but I will tell you, this Manager was a real jerk.

Now....there are  so many restaurants out there that would love to have a customer that drives 20 miles to come to them... and they will do everything in their power to make that customer feel special.  

This manager  threatened to call the Police on me... can you believe that?    Wow...
If he worked for me I would fire him so fast..... 

Anyway.... This is a good restaurant and they have good food... and I am sure the owners are good people..... They need to help their people understand the promotions, and then make sure that every customer interaction is  appreciated. 
  
I really like the food... It is unfortunate that I have had so much grief here....  I blame the Manager... No CS skills whatsoever.... :(

Anyway... I do think this is a good restaurant...

The owner call me up after this an apologized for the experience I had.  I thanked him for the call.   This is a lovely restaurant, and the food is fantastic.....I say go ahead and give them another chance....
I've been here before and had tried to find it again to no avail. A friend and I happened to both want Indian at the same time, but having no idea where to go turned to my trusty Yelp app and it found this awesome place for me again! 

It's tucked off in a little shopping area, but well lit and easy to find. It's got a great, cozy interior with roomy booths and Indian movies playing constantly. It has a full bar also!

Checked in using my Yelp app and received a free drink called a mango lassi. I would never have known to ask for this had I not gotten this check-in offer, but I'm so glad I did. It was seriously delicious. It's mango and yogurt and it was part of the reason I couldn't eat all of my food. Highly recommend you get this fabulous drink!

For an appetizer we had vegetable samosas. They were dense and a little dry, but with the spicy cilantro sauce to put on it it tasted just fine. You get two and they're a nice size. 

For dinner my friend had chicken tikka masala, which, while not outside the box is definitely a solid choice. He liked it and proceeded to eat all of it. I had the mata paneer and it was just the right spicy (medium) with a rich tomato-y taste mixed with peas and the paneer cheese. Had it over a bed of jasmine rice and it was super filling. One of my favorite dishes.

Also ordered a side of garlic naan which was okay. It wasn't the best I've ever had, way too much garlic, but it was find and went okay with the meal. 

The service here can be spotty, I wasn't impressed with that at all, but it's not the worst I've had, so...

Anyway, great food, nice atmosphere and at a reasonable price. Definitely recommend.
I really enjoyed this place.  Food was extraordinary.  My girlfriend and I tried two dinner specials and we really enjoyed everything.  Prices are pretty high, but you get what you pay for.
I was told its the best place in Vegas by my fellow Indian Frds  but was ver much disappointed. 
I was not welcome will  a short  built guy pointed and showed me the table and wen I ask him a drink  he said the bartender was not there. So I asked him a red wine Cabernet he instead bought me a white wine. The food was excellent and gr8 but the service was moderate. There was no refill on my water wen I needed most. I really did not know why my server was angry and he smelled of alcohol too. Das was around 22.15 and there ver only 2 tables. 
Anyways thanks to the chef  and my fellow friends for recommeding for the lovely food. First time trying it. And I'm already in love with  it.
Best Indian food out there. We had dinner before it got real busy which was o.k. With me. 
Try the Hayward imported Indian beer. The food was great and the service wasn't bad. Not the greatest part of town but oh well. Glad we went :-)
This place has great food! I love the chicken korma and the basil naan a bunch! Whenever I am in Las Vegas, I try and make it to India Palace. It's off the Strip but not too far away but would require a short cab ride, but in my opinion, it's better than any of the places on the Strip for Indian food. Give them a try!
We came on a Friday night and ordered 
1. Vegetable samosa appetizer $4.50
2. Tandoori Chicken dinner $25.95
for $5 (Used the $15 groupon to get $30 credit, came out to $.49)

- Seated right away. Fancy restaurant. Dim-lighting. Wine style cup glasses. 
- Edwin was a friendly server! He seemed to appreciate that we came in to eat Indian food and made sure that our drinks were refilled and the food made to our liking
- They didn't have the lamb samosa tonight, which we were a bit disappointed so we ended up with the vegetable. Comes with 2. Cooked fresh and crispy. 
- You are given complimentary flat bread and 3 types of sauces, mild, med, hot. Flat bread tasted a bit burnt, but crispy. 
- Garlic naan was fluffy 
- chicken soup was watery but spicy. 
- Mango dessert was good. Tasted like Filipino fruit salad. 
- Fried vegetables were a bit smushy.
- Tandoori chicken was a slighly dry and the onoins were grilled inconsistently, undercooked or overcooked.  
- India Masala and Mint Bistro packs more flavor for my liking than India Palace, but nonetheless, still a good eat especially with the Groupon!
I wish I could get here more often. The service is very good and the food is amazing. The seating is nice. This place is much better than more popular places I won't mention.  Took a friend here and we were both very pleased. Everything was top notch. Give it a try.
We had the Chicken Korma and Goat Karahi(Which was fantastic). Nan and rice was very nice. Might want to ask for extra spicey as they tend to cater to the white man. Overall the service was good. Kitchen could have been a little quicker and the bartender more knowledgeable, but otherwise a great place for a tasty meal!
There's lots of coupons floating around the web for this restaurant, so there's no reason to pay full price, but even if you do end up paying full price, the cost is reasonable.  They have a large menu featuring many vegetarian dishes, chicken, lamb, goat, and other traditional Indian foods.  Their lamb menu is extensive, and being a huge fan of lamb, I get some variety of lamb every time I come here.  I haven't eaten a single thing here that I didn't like. Their naan is to die for, particularly the garlic naan.
I wasn't a big fan of their buffet.  It was small and there weren't very many spicy dishes. However, for those nervous about trying Indian food for the first time, the buffet menu offers a variety of mild, common indian dishes (they also serve you a plate of naan).
I would say This is one of the best Indian places in town at this price range.
The waiters could be more courteous and not have an expression that made me feel like I've entered a funeral home.
Buffet items were bland and blah. Rotis were delicious. Nice ambience. 
My gripe with this place just like most Indian places is the lack of spice and flavor in they food, for some reason the dishes lack the character of their Indian counterparts. In India the same dish will be extremely flavorful. My first mistake I guess comparing with the taste back home. But what's the point in calling yourself fine Indian cuisine if you can't be authentic and recreate the exact flavors??
Also, my mom without knowing the "rules of the land" asked for pickles, the staff were extremely helpful and got her a cup full of it and later slipped me an extra $1.50, when asked why he goes oh, if it's not on the menu then you pay. OK!!! why can't you tell her that first, instead of slipping one in, not that I had a problem paying for it, he is right, but the lack of customer service or ethics just irked me.
Buffet is reasonably priced with enough items, improve customer service, remember it's the customer who makes or breaks your business. Improve flavor don't forget the roots of the dish. I know it is dumbed down to cater to local tastes but hey if I want to eat bland food I have lot of cheaper and healthier options.
Awesome food. Great atmosphere. Food was a bit expensive but totally worth it. Went on a Thursday evening and it was still crowded. Usually a really good sign considering that the restaurant is in a weird part of Las Vegas (looked shady). The inside of the restaurant was really well decorated and we felt comfortable once we settled in. Checked in on Yelp and got a free mango lassi. Wow...really tasty.
Had the samosas and aloo tikki. Both good. Had the non veg curry thali and all the components was fantastic except the mango custard. Next time I will try something else. It came with Lamb in spinach, chicken tikka masala and shrimp curry. Excellent. 
We will be back soon
Best Indian food I have ever had in America.  We ordered the goat & lamb dishes, garlic naan & this phenomenal rice dish. The waiter was very nice & helped us place our order. We wanted to try something new yet more traditional. The setting was quiet & comfortable.  Don't let the neighborhood scare you, this is a must have. This will be a place we will always come back to when we visit Vegas.
The food is good, but don't bother trying to get delivery from them. The last three times they cancelled my order. FIrst they didn't have a driver, then they "had a flat tire". I don't know their excuse for the third time. They are currently on GrubHub and Eat24. Not ordering from them again.
This is our favorite Indian restaurant. The food is excellent, the portions are quite generous without being excessive, and the service is attentive and usually pretty fast.
Love this place! Curries are very tasty their Naan is oh so yummylicous!
The chicken korma is so good my wife's  exact words where "my vagina gets wet every time I eat this sauce"...... ONLY IF I HAD KNOWN!!!
It was not love at first sight for my friend Indian Food and myself. In fact, we hated one another pretty good in the beginning. All of that changed after my first experience at India Palace. To be honest, I've only eaten at two Indian Restaurants in my life. After eating here, I'm not sure I will venture elsewhere. 

So on a lonely afternoon my wife and I decided to ditch our co-workers and meet for lunch. Fortunately India Palace had a Yelp dealio going down where you get $30 of grub for $20, a stellar deal. No restrictions were mentioned upon purchase, however when I presented the coupon the server said it was only valid for dinner. After explaining there were no restrictions mentioned in the disclaimer or at the time of purchase he graciously accepted the coupon and we enjoyed their lunch buffet with two refreshing pepsi-cola beverages. I'm a huge fan of their tandoori chicken, but the meal wouldn't be complete without their piping hot, freshly baked nan. I could honestly make a meal just out of that. My favorite item at the buffet is the Chicken Tikka Masala, which is tandoori chicken marinated in yogurt & spices in a creamy tomato sauce. It's 8:45am and my mouth is watering just thinking about it. I even enjoyed a serving of their creamy spinach, Popeye would be proud.

The service at India Palace is always exceptional. The servers are friendly and attentive, your drink never stays empty for long, plates are whooshed away at lightening speed upon completion, and I always leave here feeling good about my experience and reminded as to why I've never gone to any other Indian restaurant. 5 glowing stars!
India Palace never disappoints! Chicken tikka masala is amazing and the bhindi masala is delicious! We always get garlic naan with our meal and make sure to order extra to take home. My husband and I try to come here as often as we can!
Went here with my boyfriend today and loved it! The food was delicious, especially the chicken marsala. Great service by both the waiter(who was friendly and fast)and the kitchen staff that brought the food out. Overall a great experience.
I just tried this place today...it was delicious.  I bought a groupon for it!  We had some of the vegetarian options on hand...totally authentic and delicious...Great service too!
My wife was craving Indian food so we went to her favorite Indian restaurant.  I ordered a Taj Mahal beer & free mango lassi with the Yelp check in.  We ordered the following food items: Vegetable samosa, garlic naan, chicken tikka masala, & mixed grilled tandoori.  Everything was excellent as usual.  Our server Garry was very nice and helpful.  I promised to let everyone know that he was the best.
Went there for lunch buffet....not the nicest experience.  We shouldn't have even stayed to eat but I wanted to be fair and give things a taste.  Everything looked like it had been sitting in the serving trays for days...the meat looked grey and dry, as well as the meager amount of jasmine they put out, and the quality of the meat didn't seem that well.  Meat was chewy...i wasn't the goat.  Service was slow and mostly unresponsive.
Went there for dinner at 6pm. Got crowded at about 8pm. Full house.  

Building was nice on the outside, but did not expect the dumpy location around it. Thinking Diamond in the rough? Not quite. 

Service was good until it got busy then it was Ok. I had to go up to the bar to cash the check cause I didn't see waiter for a while.  

Food was neutral.  Not really bad but not great. Garlic Naan was really the best thing.  I was expecting more flavors but it was ok. They got my order wrong (chicken instead of shrimp) & shrimp came out rubbery (they take tail off). Small shrimp. Chicken tica tamdoori was good but they brought that out like it was an appetizer?  It was my husband's main entre. I'm not sure what happened with that,  but we weren't going to complain in front of friends. Plus the onions & such were not cooked all the way. I don't eat raw onions (they barely cooked them). 

Small portions for price.  

Don't know we would go back unless friends  absolutely wanted to go there.  Too bad because I thought we found the best Indian place in town :(
Apart from the mediocre food, the service is worst. They don't honor yelp deals. Definitely a place to avoid.
We came here with the intention of getting take out. We were greeted by Vick who was very friendly and helpful. He offered suggestions on drink and appetizer while waiting.  His cheerful demeanor won us over and we decided to dine in. 
The restaurant was very clean, his service was excellent and the food was very good. 
Vick makes excellent suggestions for food choices. 
Based on the area the restaurant is in we were pleasantly surprised at the quality of service we received. 
Highly recommended
For being in a highly tourist concentrated area (it's 5 mins away from the Las Vegas strip) this restaurant is fantastic! My family of four was greeted and seated immediately  by Vick. He was kind and went out of his way to make suggestions and even make jovial conversation! The food was fantastic and the portions large considering we have enough left overs to make a meal out of. Would definitely recommend to tourists and locals alike.
India palace is a very good indian restaurant. Very good indian food not like others which really dont taste indian. And whenever u go there as for MANNY, he was very nice and funny made us feel very comfortable...
Excellent Indian food. I enjoyed the special vegetarian dinner and mixed appetizers. Gary, our server, was very attentive to our needs. Friendly atmosphere.
I have been dining here for over 10 years. I am an Indian who is very passionate about my food.  Each time I visit India palace, food and service always exceeds expectations.  Our top favorite items on the menu are chicken tikka masala, paneer tikka, bhindi masala and malai kofta.  The staff is very polite and go out of their way to give you best possible service. Today our server was Gary. I forgot my gift card in the restaurant and he ran out to the parking lot in the cold weather, looking for us and handed me my gift card which still had a balance of $40!!! Thank you Gary and thank you India palace for taking care of my Indian food cravings for all these years! You are the best.
It has been 2 years since I review about this restaurant. I would like to add my compliments towards our server Garry again. As always, we were greeted with a warm welcome by Garry. He has been superb and accommodating.  Garry introduced us to the tandoori dinner and I must say it was delicious. We had masala dosa & the yummiest lamb biryani. Love their chai too. Great experience as always. Thanks Garry for the number one customer service rendered to us.
Awesome service by our FAVE SERVER Garry...1000% Outstanding!!!!!! Great job.....Thank you....
Food was great! Our server Garry was great too! The manager was professional..he honored my yelp checkin free mango lassi (which was yummy) and yelp's $20 for $30 deal too without any hesitation. We were a group of four for dinner and it turned out to be $44 total including the above discounts, tip and taxes. Would love to go again!
I was in the mood for Indian while visiting Las Vegas and I liked that they offer a free mango lasi for checking in on Yelp.

The first time I visit an Indian restaurant I stick with certain dishes. I ordered the malai kofta, chicken tikka masala, samosas, and garlic naan bread. The naan bread was the best part of the meal. It was well made and came out piping out. The samosas were so oily that I barely touched then. The malai kofta had a nice flavor, but I did not enjoy the chicken tikka masala at all. It tasted a little like feet. 

My meal wasn't terrible but I didn't like that they charged for both the rice and the naan bread. One is usually complimentary when you order an entree. I probably would not return because there are plenty of Indian restaurants to try in Las Vegas.
The management at this place has no regard for it's patrons whatsoever. We came in for a Lunch buffet and the food selection was sub par to say the least. We were a group of 4 and we were treated with such disrespect that it is appalling. We tried using a yelp deal and not only were they unwilling to accept it they were very rude about telling us that it they cannot take it. The rest rooms at this place were the worst of all the restaurants in Vegas. I'd give no stars if I could.Avoid this place like a plague. There are much better Indian restaurants around
The food was good I'll give them that, but their service and credibility are questionable. Though I strongly recommend looking elsewhere for Indian food if you must go here check your bill. These guys messed up our bill and then refused to address it saying that during the holidays that's what their policy is. 

They also don't take gift cards during the holidays and apparently all of Las Vegas recognizes the holidays as December 25th through December 31st. Though I don't work in the restaurant industry I still have work tomorrow. 

Also they took forever to take our order, then forgot what we ordered and had to take it again, and brought dishes out one at a time; cause maybe some people like cold food?

Either way service being shitty, not the only place. But blatantly cheating customers is a whole new level of shady. It's good food but if you must go be careful.
Manpreet aka Manny is awesome. He totally helped us out and fed us soooo much food.....we could hardly move. Awesome food amazing service. A favorite when in Vegas.
Authentic food and great service, a go to Indian getaway from the strip! Not as full for an early dinner, full menu and about 2 miles from the strip!
Amazing food!!! Server Vick is the best!!!!! So charming, excellent customer service!!!
Consumer Beware! Beware! before going to this  restaurant! They have raised all their prices--including Buffet which is now at a ridiculous $14.95 per person! Nowhere do they inform you of the new prices until u get the bill! we ordered from the menu as well and the quantity is a JOKE - even one person cannot eat on the ridiculously priced dal!

The buffet was even worse with STALE food, empty buffet trays that were being refilled at snails pace with just a few pieces of chicken that are now cut in half than previously served. Dessert milk had gone bas with pungent taste, bread was cold, tixe was hard as a rock (which means it was from the day before and re- heated)!! Glasses smelled similar to foul meat which means not cleaned thoroughly. We are very dissappointed - we were regulars at this restaurant and don't know what happened! Maybe its new management or maybe its just the want to make money and let go of quality and serve your customers horrendous quality of food- whatever the case - they have gone downhill!! Save yourself the bad experience and do not eat here - not worth it anymore! for this price you can eat at a fancy restaurant in vegas!! 

On a positive note the waiters are nice. and thats about it on the niceness part. 

A note to management: do not rip un suspecting customers- your prices have gone up and quality is horrible!
Great place!!! Chicken tikka masala is one of the best I've ever had!! 
Great service and nice and clean!!
Highly recommended!!
First time here! Simply awesome! Tried the buffet for new taste options. Goat curry is delicious! Rice pudding is perfect dessert with an Indian coffee! My brother had the goat briyani. Very good,  spiced just right! We will be back!
EXCELLENT
We found this place with "Groupon" and will Definitely go back when in Vegas.
I agree - The Chicken Marsala was the Best I've had Anywhere. The Naan was fresh and hot and my mouth is watering just thinking about it. 
LOADS of Flavor !
Very attentive, friendly staff who take pride in their delicious selections .
Thank You Manny ... Loved it , hope to see you again soon.
Great food but inattentive staff!

We were visiting Vegas for New Year's using the deal we got from LivingSocial. We had no idea that this was only for regular dining not the buffet. After a minute of standing there, somebody flagged down a waiter for us to have us seated (not sure if he was a diner or the owner but thank you whoever you are). We were seated in the corner and the waiter didn't seem to care because he left us alone for about 15 minutes without a menu or telling us what was going on. After observing everyone else, we noticed that they just got up and served themselves. Apparently it was a buffet. So, we decided to do the same. After we were done with our meal, that was when another waiter came up to us and told us that our LivingSocial deal was supposed to be for the regular menu not the buffet. He asked the manager and they decided to honor it. The meal was good because they had a variety to choose from. I just wished the had staff that were more attentive.
You won't find a better Indian Food restaurant west of the Mississippi!!  Ask for Manny when you stop in!
Excellent food the flavors, the environment and the service. My server Garry came to check on me several times and took great care of me 5start experience!
This place rocks! I have eaten at Indian places all over the western US and I've never had better Indian food than this place. Garry, our waiter, was incredibly nice and gave us fantastic service. Every single dish we have tried is better than any other place here in Vegas. So far we have tried the chicken korma, chicken vindaloo, malai kofta, and the chicken tikka masala and they are all to die for. The meat is cooked perfectly and the sauces are so good you will lap it up from your plate. Give these guys a try, you won't regret it.
I went to India Palace a few days ago with a friend for the lunch buffet.  It was delicious!  I am vegetarian so I appreciated that the buffet had several vegetarian options.  My friend had the tandoori chicken and she said it was very good.  I can't comment too much on the service, because the buffet does not require much from the server.  In the past I have had very good service at dinner time.
The chicken tikka masala was honestly the best I've ever had. The sauce was smooth and perfectly spiced. The cheese naan was very light and soft and perfectly paired the masala.The only complaint was that the masala didn't come with rice.
Just ate at the India Palace and wow! Tandoori chicken was moist and delicious, chicken tikka masala was maybe the best I've ever tasted and the curry was perfect. Top it off with great naan bread and unbelievable service from Manny and the result is my first yelp review ever. I've had Indian food in various countries to include England and countries very close to India and this is in the top 2 ever.
We ventured into this neighborhood trying to get some neat food on a cold night. Since it was our first night in vegas and we dint know this side of the city very well we ended up coming in the wrong side out from our hotel and i must say the route was super scary to walk by. I barely thought of how could any restaurant be tucked in this neighbourhood. Once we went in we were seated and we ordered malai kofta ( very enriching taste) and korma with naan. The food was overall very good. The service was not exactly great or worth mentioning but the power of food overpowered the service and hence the solid four stars.
This restaurant was a wonderful experience. It's located in a seedy part of the road, but it is a find. You know when there's a limo in the parking lot, that's a clue.

They have an extensive menu, so we tried the Aloo Tikki appetizer, and it was four tasty fried cakes and very good. Then, we ordered the basic items we use to tell one restaurant from another.

The Lamb Korma is great, with more lamb than most others, and the lamb is very tasty and tender. There is enough sauce, so you can have just sauce and rice, too. Yummy. The Chicken Tikki Marsala is very tender, again with more chicken than usual. Very good sauce. The garlic naan is perfect. Very lightly crispy on the surface, and chewy inside, with a dusting of herbs for good looks. 

You know, every dish here is pretty, too.

They make a firm vodka martini, and the recommended Taj Mahal beer was just right.

Good service, very attentive, and "Auntie Tarala" will tell you with a lift of her eyebrow if you get it right. The charming manager stopped by to answer questions, and be sure we were happy. We were.

So you can have a lovely Indian meal,  at a reasonable price, without the noise and crowds of the strip, just 15 minutes away.in an easy drive. The parking is a free lot.
I have been to many Indian restaurants around and this one is by far the best and my favorite. It was refreshing to be greeted by Manny with such spectacular hospitality as if we were family and the customer service was amazing! He was extremely friendly and pleasant and made my experience there top notch. Vick was wonderful and helpful as well. The food was phenomenal, much so that we went back two more times during our stay in Las Vegas! Every dish was so absolutely delicious and seasoned perfectly. Also, the portions were quite generous and they had a huge vegetarian selection. With service and food that was out of this world, there is no need to go anywhere else! I will definitely be returning every time I go to Vegas. India Palace is my favorite place to dine in Vegas!
Although a buck or two more than others for the lunch buffet, it's worth it! It's the tastiest I've had so far. 
The manager was very helpful pointing out the vegan offerings, even offering an all I can eat from the menu if the buffet didn't suffice. It did and was very tasty. He even brought me lentil crackers, since their bread was non-vegan. 
Nice atmosphere inside, nicely decorated. 
For my personal taste (shared by very few ) it was too salty, but my friends found it very much to their liking. I checked in for the Mango Lasi, but gave it to a friend bcuz it's non-vegan. My friend loved it.  
It is where it is, but you're driving, right? If you like Indian food, check this out. The owner is from Punjab.
We went there on a weekday night by 10 PM. As the place closes by 10.30 PM, they refused to let us dine in but said that we can order take away. We ordered 2 plain naans, 2 garlic naans and chicken tikka masala. We waited for 30 mins but we were not given any update on our order. Only when we started to pester them about our order they hurried into the kitchen to get it ready. The taste of the food was good. The parking lot was a bit cramped. IT would have been full if we had come by 9 PM. 

Service was the main negative of this place. They were not hospitable to us. Too business oriented and in your face attitude.
I had the chicken tika Marsala with almond and cashew rice. 

Now, I eat a ton of Indian food and I've had my favorite place for years now. As of tonight, there's a new favorite in my quiver. 

Manny served me tonight and he was great, as was everybody else. 

I'll be back!
Very good food! I came here a couple times for their lunch buffet and paid about $17 (incl tip) each time. If you're a big eater, I would say it's well worth it. The staff is friendly and provided us good service each time.
amazing food. it came to us extremely hot just right off the stove. hands off to the chef with his skills this place is amazing. service was great see Manny for his excellent customer service and his perfect timing. would definitely come back to this place next time I'm here from la!
This is a hidden gem!  It's in a bad neighborhood but the food is worth the trip.  It's possibly the best Indian food I've ever had. Our waiter Vick was super knowledgeable and entertaining.
For me, this place is never a bad choice...AND they've always got AWESOME Bollywood vids playing.
Very good buffet lunch spread and a mango lassi worth yelping out!!

This place is way off the strip and a 
 pitstop worth the ride for all Indian food fanatics. The mutton / chicken dishes are good and nothing beats an all you can eat buffet for under $12 !!
I went out to dinner and was in search of Indian food a couple of weeks ago.  I decided to try this place because there was a coupon available.  I ordered Chicken Vindaloo, Garlic Naan and some rice.  The food was fantastic, and I asked for extra spicy- frequently I have issues with restaurants not making the food spicy enough but they did a great job here at India Palace without ruining the flavor.  Also, the server, Mani, was fantastic!  Great attitude, good humor and took care of me the entire time.  I will definitely be back!
I love Indian food.  India Palace is probably the best Indian food you can get in Vegas.  The service is great.  The food...even better.  There are only TWO suggestions I can make to management.  #1, please change the GOD AWFUL television playing on the wall.  It is like watching a Mexican sitcom.  They all look the same, everything is over acted and nothing is funny.  Well, the same can be said about what is on the TVs at India Palace.  #2, I like wine.  Servers at India Palace will cork the wine behind the bar and bring an uncorked bottle to the table.  This is a BIG NO NO in wine service.  See my review of The Broiler in Hawaii.  Anyway, visit this place.  The TV is terrible, wine is uncorked (wine faux pas) but the service and food are spot on!
This is the best Indian Food in Vegas, beautiful decor. Full bar. There is definitely a master spicer behind the kichen door. WOW!
Fabulous food and courteous waitstaff. The combination dinners are a tremendous value, more food than one can eat, and they even let me substitute one of the dishes. I will be back again.
So good! My husband and I hadn't had Indian in a long time, and the waiter there was so nice and helpful. He gave us great advice based on our preferences and what we'd be sharing. The food was marvelous, the service quick and friendly. Plus, we loved that they had a selection of Indian beers -- the perfect complement to the spiciness. We'll definitely be back.
I love Indian food and begged my friends to go try this place out with me! The location looks small, but it's actually really roomy when you get inside. The parking lot was really tiny though, but it wasn't crazy crowded so it wasn't too much of an issue. 

With the food, I was really delightfully surprised by this $12 dollar Indian buffet. It was excellent. Some of the food was not as warm as I thought it would be, which was sort of a turn off for me. It probably would have tasted better if it were warmer! I did enjoy the Saag Paneer as well as any dishes that had chicken in it :) 

Our experience with service was good! Our waiter was very friendly and attentive, although he was a bit slow with the check and water. 

Honestly, I would go again. I'm going to get food made-to-order, so it's hot, but I am definitely willing to come back!!! Don't pass this place over and don't forget to use that check-in deal!
My experience with dining at Indian restaurants are pretty much buffet, buffet, non-buffet, and buffet. India Palace is probably my 2nd favorite right now but it's probably still a 3.5 star place. It's located on the south side of Twain some where between Swenson and Paradise.  It's not in the best locations but it's not that far from the Strip or University which is always good.

They offer a lunch buffet M-F for pretty much the same price as every other Indian lunch buffet north of $10. The selections aren't huge but for what they offered mostly delicious. Again I'm not that experienced with Indian food so I don't even know what the dishes are called so I made a plate of everything I liked and took a pic. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/india-palace-las-vegas?select=vWiliowVruUMaseO6VB4sA#HZgrIxObIsFSwoe5_ea8lQ There were a couple dishes which seemed spicier than the other places I've been to and I really enjoyed. The garlic naan here was the best I've had. The red chicken was spicy just the way I liked it. There's potential to be my favorite place but I couldn't, I only really liked maybe 3 or 4 of the items on the buffet.

At the time there was a free lassi with Yelp check-in unfortunately they only accepted one for our entire party but I got it haha. The mango lassi was good, great way to end the meal.

The interior is nice with many tables and a few TV's playing Indian movies. It seemed like a pretty full bar. Their parking situation isn't great. Sevice was alright. I'd be back, during day.
I had the chicken tikka masala and it was delicious. I would have to say this is probably the best masala I have tasted in a long time and I have been to many Indian restraunts around the country.  The Bryani also was tasty! I will be back soon! The flavors were amazing in all the dishes I tried. 

AC
I love it here. Everything we ordered was great! Gary is the friendliest and most helpful waiter. I recommend this place to anyone who is looking for some good indian food and great customer service.
My husband and I went here for the first time.  The papadums were tasty and came with three sauces: mint, spicy and a brown one.  I like the brown one.. not sure what flavor it is.  The mint and spicy sauces were too spicy for me since I'm pregnant.  

Our starters was papdi chaat which was crunchy with a great taste.  For our main courses, we shared the chicken tikka and shrimp jalfrezi with rice and roti.  The rice is a huge portion which we didn't even eat half of.  The chicken tikka was very tasty with the onions and peppers.  The chicken tikka tasted even better with the brown sauce that comes with the papadums.  The shrimp jalfrezi was great over rice and placed on the roti.  The food is delicious.

The service was great.  Indians always know how to give good service.
Vick was personable, attentive and had many great recommendations and made dining here very pleasurable. The food was staggered and kept coming. Start to finish everything was delicious. I get into town 3-4 times per year and definitely will be back next time. Don't miss this little hidden gem off the Strip!
Excellent food.  I got the Tandoori Chicken with the medium spiciness which was perfect.  The chicken was perfectly cooked and the flavor was really, really mouthwatering good.  I also got the Basmati Rice, which was perfect as well. The cheese naan was worth it as well, very soft and fresh with great flavor.  I love the mint sauce that came along with it and the brown sauce was excellent as well.  I will come back the next time I'm in Vegas for business, I ate a bunch of high-end high-rated food in the resorts while I was here and this is what stood out the most.  I'm partial to this kind of stuff, though, but ultimately I'd love to try many other things on their menu after the awesome flavor and great quality of the food I had here this evening.
Surprisingly nice all round. The neighborhood is no great shakes but the restaurant is top notch.
Awesome! First the smells were amazing when I walked into the doors. Then the food was just as delicious as the smells!!
I was bought here a while ago with a friend. I've never eaten Indian food. I'm hooked. This buffet style lets you check out other flavored and spices. I'd come here before 3:00 pm. The buffet starts going down hill. I've never ordered off the menu. Why? When you have so many great flavored at the buffet. I like this place. It's clean cheap and good. So many flavor hit you palette it's not even funny. I'd recommend this place to at least try it out. Olmoosedog out.
Lunch Buffet is typical of most others.  Every time I've been, it's been good...  

Pretty typical buffet selection...

I like it, but it's not that special... Not sure what else to say...
Great food and great service. Vick was awesome!! I live at henderson but I drive all the way here to get masala dosa! It's delicious. I highly recommend this place!
I have only gone for the lunch buffet and I must say it is pretty good. All the servers are nice not great but nice. This is my go to Indian joint when I am craving Indian. Definitely give it a try.
The food in buffet was good n the people nice n friendly. For me the food could have been better if more spicy.... The food and restaurant was good :)
We love India Palace because it has HALAL food that caters to Muslims. Their buffet was superb as always. I am a DOSA lover. This is the only buffet restaurant with DOSA included.  Garry was our server and as always he gave 100% while serving us. We appreciate him as always. Garry was great with suggestions when asked about the food there. Thanks again for the being the best, Garry!
Food was delicious.  We loved the Vegetarian dinner, such great flavor and a beautiful presentation.  I also liked the fact that when I ordered a "mild" dish, it was mild.  Yummo!
As residents of Las Vegas, my husband and I have been to many Indian cuisine restaurants throughout the city.  When we discovered India Palace through Restaurant.com, we have never been to another Indian restaurant since!  They say one of the signs of a good ethnic restaurant is when you observe a lot of people of that ethnicity dining there.  Well, we have.  And one time, even an entire tour bus of Indian people came in.  That's because the food is excellent and authentic.  Also, we enjoy mixed cocktails and most Indian restaurants only serve beer and wine.  India Palace has a full bar.  And the service is exceptional!  We have come to know Garry, and he takes care of us almost every time.  He's very committed to our comfort and that we are having the best dining experience.  Parking is super easy, right in front, and it's easy to get to.  It's right off of a main intersection.  We couldn't recommend it more!
Personable and lovely staff.  Food is amazing!  I wish I could give it a thousand stars.... found my new favorite restaurant.
Best Indian food in Las Vegas in my opinion. However I have only eaten at 4 total. If there is a better one please let me know, but this India Palace is legit! 

I really love everything on the menu but my favorites are  the chicken vindaloo, tiki masala, lamb samosa, raita, garlic naan bread, tandoori chicken.. Mango Lassi is a must also!

You aren't going to get the most incredible service here but the place is clean and has a very nice classy atmosphere.  It's all about the food here.
The Lamb Korma is one of the best things I've ever eaten and service is impeccable, even when using discount. Definitely reasonable pricing and portions, don't let the neighborhood scare you this is a superior Indian place to many in fancier locations!  I've come here for ladies lunch and family dinner same happy tummy:)
India Palace has been my go-to Indian food spot for a while now. I stick to lunch buffets as I don't really mess with dinner at most Indian restaurants; its usually just the same served a la carte at higher prices. 

Palace along with majority of the all the Indian restaurants in town is located in a somewhat shady area just north of UNLV. While the area might suck, IP is probably the nicest building in the area which helps a bit. 

Going into a Indian lunch buffet I know exactly what I want to eat: chicken tikka (the boneless chicken chunks in the creamy orange sauce), saag (spinch dip with extra butter), samosas, rice and naan. Based of this, India Palace delivers a great lunch buffet. The food is refreshed regularly (frequency depends on how busy it is) and the quality has been consistent. My one gripe is that they never give you enough naan and make you wait when you request more.

The restaurant as I mentioned is pretty nice, recently renovated and is great for large groups or more intimate meetings but the parking is terrible. Service is average, they've messed up my check several times and I have had to call them out on it every time. 

Remember the yelp check in for a free mango lassie (only 1 per table wtf?) and the yelp deal!
Sorry to say this is not a restaurant I would return to. We eat Indian on  are regular basis, and I would say the food is average, maybe a bit above, however the main issue was the service.

Our waiter was extremely friendly, however we were there on a Friday night, and there was not a crowd, it was a best 20% full.  First, they had a full bar, but they were NOT serving drinks.  Apparently they sent the bartender out on a delivery, and no one else could mix drinks.  Why they did this on a Friday night is totally beyond me.

We also had issues with the waiter, while friendly, both waiters I noticed spent the majority of the night on the phone.  Not taking orders, just talking.  We struggled to get their attention when we needed to, and several things were missed on our order.

Food was extremely reasonable, however the service issues were simply too much for us to overcome, and thus we will not go back.
Ive been here 2 times. Not located in the best neighborhood but it doesnt bother me because when we walk in, its very clean and friendly.  As we walked in, we saw a wall full of pictures and saw the owner photographed with some celebrities that have also been there. One that caught my eye was the celeb that played the host in Slumdog millionaire. As they escorted us to our table, we get greeted by waiters that remembered us from last time. There has been a lot of customers both times we have been there but still got amazing service. 

Plus, My mother in law who is from England is very picky when it comes to food. Before she left to England we took her to eat here. 

She loves Indian food and brags about the indian food restaurants in England. But when my husband and I brought her here, she ate so much she couldnt stop saying how delicious it all was. 
The service has been super both times. 
We will be back.
Excellent Indian food at a great price! If you are feeling overwhelmed by the strip and are looking for a quiet and delicious dining option go here! Everything on the menu is soo good and the wait staff are attentive and grateful. Constant thank yous even when you are being waited on. Garry is especially kind and knowledgable, if you put your order in his hands he will make sure you are happy.
So what are you waiting for go eat here now!
First off this review is for the so-called 'Customer Service' here, so let me begin. 

My friend and I had been waiting all week to finally come to this spot to try Indian for the first time.  I had read all the great reviews about the Chicken Tikka Masala and how good the garlic naan was so we were pretty excited about it.

As we entered we weren't really greeted politely, we were kind of looked at like we were lost.  I asked the waiter if we could have a table for 2, so he pointed and said booth 3, so we walked to the nearest empty booth he was possibly referring to.  We sat for about a couple minutes till the same waiter came over and said "you're here for the buffet right?" We looked at each other confused because it was our first time there so I asked him if we were able to order from the menu, he looked annoyed and went over and grabbed a couple menus and brought them over.

My friend and I were already set on ordering ourselves the Chicken Tikka Masala because of the great reviews and the garlic naan as well. We waited a few more minutes then a different waiter approached us and asked us if we were here for the buffet.  I politely said no we are first timers and not too sure what was being served at the buffet.  He then described all the choices, I asked if the chicken tikka masala was available and he had said no, I also had asked if the garlic naan would be available at the buffet and he said no they would have to make it in the back and bring it out.  He was really trying to push us to eat at the buffet but we were really set on trying the dish we wanted.  So he took our order of 2 Chicken Tikka Masalas and the Garlic Naan.

I then asked about the free Mango Lassi you receive if you check in on yelp.  My friend and I both showed our check-ins, then he says that only one person per table with a coupon gets a free Mango Lassi (which was NOT stated on the coupon or app that it only applies for 1 person. SO if you're going with a friend or friends, be prepared that only ONE of you will get a free Mango Lassi if you check in here)

During the time while waiting for our order no one approaches us and let's us know our food will be ready soon, or to re-fill our water cups or to check in on us at all.  

Finally our food comes out and it's a pretty small bowl of the Chicken Tikka Masala, a few small pieces of boneless chicken submerged in like 5 ounces of their sauce and spices, but it smells delicious, then a basket of the naan which really wasn't much since we both shared two pieces each, and a bowl of rice to share between the both of us. (I thought per order of a dish you get your own rice, but I thought wrong.)

Food definitely 5 Stars.  Being a first timer I was satisfied, but for the price of 2 bowls of chicken tikka masala, sharing a bowl of rice and an order of garlic naan (which came out to be a little over $20 each) I'm disappointed.  Not too sure if he had charged us the dinner price and gave us a lunch size meal. 

All in all my friend and I both enjoyed the Flavors of Indian food for the first time, but will probably NEVER come back here again.
Whoever heard of serving Chicken Masala without rice? An outrage. This place serves chicken masala in a bowl full of sauce and expects you to eat it without soaking up the sauce with rice. About halfway through my meal when I had little chicken and a lot of sauce left the waiter finally asked me if I wanted some rice. Little did I know at the time that the rice (barely enough for two) would cost an extra $4.....outrageous! I have NEVER been to an india restaurant that didn't serve their dishes with rice on the side. But this one seems to want to soak you for every dollar they can get. Decent food but at a steep price. I wont be back.
My boyfriend and I went here because of a group-on deal for dinner in which you spend $37 and get $25 off. Overall the food took a bit longer than expected to receive (especially since it was slow night customers wise) however it was worth the wait. Along with this they were good about refilling our drinks and clearing our plates at the end. Plus they took the group on without issue (something I see a lot of restaurants trying to get out of when I use groupons of some kind)
I love this place. The food is so fresh and cooked to perfection. It's difficult to find good Indian food in Las Vegas, so this restaurant is quite a gem. Our waiter, Manny, was just wonderful, very attentive and helpful. Also, the coffee was fantastic.
3.5 stars overall. I go to a lot of Indian restaurants, mostly in LA. This is my first in Vegas. Food was okay.

FOOD:
Mixed Veggie Pakora (4 stars): Not too oily so you don't feel too guilty. 

Naan (4 stars): Fluffy and yummy. This was actually really good here!

Chicken Tikka (4 stars): Juicy and moist chicken, really good. I'd recommend this. 

Mixed vegetables (1 star): Burnt vegetables. No flavor! I can't even believe they would serve this. The veggies were half black from being burnt. 

Requested a scrambled egg curry (3.5 stars): Was more of just dry scrambled eggs, didn't have a curry sauce. We asked for a curry sauce on the side and it made it taste better. 

SERVICE (4 stars):
The guy helping us was really nice. Listened to what we wanted and kept saying he understood our special requests but when the curry and sauces we requested came out they weren't what we wanted. So, I think he just thought he knew what we wanted. He did try though which was nice. 

ATMOSPHERE (4 stars):
Nice place on the inside. Clean and spacious. They have long tables in the middle for big groups, and booths on the side.
Everything was alright. Except when I presented the yelp coupon, the waiter gave a bad look !!!
PS: The bill came to 0 after the coupon :p
Good food and huge menu, but service isn't always as responsive as it could be.
I love this India restaurant. Probably the best one in Las Vegas. The prices are very reasonable & the service is awesome. I like how they always have Indian music/ videos playing for their customers & also to show everyone what's the Indian culture is about. I think they also do have a buffet for lunch for $11 all u can eat. I have yet to try that but everytime I go there I get the chicken biryani. My all time fav Indian fried rice. I also do recommend  for all the new comers to Try out the chicken Tikka Masala & the Shish kebabs. Let me tell you if u don't like spicy food u may have a problem eating here. But hey, u can also try mild but where the fun in that. Overall I like the restaurant & the food is delicious. A MUST TRY INDIAN RESTAURANT if u live or visiting VEgas.
I took my cousin to try this place as she had never had indian before and was interested in trying it. She loved it! We ordered the chicken tikka and a lamb vindaloo. Both were excellent, but the chicken tikka was amazing. I was pleasantly surprised to see my old friend Vimil (Vick) working here now. He took great care of us. I love the location of this place, right next door to my favorite gay bar. I need to go back to try the lunch buffet. 

If you love indian food or have never tried it, I highly recommend this place. Ask for Vick and he will help you figure out what to order.
Loved this place ... We went to this place on a Saturday night before a show and can't enough good things about this place.

Pros:  awesome service - very funny and down to earth, fantastic food, clean restrooms, fast service, and again ... The food was terrific.  Loved the big screen tv and the Indian music videos - nice touch.

Cons:  lady welcoming us at the front door could have smiled once or twice, but no big deal.

Would definitely rinse and repeat !
Typical liars.  I just went through a painstaking process of choosing items from their online menu for delivery only to be told "we dont deliver"  I called them on their lie since they advertise that they do both online and on their website.  They even have an online delivery order tool.  I got pissed, telling them how much time I wasted trying to order vegan for a big party.  They admitted that they selectively didnt deliver tonight, then hung up on me.  False advertising. They deserve to lose business.
Wow! Found my new favorite Indian joint! The food here is amazing. I had dinner and ordered the Korma Chicken and lets just say I'm hooked. The flavor and texture of the dish was something I've never had before and I've been eating Indian food for a while. The atmosphere is great & open. Nice well stocked bar & Bollywood playing on several flat screens. I believe the  owner is the bartender & a Russell Peters look-a-like. LOL The night I came there was a bus load of Indian tourists but the restaurant was well planned in advance. Prior to their arrival I would say there was a fairly large amount of Indian locals so you know the food is good. The free mango lassi was a great compliment to our meal. Garry our server is awesome and attentive. He's been there for 7 years so be sure to ask for him to get the best service. All in all this place gets 5 stars and despite the area it was still a safe place to park and not worry about the surrounding area.
Ok, so I came back again and had deplorable service. The good food wasn't good enough for the slow, in attentive and at times rude staff. Not to mention a side of regular, plain rice is $4.
Food was good! But the service was typical indian. (Not the best) 
Would definitely recommend if you are close by and want to eat indian food.
We don't eat much Indian food, but this place was amazing. Our waiter Vick was excellent and took very good care of us. We let him select our meals for us! Chicken tika masala and the lamb rogan josh!

We highly recommend this place (we were only ones there at 4, so we had the place to ourselves).
I was craving Indian food on our trip so I found this on Yelp of course. The food was excellent! Vick was awesome and if I get back to Vegas, I will visit again!
Awsome food and best service
Man, I think we just beat the rush! 

3 of us took a cab over here on Sunday evening for a quiet, off-strip meal. The yelp reviews spoke highly of this place so why not? 

We grabbed our free mango lassies with the check in and also purchased the $20 for $30 deal as we sat down. Oddly our waiter was a little cold when he took our drinks order but by the end of the evening he was all smiles and jokes. 

The food portions were healthy without being obnoxious. 

Though the place was largely empty when we stepped in around 6, by the time we left, there were a good 20-30 people lined up for the buffet. Clearly a popular choice.
Best indian restaurant hands down!!! Ask for Gary for 5 star service! Vegan friendly 
Great selection of Indian beers. Haywards 5000 and Flying horse my top picks.
Great food. Great service. Our server Garry was extremely helpful with helping us with the menu selections. Everyone was friendly. Food was amazing!
I went in to Indian Palace last week while visiting Las Vegas and went to this place all 3 days either for lunch or dinner . The food was very authentic , service was great. Highly recommend this place for folks who like traditional Indian ( Punjabi) food.
I've eaten here twice. The first time was for the lunch buffet and this was before they remodeled. The food was delicious.

So I went again during dinner. WHAT. A. MESS.

For a place nestled in a shadier neighborhood, I didn't think reservations would be necessary. When we came in, we were seated at a table that still had remnants and water glasses from the last diners. We kept trying to flag a server down, but no one would even look our way. 

I'm very patient, but not 20 minutes of no service patient. I usually give places/servers the benefit of the doubt, but it was absolutely ridiculous even after we flagged someone and they said someone would be right with us. I've never walked out of a restaurant due to bad service or even bad food, but one can only wait so long.

If my memory wasn't tarnished by that experience, I'd try the place again. Otherwise, this place needs to be aware of their diners. I won't be going back again.
Good food, do not get Rasmalai ,
I have been to India five times and love Indian food. This place is fantastic!  The menu has several things that are not usually on the menu ( vada, dosa, goat dishes and ground chicken).  We started off with papadum served with three fragrant dipping sauces- coriander chutney, chili chutney and  tamarind. I was already sold. Each one was flavorful and pungent. We then moved on to an all vegetarian meal. The Dahi vada ( lentil cake with yogurt and tamarind )were to die for- moist, with a thin aromatic sauce. They are often dry with a heavy sauce not here !  We also has Malai Kofta, which was also delicious, aloo tikka with channa, and Bindi Masala (okra). I cannot say enough good things. We were three people and we had a lot of leftovers to take home 
Our waiter was Garry and he was all smiles and so appreciative that we liked the food. I can't wait to go back!
It was our first time at India Palace and it was a terrific experience. Vick was a great server with recommendations and very attentive.  We will definitely return.
This place is a BOMB!!!! Their food is 1000000 times better than those hotel buffet costing $$$. It has a great collection of legitimate Indian foods ranging from South to North India. And we got a deal on living social ($30 for $15) plus free mango lassi on Yelp. What a dope deal!!!! If you want to save money on food and party more, this is a place to go!
Best Indian food I've ever had!  Our waiter Vick was amazing!  I have celiac disease and cannot eat gluten. .. He took excellent care of us. I wish I could bring him AND the food back to Reno with me!
After watching the movie, Life of Pi on Blu-Ray, I was craving for Indian food. Found this place thanks to Groupon. My friend and I decided to hit up this place after she was done drunk shopping at Fashion Show Mall. LOL.

Came around 6 for dinner. Right after we sat down, there was an influx of customers for dinner. Whew. Got the orders in and didn't have to wait long. Ordered the following:

Appetizer Combo - Samosa, Aloo Tikki, Veggie, Chicken and Paneer Pakora. This was the first plate that came out. Duh, it's an appetizer. It's pretty decent and sharing it with two people is good enough.I enjoyed the samosa and the paneer pakora the most. 

Chicken Tikka Masala and Fish Tikka Masala with plain Basmati Rice. Ok, so the entree is where my heart somewhat melts. Got them both at medium spicy. It was too much gravy-yyy and not enough meat. Meat - gravy ratio: 1:3. 

Bottom line, I would hit up this place again, but would try the lunch buffet.
Because the Groupon wasn't allowed to use for lunch buffet, we went for normal entree menus. And glad we did!

Items selected:

- Masala Dosa: Thin crispy rice crepes filled with deliciously spiced potatoes & onions
- Chicken Tikka Masala: Tandoori white chicken marinated in yogurt & spices, simmered in a creamy tomato sauce
- Mango Lassi: Check-in bonus!

For Dosa, my all time favorite has been http://www.dosasf.com in SF, but India Palace does it in a different way. More crispy and lighter, which was really good!

Chicken Tikka Masala was also very good, and the naan was tasty. For basic items, execution is everything and they did quite well. Fresh and hot, no stale leftovers we usually see in lunch buffet were observed.

I'll return for the dosa.
Lunch buffet was decent but I know three other Indian restaurants within a mile that have food that is better than anything I ate here.
Great service and delicious food! Definitely will be back for more of that vegetarian dinner special and garlic naan!
Love coming here one of my favorite Indian restaurants in Las Vegas! Everytime I've come here I've had excellent service. Gary has been out server the past several times and he always makes our time enjoyable. Hands down this food is AMAZING. I love atmosphere here as well, very refreshing. Worth the drive from Summerlin each time! I'll be continuing to come here when I crave authentic Indian food!
This was such tasty punjabi food, I just loved it, we were visiting with family from India and even if my taste buds have changed a lot living here, they said this was the best that they have seen so far, the place got really crowded soon after we were seated that did not frazzle them a bit, service was awesome, food arrived in no time and in all one of my best experiences for Indian food in a place filled with visitors, can't wait to go back. : ))
Decided to go vegetarian with couple of friends and ordered Malai Kofta, Matter Paneer, Baigan Bhartha and all three items were excellent. The bread basket was great value and nans were perfect. Service by Garry was awesome. We will be back soon!!
We went in with little expectations, food was absolutely delicious. We tried the buffet.. the spread was generous and at a pretty affordable 13$ pre tax. Would highly recommend paneer saag and the masala chai..
My jam! We've been coming to India Palace for the past 9 years, and though we've tried two other Indian restaurants in town closer to where we live, we always come back and make that 20 minute drive because it is the best. Service wise (meaning the "friendliness" of the servers) is hit or miss, but that is me being nit picky. They always bring us what we need, we never have to wait for drink or naan refills, and I come for the food - not the the smiles! I recommend this place to everyone I know!
We purchased a Living Social deal $15 for $30 credit on a recent trip to Vegas-- I gotta say, I would definitely go back even without the deal. 

Pros: THE FOOD. Reasonably priced. These were more than enough for two people. (We had leftovers & ordered extra naan for later)
Lamb Rogan Josh $15.95 
Plain Basmati Rice $3.95
Chicken Tikka masala $14.95
Garlic Naan $2.95
Their free mango drink when you check in is soooo goood. 

Cons: Nothing really. Just the service was a little slow. They had a private party going on in another room. But our server, Garry, was great!

Basically, worth checking out. Bomb Indian food. Entertaining music videos on tv. Friendly staff.
Don't let the sketchy area keep you away, the food pisses amazing! I've been twice and had the goat curry both times. I actually stabbed my dinner partner in the hand when he reached for a bite. The cheese bread is so good and is perfect with the green mint sauce. The staff is excellent at describing the dishes and both times they have brought me samples from the kitchen at no charge! I would have given 4 stars if not for the fact I found hair in my goat the last time I visited. It ended the meal, I but I will likely be back for more. I'll just hope there are hairnets back in the kitchen.
This restaurant,  in a small shopping plaza, features the cuisine of both India and Nepal.  We shared traditional Nepalese entrees of chili chicken and meat momo as recommended by Max Jacobsen.  The waiter asked how spicy would we like our chili chicken - Indian spicy was my reply.  Wow - call the fire department - we are talking smoking hot!  Each order of meat momo order includes 9 momos (I love that word) which are steamed dumplings stuffed with ground turkey and vegetables.  We also ordered naan, 2 mango lassis (yogurt based beverages) and 2 desserts (khir and Lal Mohan). The former is basmati rice in milk with raisins and nuts and the latter is similar to or the same as Gulab Jamun, but a bit denser
Good restaurant with mediocre at best service and decor. 

The food was good, a mixure of Indian and Nepalese food. The curries were quite tasty and Naan was great. However, I was expecting more Nepalese and Himalayan food and less more traditional Indian food fare. However, all in all cuisine aspect of the place is definitely above average.

Service was poor. We came in for an early dinner (around 5PM), and the place was empty. A few Nepalese gentleman (friends of the owner, I presume) were sitting together talking business and writing stuff on notepad right in front of the customers--not professional. That would have been okay, but to top it off, one of the managers, or possibly the owner was also serving the tables and was quite slow with water/drink refills and was very rude in questions about different, unfamiliar menu items. He even had a smirk on his face a couple of times. The tables were unimpressive and some of the booths were ripped in places and patched together with tape.

Overall, for me to return to this place, I would have to make sure that the server/manager was not there that day and that it was busier so I do not have to see creepy business conversations. But, I may come back and recommend this place for unique and tasty food.
good food and a surprisingly sophisticated beer and wine menu.  have yet to have something there that wasn't delicious.  hit the lunch buffet for a nice selection of what they have to offer or order off the descriptive (and slightly humorously written) menu.  if you like it hot (and i mean HOT..this is one of the few places i have been to in a while that will make it hot enough for me) don't be afraid to say so...they will accommodate you.  however, if they suggest a heat level for a dish, my experiences there are to listen to them and enjoy the subtle nuances that too much spicy might cover...you can always ask for something spicy on the side if you want to heat it up.  be sure to check what the specials are...often unique and tasty.  good variety and a place that can accommodate your vegan and vegetarian friends, as well.

head there for happy hour (can't remember the exact time) and enjoy the two for one beer prices.  they have a diverse selection from around the world, including some great belgian-style ales as well as a couple of organic brews.  or try the ginger energy tea....just the thing to pick you up.

**edit 4/10/09....the place in under new management...wasn't happy w/ the food or service the last time i was there (hard to get them to make it hot nemore).  i know they have a different chef than when i gave my first review....will give it another shot, but it isn't the same place as it was

***edit 6/1/09...went again last friday.  food was lackluster....not bad, but not at all what it was.  sad that the place that used to have awesome flavor and spice served me two bland entrees.  would drop it to two stars if it didn't have a decent price....and one of my friends did like one of the two things she got.

****edit 12/15/10...THEY'RE BACK!!! very happy to say that the food has been really good the past couple of times i have been there. and the lunch buffet is still good and reasonably priced! thumbs up
Went to the lunch buffet here and everything was pretty forgettable.   I agree with everything Carly said...except for the cute waiter part.  No point in coming back here when there so many better Indian lunch buffets.
I enjoyed dinner here a lot - the service was outstanding with lots of suggestions and guidance. I ordered the mango chicken - "how spicy on a scale of 1 to 10...", asked our waiter, "...10 being a volcano and 1 being a babbling brook!" I ummm and then ordered 7. That was a modestly spicy curry with a sweet tang to it just as promised. The  stuffed paratha has some potato and peas, but not enough for my Indian colleague's liking ;).

This place is also a hidden gem for beer. The beer menu is extensive, but there were also an additional 15 beers recently added! "Take a look before you choose", said our waiter as he pointed to the table with 20 beer bottles on. So I did. And came back with a pint bottle of Belgian lager. Very nice with my mango chicken.

Try this place. I didn't try the buffet. All in all, the portions are good - my colleague and I shared the curry and rice and we had paratha each. I had a beer too and the bill was $38 incl tip. The decor isn't as nice as the Nepalese place in Pasadena, CA, but it's pleasant enough. 

Our taxi driver didn't know the name of this place but he'd seen it. But, considering Vegas isn't necessarily a place of culture it's no bad thing if Himalayan is a little obscure and off the beaten track.
I LOVE Indian food. It has by far surpassed Mexican food on my list of food I could eat daily.

Unfortunately my boyfriend (who I spend the majority of my time with) does not feel the same. In fact, he specifically asks that we do not have Indian food when I am choosing the restaurant. So consider my complete elation when he suggested I look up an Indian food restaurant to go to while visiting Las Vegas. 

After looking online (not on Yelp, for some reason) I decided on Himalayan Cuisine.  And JESUS were we happy.

1. They took reservations. I appreciate this because very few restaurants in Sacramento do.
2. It is OFF the strip. Look, dining on the strip is typically expensive, annoying and tasteless, I was hoping that this place would be where the locals go - and it was.
3. The food was fantastic. My boyfriend LOVED his dish, the waiter AND the owner both suggested fantastic wine and appetizers and my dish was spicy and delicious.
4. The coconut dessert is absolute heaven. And I don't like coconut.
5. The owner is AMAZING. Not only was he friendly and took his time recommending wine to us, he brought us out a sample of his favorite wine and even toasted with us. By the end of the evening we were inviting him to the Double Down for a drink. 

This place was absolutely wonderful. We left with full bellies, Lucky Beer and a special discount on our next bill (oh yes, we will be back).
Update: 
New decor. Bigger restaurant. Same fabulous beer menu. Same silly menu. But the name has changed and there's now a lunch buffet.

Sadly, the new lunch buffet is almost all Indian food with little Himalayan or Nepalese. BUT....this is one of the best Indian restaurants in Vegas, and I'd even put it up there with some of the best Indian food in the San Francisco Bay Area.

This ain't your typical greasy Indian buffet. The food is fresh and delicious. This is one of the best budget restaurants in town and my old review gave them 4 stars, but I'm adding another star for the new, beautiful decor.

Old review: 
1) Why go to a Himalayan restaurant and get Indian food?
2) Maybe it's because this place has been under new ownership for about 9 months but at least half the menu is Nepalese/Himalayan food. Yes, there is Indian food on the menu. But I didn't eat any of it and you don't have to either unless you want to.
3) there is no lunch buffet anymore.

We had the Nepalese Sampler Platter (split one between two of us which was plenty of food for a not-heavy dinner) and it was wonderful! The only thing that looked even remotely Indian was the dessert.

We had some kind of black eyed pea dhal-ish kind of thing that was a bit bland but still nourishing and tasty.

A cucumber, potato, cilantro salad was one of the tastiest things I've ever eaten.

The lamb was scrumptious. I'm not huge on chicken but it was pretty good.
There was some kind of bamboo shoot salad that was oddly compelling. No clue what was in it.

And the momo! Oh man it is ALL ABOUT the MOMO!! I could eat these tasty dumplings all day long.

Phenomenal beer selection. Friendly owner. Great food.

If you like spice, don't ask for 5. The 5 was really quite mild.
Rarely do I find myself in gastrointestinal distress, but after a gigantic four-course dinner the night before with many glasses of booze and servings of meat the size of my head, my poor tum was crying uncle and all I wanted was something fibrous and unadulterated by animal products. 

I'm a bit biased because I know the owner of the joint, but I don't think he would have served me any less of a fantastic meal had I been some schmo off the strip.  I ate a gingered daal, smoky green beans and potatoes, chickpeas and spinach, and cauliflower in a yogurt sauce accompanied by a mango lassi and was perfectly happy.

Although I am not a big drinker, Rajan loves his alcomohol and keeps fabulous and strange beverages for your pleasure, of both the brew and grape variety.  Heck, if I'm not going to drink it, you may as well, but hands off that dessert wine.
Visited Vegas this week with my boyfriend and his coworkers and it was our pleasure to  take them to this place. Again, fantastic service, great food and fully bellies. The waiter had us all laughing and talking and the food had us in a bit of a coma.  

Thank you thank you and we will be back again.
This is my favorite Indian place in town. Their food is very tasty and well spiced and the Naan bread is hot and crisp. The service is attentive. Unfortunately they don't have the lunch buffet anymore =(
The food was not exceptional, just good solid vegetarian indian food--but wait! The tibetan food was really good, and I hadn't seen a lot of it before. The sauces were a little underspiced, and the vegetables a little not varied enough, but I still definitely recommend this place. Its menu has a lot of attitude and wonderfully designates all the dishes which can be made vegan--I really appreciated this. The only really downside of the dinner was the owner, who was chatty to an extreme as we were trying to leave. I recommend the channa masala and the tibetan dish similar to yakisoba.
I like this place and dine there frequently. It's almost always quiet and empty, which I like. The menu is cleverly written and the food has never disappointed me.

Try the makhani!

Service can be a little uneven. Sometimes they will bring dishes without serving spoons, or present a shared appetizer without plates so you have to ask for them. At times I've had to flag them down to get the check. 

Sometimes the kitchen is a little odd. The menu says the tomato soup has paneer, but I recently ordered it and it came without it. So I had them redo it. I was there again last week and as I was ordering the soup I asked about this, and had to point to the menu where it says the soup has paneer. No really, it says paneer, I like paneer, bring it to me with the paneer!

I am a little worried about them, however . . . they used to have the biggest beer list in Las Vegas, but now if you want to order beer, they are out of stock of almost everything on the list. They point you to a table where you can look at what is available, and I'd guess there are less than ten selections. Not a good sign that they are not sticking to the brand promise of an amazing beer list. Times are tough I guess, and no one wants to order expensive inventory that is going to sit.
Let's get right into this.  The service is adequate.  I haven't really tried Napalese food, but I thought it was okay.  The place looked comfortable.   The server was a bit slow at times even though there were hardly any people.  I also tried a few of the Indian food, and it was also decent.  I've only tried this place in Las Vegas for Indian food, but I don't think it's up there compared to other Indian food I've had in other states.  However, it was ok even though I think the prices could be better.
This is a wonderful place for vegetarians, and all the more so since vegetarians don't get too many great options in Las Vegas.  The food is varied, delicious, and healthy.  The prices are pretty reasonable for the high quality of food.

For visitors, I'll start by saying that this is slightly over a mile off the Strip, so in most weather you'll need to drive.  However my wife and I walked down from Bellagio on New Year's Day and the weather was perfect, both sunny and cool, and it was about 25 minutes walk in each direction.

Note that this food is Nepali food, not Indian.  If you go expecting it to taste exactly like Indian, you'll be disappointed.  As an Indian from Silicon Valley, I'll say that I like Nepali food a lot, because it has more delicate spices and seasonings, it's a whole lot less oily, and it's hard to find around where I live.  In particular, I like the food here better than what I get in most Indian restaurants in my area, even the popular ones.

We tried the Vegan Sampler platter for two ($28) and were not disappointed.  There was a mixed bean and lentil soup called kwati that had a delightful smoky flavor.  There were a few other curries including a garbanzo spinach combination and a potato cauliflower combination, each had its own different flavor and all the ingredients tasted FRESH.  Loved it.  All this came on a plate with whole wheat bread and rice.  We also had samosas as appetizers, and they were good though not spectacular like the rest.  We had hot tea (a tasty organic variety) rather than wine, but next time I'm going to try something from the intriguing wine list.

We left happy and well filled, though not heavy because the food was not rich.  Of course, your mileage may vary, and you might find it bland.  Also I can't comment on the non-vegetarian food.  We intentionally ordered our food mild because we wanted to taste the seasoning and spices, and it was a good choice for us.  You can order it spicy if you like your chilies.  Overall, I enthusiastically recommend this restaurant for vegetarians visiting Las Vegas, and meat-eaters can try it too if they get tired of the steakhouses and the seafood buffets.  It's a great pity I only found it on the last day of our trip, otherwise I'd have skipped one of the buffets and eaten here twice.
It was excellent! I was a little embarassed because I couldn't remember what the yogurt drink i like was called (lassi) and couldn't find it on the menu, but they new what i was talking about and brought it right away. It was all fabulous, we will definitely return!
I went here with my uncle and his girlfriend when they visited from California.  My uncle liked the weekend thali special because it included a complimentary glass of champagne.  His girlfriend liked it because it was all-you-can-eat.  I liked it because even the thali special wasn't bad.  One of the dishes, the lentil soup, left a great deal to be desired, but everything else was fresh and tasty.  When the lunch special is mostly good and nothing makes you shudder, then the regular menu is usually superb.  I also like that they do a lunch-wallah card delivery service to UNLV.  I might consider it next semester.
Went to this restaurant because my brother saw a lot of "Recession Special" ads on billboards and since he was craving for Indian food, we ended up going there for his birthday brunch.  Presentation was good, portions were on the "smaller" side but then again, majority of Indian food comes that size!  We had the Lamb Kurma, Tandori Chicken, and several folks in my party had the "all-you-can-eat".  The place was PACKED for a Saturday afternoon -- and there was only 1 poor waiter running around pouring water, taking orders, cleaning tables,... and he was probably the cook too 'cause we waited and waited and waited for our food.  Not being too "graphic", hours after brunch, I wasn't feeling too great.  Later that day when I told my brother, he said, "Oh,... I forgot to tell you that last week when we tried to come for lunch, the Health Department shut it down due to some "pipes issues", supposedly."  Nice....  bro!!!  Happy *@$#(*@(*#( Bday!  :-/
The best indian restaurant Ive been to. I am not a big fan of Indian food.

This is the only Indian restaurant I ever enjoy. Ive been to 10 different Indian restaurant and do not like Indian food.

If your a vegetarian, this is the place and it is awesome for you.

I am not. 

I did enjoy there yellow curry and clossal shrimp dish.

The price is fair. Lunch deal is excellent.

The service is friendly and have excellent selection of beer and wine.
Great food at a good price. In Las Vegas this is not easy to find. This is not generic indian food. The menu is varied, creative and will please both vegetarians and carnivores. The service was friendly and good. The restaurant is being remodeled and said it will have a Lassi bar.
Walking 6 miles in Las Vegas in 110 degree weather may have not been such a great idea but walking to Himalayan Cuisine was. Since I didn't want to have Indian food that I could eat anywhere else, I opted to try something from Tibet or Nepal. Since their lunch specials were mostly Indian, I ordered from the menu. 

The Tibetan/Nepalese section was rather sparse in comparison to the Indian section and chose one of two vegan options. I ordered the Chau Chau which was a flavorful blend of noodles and vegetables with chili paste. The dish was pretty good though I wish there was more variety than just noodles and was happy that I chose the half order which was sufficient enough to fill my stomach and left me craving for dessert. The half order was similarly priced as the lunch special. They offered one vegan dessert option which was absolutely amazing. I tried the Gajar Haluwa which is a carrot "pudding" that consisted of carrots chopped up very small and sweetened by its own juices mixed with raisins. Apparently nuts were also in the "pudding" though I didn't see any. Their red tea peach iced tea was also delicately sweetened and refreshing for the hot weather. 

The atmosphere is alright. It is a lot more casual than it looks on their website. Their right wall is under construction pending a Lassi bar and they use paper napkins instead of fancy napkins. I can only hope that the Lassi bar will include some non-dairy options!
I just love the food here. 

For the time being I honestly think this is the best place to get Indian/himalayan food in town. 
They are doing some big renovations right at this moment but when it's done they will have their lunch buffet open. 
I think it will be pretty nice on the inside once they finish, but for now you have to deal with the black tarp that divides the place up. 
I have eaten there two times in the last week and a hand full of times a year or so ago. I will say the food is much better this time around. I brought my family and we tried several dishes and everything was great. 
I ate there again yesterday and still consistently great.

OH almost forgot. they offer a good amount of vegan options and organic ingredients. (half of my family are vegans)
the food and service is great here. it's much fancier than the older version, looks like they're revamping the interior.. but i was most floored when i saw the words "vegan" and "organic" on menu items.. i had to do a double take.. and was pretty skeptical while awaiting my dish but was pleasantly surprised - the food was fresh, not too salty, perfectly seasoned. 
oh yeah, it's about 50% indian & i recommend this place for indian food too. 
PS.
 TRY THE ROSE BALLS ( don't remember the actual name on the menu) they are the donuts thingys flavored with rose water. i've tried these many times in different cities but these are hands down the  most delectable.
This place is so good.  The best place to get indian food in Las Vegas and the food is slightly cheaper than other indian places.  And get this, you get the rice for free!  OMG...what your not gonna charge me ten dollars for basic white rice which, is almost should be an inalienable right like freedom? 

The Makhani with vegetables is delicious.  Malia Kofta is creamy, and not to rich and the kofta balls are nice and fresh.

The saag tastes super fresh, not like canned spinach.

The beers are on the pricey side but, I tried the kingfisher beer and enjoyed it immensely.  

I got a mango lassi for dessert and it was delicious.
The food is good here; got the "LSD", which is lamb in some spicy sauce (sorry not an Indian/Nepalese food expert) and I believe there is a hint of curry.  It was served with something reminiscent of grits and a green leafy vegetable.  I tried the mango drink, surprisingly good.  I definitely liked how low key it is and the server was polite.
i went to this place last week with my sister and two other people who have never tried Indian food, and we all loved it. We had the Indian sampler for $30 and the Vertical Vindaloo and it was all delicious. The sampler, one other entree and extra order of naan was enough for the 4 of us. The service was also great. I definitely would recommend this place to anyone who wanted to try Indian or even just something different.
How wonderful to find this place off Rainbow!

Chris, the owner, who is ALWAYS working, is wonderful, and makes a point to great all guests, and visit the tables to say hello and make you feel appreciated.

Inside decor is still being worked on, but even in mid-decoration, it's a nice atmosphere.

Great beer list with good prices!  Try the Pirate - $8 @ 10% with an amazing flavour - you definitely get your money's worth on that one!

Everything we tried there was wonderful: the Chau Chau (sp?)Chicken, the Lamb Vindaloo, Chicken Biryani, Chicken Chili, Naan, Mango ice cream....fabulous!  And the yogurt topping is fantastic - a definite must with the spicy dishes.  Servings are well-presented, all come with superb rice, and generous portions.

Great service, wonderful food, and decent prices (entrees ranged from $10-13, and the lunch buffet is a steal for $10).

Mmmmm.....I only wish I lived closer!  OR, even better, that Chris will open up a Mint in San Diego :-)
Having recently been burned by overpriced terrible tasting food at another Indian restaurant in the area *cough* Bollywood *cough* we were hesitant to try more Indian cuisine. We were having a tough time coming up with a new place to visit so I went to Yelp. I started looking up various ethnic cuisines and I did a search for Nepalese food. Much to my surprise a place called Mint Indian Bistro showed up. After reading the reviews it seemed like the place had a mix of Himalayan and Northern Indian cuisine. So we made a resolution, we'll try some appetizers and if we didn't like it we would go to a different restaurant for our main meal.

All that plan B contingency stuff went out the window when I looked at the menu. They actually had menu items marked as vegan and vegetarian such that for once I would not have to ask about the ingredients they use in each of the dishes. So we made the plunge. We decided to share the Vegan Sampler and it was good. I want to say it was great, but there were a couple of items in the sampler that I did not enjoy as much as the rest.

Additionally the decor and feel of the restaurant was very nice. They even turned the lights up for us temporarily while we were perusing the menu so my mother could see the menus as she squinted without her reading glasses again.

With full disclosure and all that jazz I would say the food was in the four star range, but the addition of the vegan friendly menu really pushes the rating up for me into the five star range. I gotta help promote any vegan friendly place here in Vegas because they are not as prevalent as they are in other towns.
Nice and casual. Foods are not super salty and greasy.
Kids friendly too!
Great quality food.  Much better than when it was HImilayan Cuisine.  Love that we got a free good quality mimosa w/ our weekend buffet.  Price not unreasonable, food was amazing!  Delicious chicken Pakora (like Indian chicken fingers), chicken tikka masala, tamarind rice and spinach w/ chickpeas.  My husband is vegan and there were some nice options for him too.  

Will go back again soon!  :)
I have been coming here since 2006. Before it was named Mint Bistro, it was called Himilayan & Napalese Cuisine. They used to not have a lunch buffet. The lunch buffet is great. I go to UNLV and I used to come here often for lunch. The owners are really nice. They food is really flavorful. They try to change the entrees up as often as possible. There is always chicken tandoori, and Kheer, which is all that I need to make me happy. Sometimes they have Saag, and it's so delicious. The music is nice and the ambiance is very pleasant. They have vegan and vegetarian dishes and an assortment of appetizers that go really well with mint chutney. They also have fresh fruit and salad. It is well worth the ~$9.00.
This place serves halal meats which is a plus if you are looking for a zabihah restaurant.

The chikken tikka masala, chicken tandoori, and lamb vindaloo were all very good as was the naan, bhaji, and yogurt.  Kheer (indian rice pudding) was also very good.  The Indian dishes that we tried were among some of the best Indian items we had tried.  I recommend the Indian dinner plate special, which is $30 and contains about 7 or 8 items to be shared with another person.
Every time I visit Las Vegas I must without fail eat at Mint Indian Bistro, because I believe it's one of the best Indian restaurants in the country.  I say this after having sampled the vegetarian food selection at over a hundred Indian restaurants in about a dozen major cities over the past two decades.  The diversity, freshness, and flavor of the Nepali/Indian vegetarian food at Mint is unmatched.

I usually order the Lumbini Platter, which is vegan.  This is not cheap at $28 and others may simply wish to try the lunch buffet instead.  But for those willing to try the vegan platter, let me say that it's health food that tastes like gourmet food.  The meal comes with rice, whole wheat roti, a mixed lentil daal with a tantalizing smoky flavor, a few different vegetable combinations each with their own unique flavor, and a carrot pudding for dessert.  On my last visit Chris, the owner, who has become a friend of mine, recommended I try the soy mango lassi afterward, and being in an adventurous mood I tried it and was very happy with the result.

What makes the food at Mint so different is that the flavors of all the ingredients come out in a delightful blend and dance on your palate, because unlike most Indian restaurants, the chef here is sparing with the chili powder, uses oil in carefully controlled amounts, and uses different spice combinations in each dish.  As a result you eat to your heart's content, enjoy every bite, remember the delicious curries Mom cooked at home (if you're from India), and end up feeling like you've done your body a favor with all that nutrition.
This restraunt provided a less than mediocre expereience on New Year Eve.

There were long hairs in the noodles and the desert smelt like 10days old.

Donot get there and be cheated.

I'm not aware of better Indian restaurant's ,but certainly this one is hopeless
Not much to say here - I liked the food, which was tasty and reasonably priced.  Service was very slow, however.  It took about 30 minutes to receive our order - quite surprising since there were only two other tables occupied, and it was only ~7.00 pm.  
Bottom line: if you're in a hurry, go elsewhere.  If not, stay and enjoy.
The five star rating is for dinner, I would drop a star for lunch. The dinner was perfectly cooked, we had a combination of Indian and Nepalese dishes (amazing shrimp dish). 

Service was excellent, fast enough (for Indian food) and customized for my needs (extremely spicy!).

The lunch buffet on the other hand was very mild and some even bland with a lot of sweet options, which I guess is to be expected with the audience for the lunch buffet but I and my wife was not super happy at lunch.

This is a good option if you are in Vegas with a car and would like to get away from the crazy buffets and try some real food.
There's two kinds of Indian food, the greasy comfort variety or the savory, authentic kind. As this place also serves Himalayan dishes, one will find the food here is quite pleasantly the non-greasy, delicious kind. And if vegetarian and vegan dishes are your thing, it will be even better. All the items on the menu are clearly marked and the waiters are very receptive to questions. The pakora and the paratha is so tasty, as well as the chau chau. Also, there is a great variety of beers.
All the good things everyone has said are true. It's not on the strip, which is great, since it means it's not ridiculously crowded. The Lassi bar is a great innovation, and the thandai lassi with vodka is awesome. 

We asked for all our dishes extra spicy, but while they were pretty great, they weren't spicy at all. I've known this to happen before to some of my friends at indian restaurants when the server makes a size-you-up decision that you can't handle it, but really, this time they should have concluded that we can, given a) we were indian. b) we kept repeating about how much we loved spicy food. oh well.

Minor nitpick aside, the food is pretty great, especially some of the nepalese dishes, which are pretty rare (i've only been able to find one restaurant in chicago!)

If i ever decide that going down on vegas junkets to behave outrageously and pretend you're exempt from all rules becomes a regular habit, mint will be a regular lunch spot too.
My BF and I were looking for a place a tad more upscale than getting the concierge service at the penny slots at El Cortez--and Yelp led us to a veggie-friendly eating place with a touch of class the was not on the godforsaken strip. We both love Indian food, so Mint seemed like the right choice. 

I was first pleased to see that we were the only folks there that didn't appear to be of Indian ancestry, my personal good sign indicator for ethnic fooderies. I was also pleased to see that it was pretty packed, but there was no wait to be seated. The decor was simple and elegant, with lots of blond wood and high backed booths. 

Service was spectacular, we had at least 5 very attentive and polite servers. They kept us up to date on the progress of each course, made sure our water was cold and plentiful, and inquired about our enjoyment. 

The menu was extensive, with both Himyl and Indian dishes. There was a lot of creativity involved, but the old standbys were also delish. I also liked that the menu let diners know what was veggie/vegan friendly.** Say yes to the samosas my friends. They are the best I have had.** All dishes were at a fair price, and I really liked that you could order half-dishes at a reduced cost. This was especially important when you have no microwave in your hotel, and you were taught not to waste food. Me and the BF were really pleased with our dishes, and two half plate entrees were more than enough food to share and be stuffed--but not too stuffed due to the half portions. I may also have to mention that they serve Frambois, and I would cut someone to have that delicious fizzy nectar. 


This is the place that inspired me to Yelp. I knew after seeing a Yelp approved sticker in the window, that these reviews actually make an impact. Yelpers, you got gooooood taste. 
So, thank you fellow Yelpers on leading us here, and thanks Mint for being so rad.
I ordered take-out from here not too long ago and I will NEVER go back. I don't know who does the cooking but they need to stop immediately!!!

We ordered the Chicken Kadhai, Vertical Vindaloo (with chicken) and Boneless Lamb Kabobs. The chicken dishes were both excessively oily and god only knows what part of the chicken they used. I specifically asked for breast meat and that I would even pay a few extra $$ for it. The guy said no problem. I came home and opened the containers and saw this dark, muscle-ridden meat sitting in front of me. Both chicken dishes looked exactly the same even though they're supposedly 2 different styles. The kabobs were HORRIBLE. Huge pieces of lamb that were nowhere near tender. 

To top it all off, it was $60 for 3 dishes, some naan and rice. I will never visit this place again! I can make better Indian dishes at home!
Excellent food, attention to detail, service and beer list. Wow, we wish Mint was in our home town.  The menu was fantastic and caters to all diets. We loved our visit to Mint!
I went here a few days ago because it's like 2 miles away from my house. This place has been a few different restaurants in the few years I've lived on this side of town. It was a Himalayan restaurant, and now it's Indian restaurant. The decor inside is very basic. Moss green walls, some black iron pieces on the walls but was largely devoid of cultural ambiance that I particularly like in ethnic restaurants. I feel like decor really adds to an experience, it makes it feel authentic. This place didn't really have that. It was new, so maybe that's why it was so sparsely decorated. I took someone here because they never tried Indian before, so we just ordered the Indian Sampler. The Indian Sampler had about pint sized versions of coconut curry vegetables, lamb vindaloo, chicken masala, lentils, tandoori chicken, yoghurt, kheer, and one other that I can't remember. It was accompanied by 2 pieces of sliced garlic naan and basmati rice. The coconut curry veggies were fantastic, the flavors were excellent. The lamb vindaloo was good, not great. Not as spicy as i'm used to, but not bad. The tandoori chicken was kind of a joke,  it looked like two cornish game hen legs. So micro chicken legs, I thought that looked horrible.  We ordered lychee lassi and mango lassi, and for whatever reason I was served lukewarm mango lassi. I've never received lassi that wasn't cold, so it was a little different for me since the lychee lassi was served over ice. The service was good, no complaints on that. The owner chatted with us a little and was friendly. All in all, it was okay. It wasn't great, the price points are lower than Origin India, so i'd go back if I wanted to pay something a little more moderate. The experience was fun, nothing mind blowing. Origin India just blows it out of the water as far as the quality of the food and ambiance though, so i'd much rather go there if I had a choice.
After a long day at a convention at the Las Vegas Convention Center, my husband and I we looking for a nearby restaurant off-the-Strip (we needed to decompress from an excited, yet stressful day).  Fortunately, we found Mint Indian Bistro, a mile south of the LVCC.  We shared the Indian Sampler (around $30), which was incredibly flavorful and delicious.  Our friendly servers, Rajeev and Biru (who are from Nepal), gave us a lesson on the similarities and differences between Nepalese and Indian cuisines...something we found intriguing!  When we're traveling, we typically like to try different restaurants during our stay.  However, we made an exception and came back to try Mint Indian Bistro's all-you-can-eat buffet the next day...Rajeev's and Biru's hospitality coupled with the food we enjoyed made that an easy choice.

When I return to Vegas, I'll definitely come back to Mint Indian Bistro! :-)
Lunch special buffet for $9.99? Hell yes. 

Best Indian lunch buffet around, with dishes also set out for vegetarians and vegans. It is a little smaller than most buffets I have been to, but there is still a great selection. I got the chicken tandoori and tikka masala, tried a bit of the goat curry, and pretty much ate up the vegetarian half of the buffet as well. Overall, an excellent steal for the price!

The standout for me was the kheer, it was some of the best I had. I also tried a mango custard which was delicious. I would say it's a MUST if you are in the area or would like some Indian for lunch.
I work across the street from Mint, so it is our go-to lunch place for vegans, vegetarians, and meatavores.  However, reading the other reviews, I really need to check it out for dinner sometime!

I'm quite pleased with their buffet because A) it is cheaper than most at only $9.99, B) it has lots of clearly-marked vegan options, and C) UNLV/DRI employees get 10% off.  Yay! Cheaper, more stuff, plus a discount? SOLD. 

We go there so much that the staff puts in a order of vegan roti for me as soon as we walk in the door, which is sweet.  The service is usually very attentive (filling drinks, etc. ).  Apparently they will even make vegans a special version of the vegetarian dishes on the buffet if you ask! I never even thought to try this until I saw some other vegan customers do it! Between the Kwaati (deliciously spiced bean soup), mixed veggie pakoras, Chau Chau (Nepalese noodle dish), two kinds of rice, daal, and usually 3 vegan entrees, I was never really hurting for options.

They also have a great beer selection that I never get to try since I go at lunch. Going to make a dinner trip there a priority!
One of the best Indian food experiences I've ever had. We started with the veggie momo (dumplings). Based on the level of saltiness I'm pretty sure they came out of a package but I appreciated they were steamed and not fried. The chutney that came with them for dipping certainly upstaged their flaws as did the courses to follow. We ordered a couple different variations on naan (bread) and they were hot and delicious, obviously right out of the oven. I ordered the chicken curry and the bread came in very handy to soak up all the sauce. I'm not sure what my friend ordered but it was wonderfully sweet, savory and spicy. The kind of heat that creeps up on you and makes you want to eat more of it.

The waitstaff was very friendly and attentive, they had a good selection of Indian beer. One thing I noticed was how cleverly the food descriptions were written on the menu. The imaginative and vibrant language made it difficult to decide what to order because everything sounded amazing!

If you'd like to venture off the strip for something exotic I'd recommend this restaurant.
Not a big fan of buffets but I love me some Chicken Tikka Masala. The only problem i had was some of the items in the buffet were out and or there wasn't any chicken left in it and it was just sauce and they really didn't replace it but whatever was available was pretty good the bread was good to.
I just left this Indian bistro and overall I was very pleased with my experience. The food was well prepared and the presentation was clean and simple. The vertical vindaloo curry is delicious as is the cream and tomato based curry. (the second dish listed under Indian entrees) the service was friendly and attentive. I will be returning to this great Vegas find.
Mint offers a somewhat small but very tasty lunch buffet. The cuts of meat used were of fantastic quality for an Indian restaurant and all the food was enjoyable.

I really enjoyed some of the different touches like a coconut chutney and Indian soup options which I've never seen before on a buffet.

My only small criticism is I felt some of the seasoning lacked a little of the subtlety I have experienced at some of my favourite Indian restaurants and that keeps mint just a tiny bit lower on the pecking order for me. The curries carried that hint of acrid taste where you can taste all the individual spices rather than having them deftly blend into a combined taste. This is a very minor quibble as the food was still delicious, but it's the only thing I see holding Mint back from sheer excellence.
Prolly one of the best Indian restaurants in Las Vegas area.. A variety of cuisines made in the most authentic manner. The service is just wonderful and food quality is just amazing ... Every time I go to Vegas I go to this place without fail...
There's a lot of haters but it seems their issues stem from the lunch buffet, of which we did not partake. 

I went for a night out with my boyfriend and we opted for the Indian Sampler. Our server was also one of the "lucky owners", an extremely cordial and friendly man who recommended some delicious beers. It's obvious that he's a man who takes his libations seriously, which we appreciated. He explained that during the time of day we were there, he opted to maintain the restaurant himself. Aside from showcasing an impressive work ethic, it allows him to interact with his customers and gain insight on their reactions and feelings. He takes an active interest in the reviews and responses of individuals and mentioned that he periodically updates this page himself. :} So, Hi! Thanks for the meal! 

We started with the Don de Dieu, a Canadian beer with a high alcohol percentage while still being light, floral, fruity and crisp. It was a nice beverage to sample while awaiting our food and taking in the environment. The interior is a pleasant cool green shade with dark wood tones on the tables, floor and chairs that we found very soothing and appealing. There are several pieces of art on the walls as well as iron work. The bar is well stocked and there is a window that lets you peak into the kitchen. Gently wafting in the background was atmosphere music, not too obtrusive but a pleasant addition.

The first food that was brought to us were flat breads that were studded with cumin/coriander seeds. They were folded over themselves and super thin, with a light crunch and pleasant mouthfeel. They were served with a mint and tamarind chutney. The tamarind was sweet and tangy but the mint was cool and savory. I vastly preferred the mint but we enjoyed both. We were given a refill of the bread and sauces prior to our meal. 

The sampler itself was brought out on a large metal tray, with each dish presented in a small metal container. Initially it looked like it may not be that much food, but as we began to ate we realized that the 9 small containers were  easily enough to feed 3, maybe even 4 light eaters. With a refill of rice, we were extremely satisfied. The meal included; 
- Fresh baked garlic naan : hearty flat breads with fresh herbs and garlic studded throughout, served at the center of the platter and ideal for dunking into residual sauces/soup
- Vegetable pakodas : crispy, deep fried bites of mixed vegetables. excellent dipped into the tangy and rich homemade whole-milk yogurt and a dollop of ghost chili sauce.
- Chicken tikka masala : creamy with hearty chunks of chicken in a sauce that gradually ramps up the heat in your mouth. After a few bites it gains an addictive spice. 
- lamb vindaloo : like a stew, with a spice and sweetness differentiating it from the usual western stew. I particularly enjoyed this and would look forward to ordering it again. 
- organic tandoori chicken : tender, flavorful chicken with a yummy spice rub coating the outside, giving it a bright reddish-pink tinge. There were two peices and they were a little small, so this would be the only downside to ordering the platter for more than 2 people. They  may be willing to adjust the serving for a larger party if you ask, as they seem quite amicable. :}
- mixed vegetable curry of the day : our's had lots of zucchini, chickpeas, tomatoes and a rich sauce. I probably wouldn't order this by itself, but that's simply because I dug the other vegetable based dish so much more. 
- chef's choice lentil soup : This was delicious! It had a strong turmeric flavor and color, and was very flavorful. The lentils weren't very chunky, so the soup itself was not exceedingly thick. I enjoyed the consistency, personally.
- fresh, homemade whole-milk yogurt : One of my other favorite options. It was extremely creamy with a rich tang and was an instant relief from some of the strongly flavored dishes. A great way to cleanse your palate between dishes or dolloped on top of them. 
- aromatic basmati rice : A chewier, drier rice that easily soaked up much of the sauce from the dishes. A good compliment as the texture of the rice really helped to enrich and fortify the thinner or lighter dishes.
- khir dessert : sweet rice pudding with what I thought may have been a hint of rosewater. I ate most of it and really enjoyed it!

While eating we enjoyed two other beers, as well;

Yeti! An Indian beer that had a hoppy, smokey flavor. It was more of a dry lager, but went very very well with the food. We really enjoyed it and asked our server about sourcing it.

We ended with Piraat, a potent amber beer with an earthy tang and a hoppy afterbite. Also quite good, but strong! I gave most of mine to the boy to finish so I could safely navigate our journey home. 

I definitely intend to go back sometime for the lunch buffet and their other set menus. It's a great introduction to a new culture's cuisine in a  nice, relaxed atmosphere with helpful and pleasant service.
Mint Bistro is an unassuming gem in the University section of Las Vegas.  Right across the street from UNLV on Flamingo, Mint Bistro is one of the best Indian restaurants in town.  The University/ Paradise section of town already has around 5-6 great Indian restaurants, but Mint Bistro is the best.  

The outside of the restaurant makes you think that it is a take-out restaurant, but once you walk in you will feel welcomed by the comfortable Indian decor.  I have been to Mint Bistro about 5 times, and have always had great food.  My favorite dish is the Saag Paneer, which is house-made Cheese sauteed with spinach.  They make a very good version of one of my favorite Indian dishes.  I also really like the Mango Masala with Chicken.  This dish combines the classic flavors of a Chicken Masala with the sweet Mango flavor.  The other dish I usually try to get is the Rebel Curry.  Very flavorful, but spicy, curry, served with your choice of meat.  If you are a vegetarian, Mint Bistro has many options for you, but if you eat meat you have many options, too.  

Mint Bistro also has a great selection of Belgian Beers.  My favorite that I had was the Duchesse de Bourgogne, but they have many more.  Although it sounds random for a Indian restaurant to have a great selection of Belgian beers, they have some of the best I have seen.  Definitely try the great pairing of the beer with the Indian food.  

If you are looking for Indian and Nepalese food with a twist, definitely try Mint!
Before you read the review, you must understand a few things.
1) This is the only "Indian/Nepalese" place I've eaten at in Vegas
2) The only other "Indian" food I've had has been homemade by ethnic Indians or at Diwali events. 
3) I am not an expert in either of these two cuisine types, but I do like good food. 

We came here for a dinner with some friends. We had a friend in from China, and since she likes to eat, we decided on a place where we can try something new, while socializing. We also know that Indian food meets many different dietary wants and needs, and this place has decent reviews and reasonable prices, so we came to Mint. 

We arrived at 7pm to a very clean and modern dining room. The dining area was a little over half full. The clientele seemed very diverse with a mix of cultures and varying levels of dress. 

Mint easily accommodated our party of 12, which was nice. We had a nice big table and were not cramped, nor did we cramp the other tables around us. The staff seemed friendly enough. However, we were waiting for 2 members of our party to arrive for about 30 minutes, but our waiters never asked for drink or app orders. That wasn't a huge issue, but once we ordered apps and drinks our waiter didn't ask us for our dinner orders for about another 30-45 minutes. We were all engaged in conversation, which I guess could have encouraged the waiter not to ask us. Overall, we were there for 3 hours, and the service was only so so.

The food was good. The wife and I shared the vegetarian sampler platter. Everything we had was distinctive, flavorful, and delicious. I don't know Indian/Nepalese food too well, so I can't say how authentic it was or was not, but it was pleasing to my palate. We asked for a level 7 spice, but I am pretty sure the waiter did not accommodate that as our food was not too spicy. We like heat, and only one of our dishes had a bit of heat. 

I was very impressed with 2 things: 1) The wide selection and friendliness towards vegans and vegetarians. We had more selections than we knew what to do with. I am really excited to go back to Mint just to try some more.
2) Beer selection: There is a great selection of Indian and European beers here. They range in price from $5-$19 a bottle, but they have selections here I've not seen anywhere else in Vegas. Additionally, they do have a "beer of the month" which they sell cheaper than the others. This month the beer is a very good Belgian White (the brand escapes me).

Overall, it was a good experience (other than the service), but I think I will be back.
I had dinner here tonight and it was very good.  I started with complimentary papadam with two dipping sauces that were both quite good.  The main course was a fusion Mango Chicken made with fresh mango.  I had an order of garlic naan with the meal and a glass of delicious Mango Lassi.  I guess by now you can see the theme of my dinner tonight.

After the main part was over, I had Kheer (Indian rice pudding) for dessert.  It was a small, whiskey shot glass sized dessert that was a perfect ending to the meal.

I really enjoyed the place although when it's crowded, the seating might be a little close to your neighboring diners.

For out of towners who know the area, Mint is almost directly across Flamingo Road from the Atomic Testing Museum.
Delicious & vegan-friendly food.  Chau Chau was out of this world!
We were the only patrons on our visit, so the service was first rate!  Appetizers were flavorful, including the MoMo's that we tried.  I didn't realize the Nepalise element here (Turkey on the menu at Indian places is odd!) but the food was very good overall.  Beer selection was impressive but I didn't have the right circumstances to participate in that.
I recently tried the lunch buffet there, and it was alright.  You could tell some dishes weren't freshly made and the chicken was also bit dry.  I also felt there weren't enough selection also.  Service was great though.
Just had the lunch buffet. The service was good & the food was delicious!! I'll definitely be back!
I usually find the food in Las Vegas not very good.  (I am an outsider).  My only experiences have been on the strip, so please don't think this is a blanket statement about the entire area.  But, on and around the strip I have generally found the food sub-par and relatively expensive. I don't doubt some of the food is excellent, but I don't want to pay Morton's prices just to get high quality foods.  

Thank you yelp.  Without which I would not have discovered Mint Indian Bistro.!

Excellent service with good prices.  We asked for our server's recommendations on a $25 entree budget (for two people).  We had more than enough food and were very happy with the quality and subtle flavors and spices. Also, typically Indian food leaves my digestive track in lurches afterwards.  Not so here.

A great reasonable dinner just off the strip.
That is...As good as it gets...in Las Vegas!!!!

I have been coming here since I found it in its prior name, Himalayan Restaurant.  The first time I came here, we used the coupon from Restaurant.com.  I had a hard time finding a good Indo-Pak Restaurant, so good thing there is Restaurant.com.

First Time
Appetizer
Himalayan Samosas-Potatoes and peas, stuffed in a light fluffy pastry.  BUT...the best thing about this is dipping it into the tamarind chutney.  Dang this is awesome.

Chicken Rebel Curry-Spicy...not much else.  I haven't been ordering this.  Not memorable.  let's move on.

Lamb Vindaloo-Spicy and tons of flavor.  The lamb was nice and tender.

Garlic Naan-were not short of Garlic.  Top that lamb vindaloo pieces with a shred of onion and dip it into the tamarind chutney...WOW!!

Mango Lassi-Is good as ever.
My friend said that coupon or no coupon, we are coming back Fo SHO!!

Second time
Didn't use a coupon so we were able to get:
-Indian Sampler-30.99
--garlic naan
--pakodas-dumpling kinda look, with vegetable stuffed inside.  the outside is a chickpea batter.  This was dipped into a nutty sauce..interesting combination
--chicken tikka marsala
--lamb vindaloo
--tandoori chicken-chicken was very juicy with a nice spice rub.  
--vegetable curry-for a vegetable curry, this is so flavorful
--yogurt (this was homemade, it was super tart..too tart for my taste)
--basmati rice (I am used to the jasmine rice, but this basmati is on a new playing field)
--Khir-dessert is this rice pudding (basmati rice! yay), in milk, spiced, with nuts and raisins.  This is one of my favorite dessert.  Once again, bursting with flavors.

This sampler was perfect.  We got to tried out everything.  Recommend for adventurous newbies.  They weren't super spicy either so is easy on the tongue (and tummy) since there are so may other dish that one can alternate between the spicy one...lamb vindaloo.

Third time and so on:
Ghosht Karahi (Goat Curry)-Flavors remind me of back home...aahhhh, I miss home....Ok, focus!  So, my routine comes to play.  I ask for a side of onion and some lemon wedges.  I mix the onion with the goat curry, and squeeze lemon in it.  It's amazing how the onion would make the flavor even spicier, and how the lemon juice brings out that tang!!!  Now try this with the best naan that I have tasted yet...the naan with fruits in the middle.  This is the only place that have it, as far as I know.  You get savory and sweet.  Have mango lassi with this entree is the PERFECT combination.  Of course I have the Khir at the end of my every meal.  

Service has always been super for me.  The owners are sooooooo Fantastic.  They are so kind and wonderful.  I love the decor.  Oh, I forgot to mention, they have a very extensive beer selection.  My friends always order beer and try like three different kinds every time.  I stick to my mango lassi and am happy with it.
This was absolutely delicious. Had the Malai Kofta and was amazing.
I can't say enough good things about this place! I'd had their food back when they were called Himalayan Restaurant and it was very good. My recent dinner visit was the first time I had actually been inside the restaurant and the first time I'd had the food since they came under new ownership. 

The waiter was very helpful and friendly. He suggested getting the Vegan Sampler when we informed him we wanted to try everything on the menu. So, we ordered the Vegan Sampler which was perfect for two people. Every item was amazing except for the carrot (I think) which was a little too sweet for my taste. The sampler comes with two sides of basmati rice, roti and six or seven other items. The soup and Chana Saag were my favorites. I'll definitely be back to try the dosas!
My boyfriend and his buddy went here the other night. They ordered multiple entrees, including a two-for-one tikka masala. We all greatly enjoy their yogurt, so they finished off their helpings and asked for extras, which the service complied with. When they were leaving, he asked for an extra yogurt so that he could bring some home for the leftovers. 

When the check was brought to the table, he was able to take a look at it before another one was quickly brought out. When he asked why he was being given a different check, he was told it was so that they could apply the two-for-one tikka masala. That was untrue- the first check already showed the two for one discount, the only discernable difference was that he'd been charged a dollar for the yogurt. 

It's not a big deal that they charged him a dollar for the yogurt- the problem is that they obviously felt the need to lie about it after failing to mention anything earlier. That was really disappointing. 

We will probably be back for the food and interesting beer selection, but being lied to is a big turn-off.
Great food, decent service at not a bad price. I will go there again and again. In fact we ate ther everyday except one day while we stayed at vegas for 4 days. Will go back again.
We went there for lunch buffet and the food was very disappointing. Even their lassi bar was not good. Will never go back to this place again.
Lunch buffet is awesome. A good variety of Indian favorites and they bring out fresh naan. On top of that students get a discount (for lunch and dinner)!
ok here is why I am giving Mint 5*. We walked in 10 before the lunch buffet was about to close. The owner offered to keep things as long as we like and even cooked up more food that got low.
He personally came over talked to use and went the extra mile, to make this a great experience.
NOTE FOR THOSE WITH RESTAURANT.COM CERTIFICATES:

Apparently they have a conflict with restaurant.com and aren't accepting their coupons. HOWEVER, they honored the discount themselves and told us to get a refund for our certificate and will probably do the same for others. He looked upset a bit explaining it so it's probably something ugly... I thought it was cool that they will honor it themselves to help out the customers. 

*********
For years I ate Indian food on a weekly basis and for a while I stayed away since I burned out and the BF never had Indian food before so away we went. 

 The drink selection is one main reason that made me really want to try them. We are beer nerds so it makes for a lovely surprise that a unassuming Bistro would have such an impressive drink menu. The BF wasn't sure of what, and our server (I think possibly the owner) asked what kinds of flavors he likes and gave a few recommendations. I always appreciate a place that knows what they sell since it seems most people don't care about beer the way they do of wine. The BF took his suggestion of a Augustjn Abbey Ale ($7) and I had a Troubadour Obscura ($7) which the guy poured into TULIPS with care to produce a proper head! I had a nerd moment that they had the proper kind of glasses and someone cared about our drinks as much as we do. He treated it like a sommelier would a fine wine. 

While we waited for food we were served papadam with a tamarind chutney and a cilrantro mint chutney. All really finely made. 

For food we really couldn't decide to we went with a Indian Sampler ($30). It doesn't look like a lot of food, but we were both comfortably full.

It includes:

*chicken tikka masala- this was a lovely tikka. I've had a lot and this was one of the better ones I've had. Very robust, but balanced. The BF loved this and raves it's the best curry he's had and he had a foodie moment (aww, I think us Yelpers are getting to him...maybe he'll change his mind about doing reviews one day). 

*lamb vindaloo- the lamb was very tender and the sauce complimented it very well with a bit earthiness, tangyness and a tad spicy. 

*tandoori chicken- crisp and nicely spiced outside, juicy inside

*mixed veggie curry- had a good mix of cauliflower, zucchini, beans, peppers. The curry had a very light and fragrant flavor to it...I can't quite place the spices, but I liked this. 

*chef choice of lentils- today it was daal. I like daal since it's earthy and comforting. 

*we got yoghurt, basmati rice, and garlic naan as well. The naan was pretty noms here. 

*Khir came with it for dessert. It's a rice and milk porridge with raisins, nuts and cardamom according to the menu. When I was eating it, to me it tasted more flowery than just cardamom, like possible orange blossom water was added. It's the kind of light dessert that would be amazing for a hot summer day since it's served cold and has such bright flavors.

We also ordered another dessert that I thought I had and loved at another restaurant and at friends house but haven't come across it in a while. Turns out it was what I was looking for! 

Lal Mohan ($2.99) the description says it's served cold, but it's served piping hot! It's these round pastries that are fried so the outside is crisp and the inside has a creamy kind of dough. They throw it into syrup and it absorbs it so it flavors it throughout.They come 3 to a serving in a shot glass, balls are about gumball sized so you don't get much of it, but it's quality. It's a comforting kind of dessert that would be a good for people who like fried mochi with honey, warm donuts, zeppolis, beignets. 

The service was friendly and helpful. I like the little details that show they care like having proper beer glasses or giving us warm plates. Utensils were impeccably polished- no water marks at all. It felt very comfortable with the warm decor and the good staff making you feel good about being there. I just got a strong feeling that they are proud of this place in the pride they take for the little details. 

I haven't been this surprisingly satisfied in a long time. The BF was super happy with discovering Indian food and having a food epiphany of sorts about it....days later he's still telling me about the tikka and how he wants to go next weekend. 

 Definitely we will be coming back for a la carte and also the buffet sounds like a deal. If our next experience is as good as this one, it can quickly grow to be a favorite.
4.5 stars.

It was a very similar day to my previous review. Copious laundry yet to be folded and lazy me coerced my husband to thinking that we need to partake in Mint's buffet this last Saturday. I remembered a message one of the owners of Mint had sent me letting me know that they had taken my previous review into consideration and created a better buffet. It's a rare occasion that small business owners give you positive reactions on a negative review so I was impressed enough to give Mint another chance. 

Wow...the 2 of us were truly surprised (in a really good way) and absolutely enjoyed this buffet. There was a thin tomato soup that was tangy and a prolific salad/chutney assortment. Also their Dal Tadka was to die for. I filled multiple bowls of this delicacy. The pakoras (Indian vegetable tempura) were excellent. Special shout out to the thinly slivered potatoes coated with the garbanzo flour mixture. Yumminess. Soft and airy idlis with a thick and tasty sambar (the best in Vegas thus far) spoke to the South Indian in me. There was lemon rice that was full of flavor and their spicy chau chau noodles that were oh-so-perfect and what I am currently salivating about. There were 3 vegetable dishes (one paneer) and at least 5 meat based dishes on the buffet. Garlic Naans/Plain Naans/Rotis were brought to the table with the blink of an eye. 

Now for the grand finale. Dessert...my eyes popped when I saw they served Gulab Jamun (balls of dough and milk, deep fried and served in sugar syrup). The Gulab Jamuns were warm, melt in the mouth and probably the best I've had out here. Dessert Nirvana. 

Mint pulled out all the stops at their new buffet and I for one, will be a repeat customer as long as I get my belly filled like this. For 9.99, this was a stellar deal and of course, the service was just as impeccable as before with the nice waiters.
I've always wanted to check this place out but never knew where it was until I passed it while we were on our way to Mob Month at the library. I definitely wanted to try it so I kept a mental note for after the lecture. 

We started off with drinks I had the Rose Lassi. The rose flavor was really delicate ..it  didn't taste like I was consuming a rose garden. My husband had the Pomegranate Martini. He thought it was a little strong and so did I but I don't think that taste can be avoided when you are mixing juice with Vodka. I've had a Martini made with Baileys before ....I think that's more my speed. I don't think it was a true Martini but the taste is much smoother. 

I ordered the half order of Lamb Biryani $9.99. It was good but while I was eating it I came across some very strong spices. You know the feeling when you accidentally bite into a peppercorn..it felt like that but I'm not sure what type of spice it was. It looked like a miniature piece of a tree branch but the tender lamb made up for it. 

My husband ordered the Chicken Tikka Salad $5.99. The seasonal veggies that came with salad were super fresh. Good size cucumbers tomatoes, and chicken ...beautiful colors. It tasted good too! It's perfect for a late night snack that will not weigh you down. It tasted even better when you put some of the salad on the Naan and roll it up. My husband agreed that I know what I'm talking about it because he liked it . That's no easy feat. 

We wanted to try some dessert so I ordered the Mango Kulfi. It's basically a milky mango ice cream. It's not sour like a sorbet... it was pretty tasty. My husband went out of his vanilla box of his basic dessert choices .... he also had no choice because there is no ice cream sundaes here! He ordered the Lal Mohan which looked kind of like like juicy brown eggs. I thought the he might be scared off by it but he tried it and like it. I tried some too . If you are the type that doesn't like too much syrup on your french toast then this may not be for you. I'm one of those people. These are milk based pastries drowning in syrup. It was cool trying something new though. 

The service was awesome ! Our waiter helped us decide on the desserts . He genuinely cared what we thought of the food...which was refreshing.  The waiter had a nice warm personality where when he said "Hope you come back soon" ...you have to believe him!
If you like Indian food, go here, you will not be sorry. Delicious food and great staff. I can't wait to go back and try the buffet.
Indian buffet has always been a noun combination I could get behind.  Or into my belly.  And then I did!  For ten bucks I consumed heartily a fine assortment of deliciousness.  I wish I had more to say, but really, I enjoyed everything I popped on and in!
I was so craving Indian food. It's been months since i've had any and due to my last experience at Namaste several months ago i needed an Indian fix. Thanks to the reviews of fellow Yelpers I took my talemts to Mint!
So after reading their Menu on line for a few days I new my wife and I would be getting the Indian Sampler.Served with Rice, Homemade Yoghurt, and Khir for dessert.
Garlic Naan  -Fresh warm and pretty much melted in your mouth. I like to use it to scoom the rice and other dishes.

Vegetable Pakodas- Fried veggie chips with plenty of flavor

Lentil the chef's way- Lentil soup. Very tasty had a hint of Cilantro that was outstanding

The lamb and chicken dishes were so warm, flavorfull and comforting. I only chose level 4 spice not knowing how hot it would be. Next time i will leap to a 6, not being brave but curious, and i do not eat spicy food at all. So much to say about these dishes but please go and experience them for yourself, you will not be dissapointed.

Not a fan of rice puuding. The Khir which is similar was fery smooth, rich, tasty  ans flavorful. Can't wait to go Back.

Thanks to my friends for coming along, who have dinned here before and enjoyed it once again!!
Awesome food here!  An impressive menu with tons of veg dishes.  Gulab jamun was a little sweet, but delish savory plates way made up for it.
I've been to Mint Indian Bistro for dinner once before, but I wasn't blown away by the food. Luckily, I tried the lunch buffet this time around, and was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food. One thing that I did like on my first visit and still like about this place is the decor. It's definitely a good place to go for a romantic date. I also am fond of the service here. 

Anyways, back to the food. At the table, the server brought us our choice of either plain, butter or garlic naan (we chose garlic) and also roti (a thinner bread made with whole wheat). The garlic naan was yummy- soft, warm and studded with garlic bits, it was perfect for dipping into the soups and curries. The roti was good too, but I definitely prefer the naan. I can't remember all I ate, but I will list off my favorites. There were three soup varieties; I enjoyed the Sambhar soup (a hearty lentil soup) the most. I also enjoyed the seasoned rice dish, as well as the Chicken Tandoori and a vegetarian dish called Paneer Tikka Masala (blocks of soft cheese simmered in a spicy tomato-based stew). I also thought the Chicken Curry dish to be flavorful and good. For dessert, I had a few cubes of watermelon and one piece of Gulab jamun (fried balls of dough soaked in a sweet syrup flavored with cardamom and rosewater). I wish I went back for seconds on dessert though. The best part about the lunch buffet is that it is healthy or at least tastes healthy. 

All in all, I had a nice time here. I would probably go back again- for lunch, that is.

P.S. Parking here during busy times can be dangerous. Small parking lot, too many cars, etc....Be careful!
Service is very friendly, 1 million times better than the Indian restaurant we go to in LA valley. The green cilantro dipping sauce for the pappadams is super fresh. Soups are so good served steaming hot tried both the dal & the bean & lentil. Love the $10 AYCE lunch buffet, items change daily, so I need to keep going back to catch the chana masala. Just wish tney offered dosas as part of buffet but they do have an AYCE dosa nite. But there are always vegan options available on buffet & those soups, salad & fresh papadams. definitely a return to place.
My favorite Indian cuisine in the valley! The food is fresh, delicious, and perfectly seasoned. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone, regardless if you've ever eaten this kind of food before. 

I've eaten from both the lunch buffet and the a la carte menu, and have been delighted every time, with every dish. My favorites include their tandoori chicken, turkey mo mo, potato and pea samosas, and their delectable garlic naan. 

Their beer selection is excellent, and the atmosphere is lovely. 

A+++!
There are many decent indian restaurants in town, but here is one more yelp vote calling this place the BEST indian lunch buffet in Vegas.  

Big selection, so even if one item is not to your liking (ingredient or spice-wise), there will be plenty else to nosh on.  Service is quick to get beverages and naan on the table, and tables cleared for new customers. You feel very welcome here :)

(Side note: Always a bummer though to see how much food is wasted at buffets here in town.  C'mon folks ~ take a lil to see if ya like it, and if you do, go back for more! Discarding plates still piled with food is appalling.  And please at least have had a meal in the last 24 hours ~ the single diner next to us sat down and demanded three baskets of naan right off the bat...did he finish them? NO.)
I'm usually here for lunch, and they do a very nice buffet every time I've been here.  There's a nice mix of vegetarian and meat dishes, and I've never seen the exact same menu two days in a row for lunch.  Dinner here is good too, they do a nice Tandoori chicken, which is how every Indian restaurant should be judged in my opinion, at least if they offer it.  Overall, very happy with this place, and they also have a limited bar menu, plus wine and beer.
I went to Mint a couple of weeks ago with a bunch of fellow computer scientists for a birthday lunch. The place is pretty small and the buffet area seems small, but the selection is decent. If you know me at all, you'll know that the first thing I look for is Butter Chicken. A quick scan of the lineup reveals a disappointing no. So right off the bat, this puts them at a disadvantage against Namaste.

Then I found the Goat Curry. At an Indian buffet, I really only need one go-to item and luckily, the Goat Curry was off the hook! It's not quite the Naan heaven that is Butter Chicken, but paired with rice, I enjoyed every morsel.

As for the Naan, I like how they bring it out to order. This can lead to moments of Naan-less agony, but at least you know it's always warm and fresh when it comes to your table.  The Garlic Naan has an overpowering aroma and is the only way to fly.

I haven't tried any of their Lassis, but that will definitely change today at the CMYE. I love me some Mango Lassi, but the other flavors are intriguing.

Overall, I'm definitely a fan of this place. Quite honestly, I'd pick Namaste over Mint for one simple reason (which should be easy to deduce by now). Still, Mint is a solid lunch buffet choice.

EDIT: I've since been back and I'm not sure why I thought the buffet area is small. There are quite a few dishes from which to choose. I guess it's because I only found a couple of items that interested me.
I've been here many times for dinner, but not buffet.  This review is for the lunch buffet.

There were many items in the buffet line, ranging from vegetarian to meat courses. 

The quality and taste of the dishes exceed my expectations even more now.  I love goat karahi.  I have been to many Indian restaurants where the goat karahi isn't consistent.  I know I can count on Mint to make sure that each piece is tender and flavorful.  I mixed my tender chunks of goat meat with slices of onions and cucumbers, then squeezed lemon on them and tossed it around some more. It was delicious, and the naan was great as well.  

However, goat karahi wasn't the only star on today's menu (according to me, of course).  I have tried tandoori chicken at many places, but I find it lacks flavor.  When Debbie said that the tandoori chicken is her favorite, I decided to grab a piece to give it a try.  Boy was I glad Debbie raved about it.  It was SOOOOO GOOOOD!  I tore off a piece of this delicious chicken that bursted with flavor and put it on top of freshly baked garlic naan. I then dipped it into the tamarind chutney and wala, yummy-in-my-tummy.  

I was full at this point, but still had to eat my favorite dessert, khir.  I was super excited to see this in the  buffet line.  I love the basmati rice, slow cooked in milk with a dash of cardamom.  I got two servings, one for Roland, and one for myself.  Somehow, they both ended up being consumed by me...Oops...Khir...I can't help myself.

I also had the Lal Mohan.  Again, tried this at other places, never liked it.  Luckily, Debbie also raved about this so I gave it a shot...thank goodness I tried it because it is DELICIOUS.

And the staff, attentive and friendly, as always.
The food is delicious and they have a good selection. I've never had bad service any time of day that I've gone, and their bar is pretty diverse. This is definitely a "staple" Indian restaurant for me.
Even I am not familiar with Indian food(only curry and naan) this is really good experience to me. I was little late for the event so I didn't get enough information about every food in there but still I taste most of them.
The food wasn't greasy at all. I really like that part. I like goat curry and yellow curry(?) with veggie(I'll find out this one's name next time). 
I hope their new menu working well.
Their drink have different texture but was good.
I will be there again.
I really want to give this restaurant all five stars, just because the service was fantastic. However, I can't say that I loved the food entirely. This won't stop me from coming back though since I did only try the items on their lunchtime buffet menu. I will definitely have to go back for dinner.

I will just point out the positive aspect of my experience for now:

1. Fantastic service: Right when I walked through the doors, I was greeted by the staff and felt very welcome. Our waiter made sure to check up on us several times during our meal and was very hospitable. 

2. Nice accommodation: Very cute and quaint mom and pop restaurant. The interior decor is nice and their choice of music is very soothing. The restaurant is very clean as well, which is a huge plus.

3. Food: I'm not a huge fan of rice pudding but they actually won me over with their rice pudding. Their garlic naan is also delicious--very light and fluffy. Actually, I really loved most of their vegetarian/vegan dishes.
This place was a frickin GEM found right closely off the Vegas strip. Authentic, delicious Tibetan/Nepalese food & very testy mango lassie... try the Nepalese dinner (for two) its was perfect, even for 3 people.
I yelped and I googled and I yelped when I was in the process of purchasing a voucher from Restaurant.com . The foods was great but not for the money.

This is my first time I tried Rest voucher. I took a friend with me. It was definitely a lot less valuable as Groupon (from what I've gathered, there was Groupon offered at this restaurant recently). Groupon imposed no conditions on money spent (I assume you ordered $40 foods or more with your $20 purchase, then you paid the tax and tips on top, for a minimal of $23.24). Rest voucher dictated you ordered twice as much and paid 18% tip, plus tax. For $25 voucher (you may pay $15 for it), you have to order $45 min of food. So the final total was about $49. What's my saving? If I've got the voucher for free, I still paid about $33. How much is my saving then? If I order the foods without the voucher, I would have paid about $49 too. What's wrong with this picture.

With this irritation aside, the foods were good. Not excellent, but tasty. I was surprised with a one-page Nepalese section. I have never tried Nepalese foods before. And I don't consume east Indian foods often. So we ordered Nepalese sampler $29.99 and a Tandouri chicken $14.99. There was also a Indian sampler for $30.99 available.

The portion on the sampler was so small (2 oz per metal cup) that I could easily finish by myself and still feel hungry. It came with 4 pieces of turkey dumpling, 2 oz red curry chicken (4 cubes), 2 oz vegetarian, 4 small pieces of skewed lamb (in 2 oz cup), 2 oz broth, 2 oz cucumber salad, 2 servings of 2 oz steamed rice, 3 small pieces of brown desserts, and one cut up Naan. Luckily we had Tandouri chicken to contribute a small space in our stomach; it came with 5 small pieces of thighs and drumstick with plenty of onions. I have to be honest, I don't have a fine palate for Indian cuisine. The Nepalese foods tasted like Indian foods.

Even though it tasted good, but I had similar or better at various cities. A meat sampler costs $12.99 and Tandouri chicken $8.99 during a visit to Flagstaff (I thought it was a bit pricey at the time comparing to the restaurant in SoCal excluding San Diego).

The service was plain ordinary. I can hardly understand our server's thick accent. I wound never have paid 18% tips on this kind of service.

The location was off the strip but in the midst of Asian commercial district. There were many Indian and some Filipino restaurants in the neighborhood.

So diners, beware what you are getting from Restaurant.com voucher. It feels like a scam to benefit the restaurants. Groupon is a better deal here. I feel the price is at least 50% more than other places, regardless Vegas charm or not. I won't be back for there is no knowledge gain but a bad overall experience and the worse value I have ever had for a long time.
Absolutely tasty!!! This place is one of the best Indian restaurants I've been to. There mixture of Indian, Tibetan and Nepal is a  refreshing blend. The first time I went there I asked for paneer pakora which wasn't on the menu and the owner went to the kitchen and made me up a plate which tasted amazing. They have lots of beers from India and alot of lassi drinks. Just to prove my taste buds are on the level I recently brought a friend who's wife is from India and she said very tasty and top notch. Well worth it. Nice atmosphere as well.
everything was really great. nice atmosphere and delicious food. cant wait to go back
If you like Indian food or would like to give Indian food a try you can't go wrong with Mint India. Had their combination plate for dinner some months ago and went there today with a group of friends for the lunch buffet. Fantastic food at a low price. If you're a beer lover have the Taj Mahal with your food and the Tikla (sp?) Gold for dessert.
The garlic naan is exceptional!  Stopped in for the lunch buffet and the selection was wonderful -- had all the basic Indian dishes.  There were a lot of vegetarian dishes I winced at.  For $10/person, it's a great deal.
Me and my friends went to the lunch buffet for the first time , so this review is for the lunch buffet only...
The selection is very limited with a total of about 10-11 items (that's including the 2 desserts and 3 soups but not including the chutney bar, which has about 5 chutneys, which I don't care much about..)  , the food is OK for the price, but not the service, me and my friends just felt like we weren't welcome there, the servers never greeted us when he saw us walking in, also very slow when it comes to taking away the plates (we only had 2-3 plates each), not like it was busy in any way, the restaurant was half empty despite it's small space. During the (granted brief) time we were there he never came to our table to check if we need more naan or not..... After we got our second plate, the server gave us the check without asking, and without saying a word to us... We gave him the money and were supposed to get 8 bucks something as change but he just assumed that's the tip for him, which to his credit he was right, but I still expected him to bring the change back first, but he never did... Of course when we left there's no acknowledgement or goodbye in any form....
Their bad manner and service "might" have something to do with my friends being Chinese ? A form of prejudice ? They didn't think we'll tip? we weren't wearing suits but t-shirts and jeans? I don't know for sure....
We won't be back, that's for sure.....
I have experienced a few misses while trying to find a good Indian restaurant. This place is the total package. The decor is filled with soothing earth tones. The employees are friendly and attentive. The food is pleasing to the palate. The best part, the lunch buffet is only $9.99. At this price, I can afford to buy lunch for myself and a few friends.

Unlike my last experience at a different restaurant, Mint is great at keeping the hot foods hot and the cold foods cold. The salad and fruit selections were limited, but they were crisp and refreshing. I am a sucker for Indian sauces. My favorite being mango and mint chutney. I can eat it with everything. 

The vast selection of gluten free, vegetarian, and vegan friendly foods makes it a no brain option for when I'm with friends who steer away from meat. The kadhai paneer was one of my favorites, a firm cheese with a mild taste in a curry sauce. Yet meat lovers will not go hungry. The tandoori chicken was cooked to perfection. Nice juicy pieces that were seasoned exceptionally well.  Chicken chilli was probably the best meat dish offered though. The spice is not over powering but strong. Try the rice pudding. 

The only criticisms I have are that certain dishes were either too sweet or too salty. The masala rice needed to be mixed with some basmati. The galub jamun gave me an instant toothache and numbness of the tongue from the sugar overload.   Other than that, I would happily come here again.
We were ravenous and this was the first Vegas eatery we dined at. I believe the lunch buffet is open until 2:45. I chose this restaurant due to the veg friendly sites touting Vegan naan. The buffet had plenty of vegan and vegetarian items to choose from and my omni boyfriend had a few meat options to satisfy his flesh eating desires. While I enjoyed my vegan naan he thought it was just 'ok' and ordered an additional basket of the original version. They had three different soups and I think all of them at least vegetarian. The surprise of our meal was how delicious their Wittekerke Belgian wheat beer ($4) was! It was yummy and we ordered a second round. They also have awesome mango chutney. Our server appeared aloof or stoned, but it didn't really bother us. Great lunch for a decent price.
Truly the best Indian food at very reasonable prices!  Kwati soup, Tandoori Chicken and Saag Paneer half orders were plenty for two people to share!

Wayne Gorsek
We went to Mint with great expectations after reading all the rave reviews. My experience was average at best.
+ves
The staff was friendly
Very clean place
The food looked freshly prepared and was not oily at all 
They had a variety of chutneys, dips and fresh salad and fruit
The kheer (indian rice pudding) was yummy
The naan was crisp(I would have preferred a dash of butter as that's how I like the garlic naan but the taste was not bad)
The sambhar, idli and chutneys tasted very good.

not so +ve
The vegetarian choices were just ok. The pakoras were cold and therefore not crisp.
The potato and bellpepper, and the shahi paneer were ok but lacked flavor.
The spinach tasted more like garlic than spinach. 
We asked for tandoori rotis and got 1 tandoori roti between the 2 of us and had to ask for another tandoori roti and naan.
I was told that the chicken and meat dishes were just ok.

Am not sure if my experience was colored by my expectation but I was expecting more! The price was great though.
Charming & Cheap 

A wonderful small getaway. Not the typical endless Vegas buffet. Just enough choices to get your buffet fix, small enough to not have to stand in line for 20 minutes just to get your food. 
Nice and simple appropriate decor. A busy place for lunch, but relaxing as well. 
Top 5 buffets in Vegas!
After 3 days in the Grand Canyon this was the perfect meal.  The Indian Sampler had a little tapas-size portion of all the 'greatest hits' of indian cuisine and was perfect for 2 people.

My husband enjoyed the gluten-free beer selection.

We asked for it not-too-spicy but it was still pretty spicy...but I like spicy, so that was OK.

The staff are very nice and place is really clean, especially their bathroom.

I love things in Vegas that make you forget where you are... this is one of those places.
My husband and I have been to several Indian restaurants in Vegas, and this one is our favorite.  We drive all the way to Mint from Summerlin b/c the closer Indian places just don't make food as good as Mint does.

Restaurant is clean, simple decor, staff is nice, and you can't beat the $9.99 lunch buffet they offer.  Buffet isn't huge, but does offer enough delicious choices to be satisfied.  Also comes with Naan.

I'm especially a fan of the Chicken Tikka Masala...it's my favorite Indian dish and they know how to make it right here.  Definitely check them out when you're in the mood for a good Indian meal.
Before I was going to write this review, I wanted to check out Namaste so I can compare both lunch buffets.  Let's just say Mint Indian Bistro won hands down!

I've had both the lunch buffet and ala carte dinner, both were great but the bargain is definitely the all you can eat lunch buffet for $10.  They had a good variety of both vegetarian and meat dishes, including chicken korma.  They make some of the best around, great flavor, creamy sauce.

My fellow diners also loved the lunch buffet, one even exclaimed "if all vegetarian food tasted this good" he'd be a vegetarian!

Buffet includes tandoori chicken and a lamb dish and they bring warm Naan bread to your table.

They also have an extensive drink menu- large selection of Indian and Belgian beers as well as specialty cocktails.

This is a definite "WILL RETURN" spot!
We had the vegetarian sampler. Plentiful quantity for two people and every dish was very tasty..
I am never the first to suggest a buffet, but Mint's lunch buffet has won me over, hands down!! I LOVE the wide assortment of dishes! My fiance can enjoy the meat dishes, while I've no lack in the selection of vegetarian options. And let's not forget the delicious Naan. Light with the perfect balance of softness and crispness...All for a cool $9.99 on weekdays. Oh, and UNLV students get a discount.

My favorite dishes are the Aloo Saag, Chana Saag, and Chau Chau. All are packed with such great spices and full of flavor! I can't leave without having a little bowl of the Khir (rice pudding) and also enjoy their Gajar Haluwa (the carrot pudding).

I have dined here for dinner, but find I have such a tough time choosing one dish because I've become so used to sampling them all at the lunch buffet :)

The staff is excellent! You can catch the owner (very friendly) from time to time. The restaurant is always very clean. 

A friend introduced me to Mint two years ago and I've been hooked ever since!
Auuuggghhh! I don't want to give out five stars anymore! My reviews are too positive. I have too many five-star reviews, so I changed the way I rate places. I'm more critical now and an establishment has to go way above and beyond expectations or be the best I've had in its category. Unfortunately, Mint Indian Bistro is THE best Indian food I have EVER had, period!

I know, my life sucks! All I want to do is give a critical review, but I keep having outstanding experiences.

When I opened the menu and saw dosas in the appetizers, I knew I was about the experience something special. Dosas!!! My use of redundant punctuation should indicate the percentage exceeding one-hundred that represents how much I love a good dosa!!! Mint has giant flaky dosas filled with many different types of awesomeness.

Both Southern and Northern Indian recipes are included on the menu, as well as Tibetan and Nepalese entree selections. I know of nothing like this back home in Seattle. If someone else does, please tell me! This place was great from beginning to end. 

I don't do dessert at Indian restaurants so I can't speak to that, but I did have a delicious Blackberry Lassi which I can say served a dual purpose as dessert/beginning of the evening cocktail.

They have a lunch buffet, but I didn't get to do that since my friend is a bit of a germophobe about buffets. 

So, in conclusion, best, awesome, great, and delicious! I'll have to wait another day at different restaurant to be comfortably critical. I can always go back to Chutney's back home, I guess.
Really average food in buffet for lunch. It was a good selection but food was a little less than I would expect.
My cousin and I are fans of Indian food and when I saw the reviews decided we had to check it out. It was excellent! First a note on the atmosphere, the restaurant had been booked for some event that sounded like a presentation on maintaining your visa. The event ran over and they were not taking walk ins so it's difficult to give a proper evaluation of the noise and the typical crowd. However we had a reservation and the staff quickly adjusted. The fact that an all Indian event would choose this place says something about the authenticity.

We ordered samosa and garlic naan to start. The pastry was light and crispy and the filling was perfect. The naan was light and fluffy. For main courses we got a chicken vindaloo which was tasty and well spiced and a shrimp mikhani. I had never heard of this dish and from the description was expecting something like a tikka massala. It wasn't. It had sweeter creamier taste. It was delicious and I highly recommend it. The staff also brought us extra naan with dinner.

This place is a gem and if you like Indian food worth a trip off the strip.
I can't stop going back!  $8.99 for students!  All you can eat!  Why not!  I love the chicken pakora with mint chutney and the rice pudding!
3.5 stars.

Slightly better than average Indian food.  And when you tell them spicy, believe me, they make it SPICY!  The staff is super friendly and the prices are a nice break from the typical overpriced Vegas food.  And this was probably the best meal I had during my stay in Vegas... and the cheapest... and no ditzy waitresses/waiters.  Woot.
Spicy and good quality!  My friend and I love Indian food.  I wanted to bring some over her house to cheer her up.  Usually, I would have hit Namaste (which is not far from my work), but they don't open until 5:30.  So, I thought I would try Mint.  I got the "Indian Dinner."  Honestly, I can't say that I knew all of the things that I was eating, but yum!!
4.5 stars!

Came on Saturday for the lunch buffet and was happy to walk in and see quite a few tables of Indian patrons.  That lets me know that the flavors are authentic and it was.  Even my cousin who spent some time in India was impressed with the quality, flavors, and selection.  The buffet consists of a mixture of North and South Indian dishes, and every dish tastes so distinct with it's robust spices and flavors. The vegetarian dishes are so flavorful they have the power to convert any carnivore. 

After devouring 2 full plates, another cousin even made the comment "I am willing to become obese for this". That, in itself, is a testament to the deliciousness of Mint Bistro.  We actually had to practice some restraint from consuming the entire buffet ourselves.  We will definitely be back.
We cannot go anywhere in our travels without trying an Indian Buffet.  I have not had a chance to review the Mint Indian Bistro since our last visit to Vegas, so better late than never.  Surprisingly, the experience is "minty" fresh on my mind so I still remember the taste, smells and excellent hospitality.  The variety of food was excellent and more that enough choices were presented for meat and vegetables and the Pakoras were fresh and not overly greasy.  I was both surprised and delighted by the inclusion of eggplant in the vegetable Pakora medley.  Chicken Tika Masala was superb, and the goat curry was just like mamma used to make!   I even liked the Gulab Jamun which is not my favorite dessert, but somehow the Mint made it very tasty.  I always feel a little weird eating with my hands but I saw so many others here doing the same, so I dug in and was up to my elbows in delicious Indian Cuisine.  Maybe some things should stay in Vegas, but not food reviews, especially the Mint, it needs to be shared and appreciated by one and all!
My husband and I ate here on our way home from Vegas. I looked for an Indian restaurant on Yelp with good reviews and Yelp saved the day again by leading us to this wonderful gem. They have meat, vegetarian and vegan options. The buffet was huge and delicious. Everything is clearly labeled whether it's vegan or vegetarian, too, which was so helpful. I could only wish to find this wonderful of a vegan friendly Indian restaurant in L.A. I am on the hunt! I will be eating here everytime I visit Vegas!
dosas!!!!!!!!!
Ever since my beloved Bollywood seemed to take a turn for the worse a couple years ago, my husband and I decided to change it up and give Mint a try. Um, I may have been back here 20 (or 30) times since then. 

They always start you off with free (and yummy) papadum with mint and tamarind sauces. Their mango lassis are soooo good and the lychee lassi that my husband randomly tried one day was pretty tasty as well. 

I'm boring and always order the same thing: saag paneer. Theirs never disappoints, however. And you get lots of paneer which makes me extra happy. We've also had the korma and saffron cauliflower and they are both great as well. I have dreams of the garlic naan. 

I would say that the samosas are not so great, and if I was rating this by the buffet only (and the vegetarian food only), I would probably give it 3-stars. Maybe non-veg have a better experience at the buffet, but I'm not sure. 

We wanted to try a new Indian place one Sunday afternoon, but got fed up because they are all closed between the hours of 2-5. So we finally decided to go to our old staple, Mint, for the buffet. We had to laugh because the place was jam packed with Indian customers... we said that all the other restaurants must close to come eat at Mint for a late lunch. 

Most days the food is amazing and occasionally it's just good. Some days the "medium" spiciness is too mild and sometimes its too hot. But we've never had a bad experience here and the staff are wonderful and very friendly. Definitely give it a try, and seriously... order a mango lassi. 

Note: their menu specifically states what items are vegetarian, vegan, and gluten free. They even have vegan lassis! And they also have a great beer selection.
Very good! The lamb was moist and just fell apart in my mouth.  Will visit again!
Visiting Mint Indian Bistro two weeks in a row definitely warrants a review!

Our first visit was at dinnertime and we were utilizing our Entertainment Book coupon.  For the Husband and I, we ordered:

* Karma Korma "A creamy sauce sprinkled with nuts and assorted Himalayan spices." (with fresh veggies $12.99) - 

* Rebel Curry "This is the Nepalese Gurkha version of the famous curry with a rebelliously inspired exotic blend of curry spices." (with lamb $13.99)

* Garlic Naan ($2.99)

One thing I absolutely love are papadums and was so pleasantly surprised when they offered these to us complimentary!  (Other Indian restaurants don't offer it complimentary anymore!)  Both entrees were so flavorful and just delicious that we couldn't resist checking out their ever so popular lunch buffet option.  

The daily lunch buffet is $9.99 with kids 3 and under being free.  (Ages 4 to 7 years are $5.99.)  It's offered from 11:30 am to 3:00 pm.

One thing I appreciated was that they noted what food items were vegetarian and vegan.  As someone who recently stopped eating dairy, I found this very useful.

When ordering naan, I was able to get this sans butter, which was quite appreciative in my situation.  And with my  new dietary restrictions, I was still able to enjoy quite a lot of food items and left feeling full and satisfied! 

Their buffet menu can be found on their website, but it does change. 

Overall, we were both quite content with their food, a la carte or buffet.  Definitely one of the better Indian buffets in town, especially if you're looking for a vegetarian, vegan, or gluten-free menu!
Good food, no parking problem. One of the best Indian restaurants in Vegas.
I had such high hopes for this place =(

My boyfriend and I stopped here after hearing that they had a lot of vegan options on their menu. First of all, it was FREEZING  inside. SO cold that I had to ask for a cup of tea because I was getting tired of sitting with goosebumps. We were both hungry, and got the Vegan Sampler ($26.99). I got a cup of tea and we got a side of garlic naan.

The garlic naan wasn't naan. It was just flatbread (roti) with WAY too much garlic pushed into the top.  Neither my boyfriend nor I could stomach that much garlic, and that's saying a lot coming from two garlic fiends.

The vegan sampler was so small...for $26.99 we were expecting something to feed two people. It was more like for one person. You get a small, 1/2 cup serving of 6 vegan dishes, including 1-2 cups of cooked white rice. It was not enough by any means. It was supposed to come with a side of coconut sorbet, but it never came. We were told they had replaced it with the "carrot pudding" that was on our sampler. We didn't want that....we wanted the coconut sorbet! SO disappointed.

Way too expensive for the amount of food you get. My bill of $38.00 shouldn't have left us leaving still HUNGRY. My tea cost $5.99. For one tea bag. 

Never going back.
A group of friends and I have a food club, where we get together every two weeks and take turns picking new restaurants to try. Being a huge Indian food fan, I was ecstatic to hear that someone had finally picked an Indian restaurant.

The service we received was great. My friend had informed the owner what it was we were doing, and he was more than accommodating. He sat down with us and we were able to talk to him about the restaurant which is really nice. 

The food, however, was so disappointing. Two of us split the Indian sampler, as it was advertised that it was "Perfect for two to share or one to feast on." Naturally, I was expecting a bunch of food. To my disappoint, when the platter came out - it was nothing more than barely a half cup of each item. It was not enough to satisfy one persons' hunger, let alone enough for two to share. We had even ordered an extra side of naan. It was sad to say, we had more naan than food to eat it with. It's a sad, sad day when that happens. 

I will say, their mango lassi was good.

A majority of my group was disappointed, just as I was, in the food to price proportions. Although, many of them left full, unlike myself - the price they paid for the food wasn't sitting too well with them. But who can blame em? My friend and I spent about 40 dollars between the two of us, to leave the place completely dissatisfied and hungry. 

Needless to say, when we left the restaurant, the first place I headed to was the Jack in the Box in the same parking lot.
And then I went to Mint Indian Bistro in Las Vegas!

I tend to be quite the elitist when it comes to Indian food, because I come from a family in the Indian restaurant business. My Aunt and  Grandmother have a joint in the Valley (LA), which I will not review because that would be biased. I'm cool like that.

In any case, this place is the jam when it comes to Indian food. Seriously. I walked in with my parents, since we were in the mood for a spicy, delicious feast. I hopped on Yelp and saw reviews from my friends Matthew C., Misti Y., Adina C., Jade W. and the list goes on. These are friends in real life, so I know their 5-star reviews are legit.

The restaurant is nice. Very nice. Clean. Dimly lit. Large booths. Very comfortable chairs. And the aroma of Indian food is in the air. It's like a wet dream that you never wake up from. Until you are done with your meal, pay the bill and walk out the door.

The menu is quite diverse for an Indian joint. They have south Indian fare like dosas, bhel puri and the like. You also have choices of Nepali-inspired dishes (tend to be on the spicier side). 

When you place your order, the server punches everything into an iPhone. Kudos for being high tech.

We ordered the Daal Tarka (yellow lentils--full order), the Nepali Chili Chicken (spicy), and the Malai Kofta (half order), some roti, and rice.

Love the papad, and chutneys that magically show up before your food.

Now earlier, I went on and on about how this was a wet dream of a restaurant....the food was the one tugging at you. Definitely the star of the show. 

The chicken blew my mind. So great, and was like a sensual symphony in my face. Although I asked for it spicy (he probably thought I couldnt handle it), it came out medium (which might be spicy to those of you lacking melanin) Who cares? It was fucking unreal. So delicious. 

The daal was perfect. Not too much in spice, so you really got the flavor of the lentils! The full portion is quite large. Go with a half.

Malai Kofta! This was fantastic too. Typically restaurants will use a heavy cream in the recipe, and this dish can be unnecessarily unhealthy and heavy. The subtle hint of coconut milk helped make this a fantastic item on the menu.

Yes, ladies and gentlemen of Yelp. This place is a 5 star Indian restaurant. I am coming back, many, many times. 

Aside from the restaurant in my family, and India Palace in Memphis, TN, this is THE BEST INDIAN RESTAURANT, I've ever dined at. And, I am Indian.

Don't waste your time at Gandhi, Origin India, Mt. Everest or others.

MINT!! MINT!!! MINT!!!!
My friends and I decided not to go to a buffet, because one of us was a vegetarian.

We ordered the Indian sampler and another dish for 4 of us. Everything was so delicious and filling. YUMM!!!
I went here with some friends during our recent vegas stay. It was really awesome. Going to vegas, people always rave about the food, but I've never really found anything food wise that I cant live without.

I am a vegetarian for almost 9 years now and most buffets are meat/seafood heavy and I just don't see the value in paying for salad.  That makes indian food a really attractive option for me. I was with 7 other people and we settled on indian after a little bit of back and forth negotiations.

I am really glad we did!  First, its a little off the strip so parking was easy to find.  Coming with 8 people isn't always easy to accommodate without reservations but Mint was more than accommodating.  

We had excellent service.  We had a free appetizer and our glasses were always filled before we had to ask. 

The menu was fairly extensive.  There were a lot of options, including many of the traditional indian favorites: naan, kormas, masalas, etc.

The portions were generous, served quickly and hot.  My veggie korma was really good.  All around everyone was very happy with the dishes they ordered. 

Some of the items we ordered included: 

Veggie Korma
Lamb Korma
Naan- Garlic and Plain
Rice
Dinner special menu set 1
Mango Lassis
And Chicken Masala. 

The korma was smooth and not gritty.  Gritty korma is a pet peeve of mine.  The dinner set came in traditional metal serving trays with many little sides.  They didn't make a fuss in my request to substitute 2 of the meat options for vegetarian options.  The vegetables were cooked correctly and not mushy/overcooked.  

The spice level was low for me but I also have a very high spice tolerance.  Everyone else seemed to think it was around medium spicy. 

We split the check in 2, which they didn't give us any heartache about.

I'd recommend it as a nice, calm place to get a solid, tasty, dinner while in Vegas- especially if you have a larger group and don't want to fight with the long lines at buffets.  Also Mint is really vegetarian friendly.  All in all, a great experience. =)
Very good food, excellent service. I'm planning on coming back for the lunch buffet. If you ask, you can get Gluten-Free Roti (bread) made from Buckwheat. Also our waiter asked how spicy I wanted my dishes, which I thought was great. I got 7/10 and it was pretty darn hot and I like it spicy.
An interesting mix if Indian and Nepalese food.  It's a small place in a strip mall but worth trying.  The service is friendly and we met one of the owners (or managers?) who was from the Bay Area and chatted about Indian restaurants back home.  Tikka Masala and Butter chicken are tasty but not at the level of my favorite in SF (Mehfil).  Best I've had in Vegas so far.
I don't typically write review updates this quick, nor do I usually write another 5 star review for a place I absolutely love. There's no point in beating a dead horse, but I popped in for the lunch buffet at Mint Indian Bistro with my Dad yesterday and it blew my mind!

Indian lunch buffets are usually pretty sketch. In most cases, it's the food leftover from the night before, and it's obvious. Not the case here.

Every single item in the line was FRESH, DELICIOUS, and tasted as if had been made right there and then. I know this because I had been here for dinner just a couple weeks back, so I could judge accordingly.

I sampled a little bit of everything. The Chili Chicken, the Tikka Masala, Chicken Pakorda, Saag, Daal Tarka, the Idli Sambar....mmmmmm!

For 10 bucks, this really is the best lunch in all of Las Vegas! You get a ton of food and it's delicious. 

If you have Vegan or Vegetarian friends, there are plenty of options in the buffet line as well. Everything is clearly marked, so there is no hanky panky.

Service was great, just like last time.

I can't wait to come back.

In closing, no need to worry about the lunch buffet here. It's just as good as the a la cart menu.

Feel free to eat your meals with your hands, and use the bathrooms afterwards to wash up. The bathrooms are spotless here!
Overall: Great Indian food at a reasonable price.

My boyfriend and I had a hankering for Indian food the last time we were in Vegas and with all the good reviews on Yelp we decided to try the Indian Mint Bistro.

When we placed our order the server was playing with his iPhone while taking our drink orders. I thought this was a bit rude but he explained that they have an app to place orders. Pretty cool. We started off with a salty mango lassi which was delicious.

For our main course we ordered the Indian Sampler ($30.99) that featured garlic naan, veg pakodas, chicken tikka masala, lamb vindaloo, tandoori chicken, mixed veg curry, lentils, yogurt, rice, and a milky rice pudding (khir). We liked the idea of having a little taste of everything and boy did we! The food was outstanding, but the servings were kind of small. I was satisfied, but my boyfriend could have eaten more. They did bring out more rice when they saw we were getting low.  

Tip: They also serve Halal meats and they will call a cab for you when your meal is over.
Ahhh....Las Vegas.  Being from another city, I imagined the entire culinary landscape bereft of anything not bearing crab legs or all you can eat prime rib.  I'm not sure why I had this thought, but I did.  
I admit it.  
However, thanks to the aggregated ratings and reviews of my fellow internet users, my wife and I discovered this assumption shattering tastiness.  
It's a great location, away from the strip, and the interior is classy and understated.  (Though to be fair, being understated is easy to do in a city full of flashing lights and incessant beeping)  
Sure, we waited a bit, but it was Saturday night.  The food more than made up for it.  
We had a sampler platter, which came with garlic Nan, delicious tandoori chicken, daal, biryani, and yogurt.  Everything was prepared with delicacy and care, and as a regular consumer of Indian food, I was more than pleased with the quality.  
Next time I go back, I will have to try out some of the Nepalese selections available.  They looked amazing.  Significantly more enticing than endless prime rib.
It was kind of freaky walking in at 7:40pm to an empty restaurant, but we braved it and stayed.  And it was wonderfully yummy!  Like Sara M., I also thought our waiter was being kind of rude playing with his phone when he approached our table to take our order, but I realized he was using his phone for ordering, what a cute little trick.  I'm glad I refrained from scolding him before I knew what he was doing, because I know you NEVER want to piss off your waiter BEFORE you get your food.  

We had the normal stuff--garlic naan, saag paneer, and chicken tikka masala and a large Kingfisher.  All was so great, we are looking forward to coming back next year.  The only disappointment was that the naan was not part of the meal, we had to order it separately, and they gave us a double order because we both said naan.  We ate lots of naan.  'Erp.

And the restaurant did get busier, 3 more tables walked in after us.  It was a Monday, after all.   Service was EXTREMELY polite as well.  

We hope to see you next year, Mint!  (so please don't close.)
Great service and food was fantastic. Lunch buffet is a bit small,  but well worth it.  Definitely one of my favorite lunch spots.
Not worth the trouble! The wait here is crazy and the service is mediocre. The food was good, although spicier than I am used to. I think I'll stick with India Palace instead. They have better food and better service.
Our absolute favorite lunch spot!! We go almost every week and it's always busy and delicious!! The naan is amazing and the lunch buffet is amazing! We will miss our weekly Indian food lunch!!
Love the buffet. Have not ordered anything from the menu, but really love the buffet too much to try anything else : ) The food is great, and I love the fusion of (what I believe to be chow Mein with tandoor chicken and spices!) Everything tastes fresh, and the service is friendly. A must try if you enjoy Indian buffets!
I went into this place mainly because it was not too far away from my hotel and a quick glance of reviews that told me that this place was going to be ok,   This place serves a combination of Indian and Nepali food (Nepali food gets branded as indian food -even though I feel that Nepali food is more lamb and lentil(pulse) based). 
I loved their unique drink menu. I don't think I have seen spiked Lassis before and that definitely was the highlight of my eating activity there.  We ordered Sambosas for appetizer followed by a few vegetarian entries. Food overall tasted real good and the spice level was almost to the level we ordered  (one was ordered spicy and was mostly spicy and the other was mild). I will definitely stop here on my next trip to vegas.
Another Lunch for 1 please. I went here on a Tuesday for the $9.99 Lunch Buffet. I got... 

Basmati rice: good 
Garlic Naan: good 
Chicken tikka masala: Cubed chicken breast was a bit on the dry side 
Chicken tandori: Flavorful 
Chicken pakoda: Basically battered, fried chicken 
I can't remember the name of the noddles I had, but they were vegetarian and super spicy. 

All in all, it was alright. Good variety of items, with descriptions of what sauces they would go well with and if they were vegan/vegetarian.
Mint Indian Bistro is an interesting spot. It's not like most Indian places I'm used to. A little more upscale, a little more gourmet, a little more... well... different. My paradigm for Indian food is, in general, that the best food comes from the dingiest places - so a proportionally inverse relationship between the fanciness of the decor and the quality of the food (from the standpoint of taste). When I walked in to Mint I immediately formed an impression about what I was going to eat, and I was not too surprised in the end. Just glad to have some decent Indian food since I come from a place that has none. 

The food at Mint falls into the higher-end category - better meats, obviously more hand-made sauces, etc. Not as dirty, earthy, pungent, and 'street' as the style that really rocks my socks. But it's good nonetheless, and sticks fairly well to form as being actual Indian and not fusion, which is what I tend to see at higher-end Indian places. 

I sampled the chicken Vindaloo, which at a half order contained a surprising amount of tender, succulent chicken but not the same amount of potatoes that I'm used to. It has a decent heat to it but not quite the "fiery descent" that's comically described on the menu. The Saag Paneer is quite nice, with a less 'spinach-y' flavor than I'm used to. A much more subtle and balanced version of the heady green beast. The name of our third curry escapes me - a blond affair with veggies. Nice and creamy and delicious - probably my favorite of the three. Paired up with a bowl of basmati rice and a basket of Roti, 3 half-sized (8oz) dishes makes for a beyond-filling meal for two. Props for offering half-size portions... if only the price were half too!

The drinks list is mighty impressive, with a very extensive beer selection, some fun cocktails including a whole spate of flavored lassi offerings, and of course wine. My rose vodka lassi was interesting (tasted like rose!) and the mango rum is exactly what you'd expect. 

Three half-plates, Roti and two lassi cocktails came to a sum total of $54, kind of a lot for the amount of food, but definitely a higher quality of ingredients than I'm used to seeing in the street Indian I usually seek out. The experience, including the impeccable service, also adds in to the value. Papadam to start, clean plates to transition from papadam to meal, and constantly full waters. This is probably the largest departure from the dirty hole in the wall spots I hit in SF for my sub-continent fix. 

I'd definitely come back after spending some more time exploring Indian options in LV.
I love the lunch buffet.  Tons of food and I like that they bring out fresh naan.  The chicken masala and basmati rice are my favorites.  The only thing that is lacking is true raita.  They have yogurt sauce but it's just not the same.  So I have to go to India Palace for my raita fix.  Still very good, friendly prompt service.  Every so often I hopefully check to see if 9091 has reopened and end up here.  It does quite nicely.
Delicious!  Interesting selection of Indian and Belgian beers. Gluten free and vegetarian/vegan options. Chicken vindaloo and buttered naan highly recommended. Friendly and attentive service.
Eh, nothing screams "I must come back here". 
Was anything wrong? Not really. 
Was anything great? Yes, fresh naan of your choice. But now do we go to Indian restaurants for the naan alone? No. 
They have a lot of vegan choices on the buffet, which I certainly wasn't there for. I enjoyed their version of chicken tikka masala. It was lighter, had chunks of tomato in it. I didn't feel super guilty eating it. My husband did not like it as much as the creamier versions. I enjoyed the chicken chili, nice and spicy. First time I ever had chicken chili at an Indian restaurant. 
The restaurant was clean, with newer furniture. 
So anyhow, we will not be back. There are at least two other Indian restaurants in Vegas that my husband and I prefer. 
Check it out if you feel like it, if you don't, no loss.
food was good, but the service took forever, portions weren't very big either - was excited to go after reading all the reviews, and instead got on the road back to cali pretty late and still hungry. maybe save this place for a night you're still in vegas instead of on the way out
Stopped by Mint based on the reviews here while in Vegas. Interesting menu (want it with meat? Vegan? Just vegetarian? Just ask!) so I tried some things I don't usually order at other Indian restaurants - a noodle dish called Chau Chau, Rebel Chicken Curry, and dal soup. Everything was very good - very different mix of spices than I'm used to at other Indian restaurants, and obviously freshly prepared.  The only negative was that one person in my party ordered channa masala mild, and it came out quite spicy (and she wimped out and didn't send it back).
It was a good experience for me and my family. We tried the Lunch buffet. The food was good and was quite cheap.
I never really had Indian food in Vegas, but wanted to try some nice place. The reviews for this place and Tamba were nice, but wanted to find some place off the strip and with easy parking so picked Mint.

The place looks little shady from outside, the plaza was dark and the restaurant did not seem very brightly lit from outside. But don't worry it's a great place from inside. The decor is nice and upscale. It's a quite place, with comfortable seating. The lights could be brighter. There were few other table's occupied (All by Indians) - A good sight if you are looking for true Indian spicy food and not tamed down for the American population. 

The waiter was nice, pleasant and took out his iPhone while talking to us. Realized within minutes he was noting down our order with an app from the app store. Also said they own a software company and are going to start using their own app in some time.

Coming to the main part! FOOD! It was really good. 
We ordered Mint Lassi and Masala Chhas. Both were very Indian and really tasty. 
Their Menu is very well organized. Great for Vegetarians and Vegans since each item says if its good for vegetarians or vegans. Very happy to see how they describe each item in the menu really well. One of the best organized Menu's among all restaurants (Comparing to all Indian, American etc. restaurants).

For the main course we ordered Paneer Makhani, Daal Makhani and Chole With Naans. Everything was really good. Daal Was very tasty, although the color might make you think its not the best, but trust me the taste is nothing short of what you find back home. Naan's were also very good. 

They also have Nepalese  food but did not try it, but would love to try that too. 
Overall great place if you are looking for true Indian Food. Would definitely go back again.
I only like this place because I am Indian and they serve good authentic Indian food.  Haha.
Nice decor, ok service (example: we ordered extra rice and our waiter forgot about us and we had to ask the next waiter who wandered by 10 minutes later if he could bring us some), tasty food. I'm not too sure on the value as my husband and I shared the Indian sampler plate which was all pretty tasty, but wasn't exactly a ton of food for two people (even though the menu indicated it would be plenty). But maybe I'm just used to having tasty leftovers to take home when I go out for Indian... hmm.

I'm gonna have to update my review after I try the buffet, because I've heard good things. For now, Mint remains a solid option for Indian food in Vegas, but nothing really mind-blowing.
If you are in Vegas and looking for Indian food and don't go here you're not living life correctly.
went for lunch buffet. it's great.
lots of food selection.
they even have lamb and it's cook and seasoned nicely.
and 3 different kind of hot soup.
they only thing that I didn't like about the naan is that it's a bit under cooked.
looks really white and I like my naan to be brown. (slightly burned)
I went there for launch.  Their service was very good. They greet and sit me right away and cleared the empty dishes of my table every time I had finished unlike many places that let it linger there forever. Although it was a buffet, the food was fresh and tasty. They offered good selection of vegetarian and meet items.  In general the atmosphere in that place is good. I will go back. I gave them only four stars because I went for their launch buffet not dinner. Therefore, it will be wrong for me to give them full credit. but I might will, after I'll go there for dinner.
We made a reservation last night for 8pm on the OpenTable app while we were out running errands. When we arrived, every table was full and the manager expressed that he thought the reservation was for 8:30. I pulled up the email and he apologized profusely. They seated us to the side with menus while they figured out where to put us. The manager continuously apologized and we were seated within 20 minutes of our reservation, with drinks (which we ordered while we were waiting) and papadum arriving quickly. 

My husband is still coming to terms with Indian food (he was convinced he hated it when what he really dislikes is curry, so he's been slowly discovering things that aren't curry), so we ordered the Indian sampler to give him the widest range of options. At least one other reviewer suggested that this wasn't enough food for two, but we found it to be more than worthwhile. True, there were no leftovers, but that isn't what we were expecting. The tray is artfully presented. Each item comes in its own small, circular metal container with naan in the center and extra rice on the side. The containers are easy to pick up, which is really useful when sharing. There isn't really enough naan for two, but our second order came out fast and warm.

Everything expect the vegetable curry was a little mild for my taste, but that was the price I paid for sharing with someone who asked for medium.

I had the lychee rum lassi. I really like the idea of alcoholic lassis, but the lychee flavor was a little mild. I think I'll start with a stronger base flavor next time. Lychee was too delicate.

I had the lunch buffet a while ago and came back based on that. It was definitely worth it.

They did rush us out without be drink menu I asked for after we finished our khir, but when I saw the grandmas in saris sitting outside in a line about five tables deep, I decided that my darjeeling would be just as good brewed at home. They were apparently the place to be on Christmas Eve.
I came here for the great lunch buffet we have been hearing about on yelp.  Let me say it is true.  Great service and a great line of food.  

The salads were great, but do not be tricked with the spiciness of some of the peppers.  I was tricked by thinking it was a bell pepper, but after five minutes of crying, I have learned my lesson to chew more no matter how hungry you are.  

The curries were delectable.  The goat was especially wonderful.  The soups were good.  My favorite was the tomato.  The others made me feel like it was lacking something.  The naan was great.  The misses liked the garlic one while I liked the original.  

Although we came early, before they opened, they let us come inside away from the cold and sit while they finished preparing the buffet for us.  The service was wonderful.  I love how their menus have descriptions of everything.  From the ingredients to the drinks to the little anecdotes about how particular drinks were not really Indian.  When I come back to Vegas and I am craving Indian, I am coming back to this place again!
If you like Indian food, you MUST try this place out.  BEST Indian lunch buffet you'd every get for $9.99!!!  

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UV2Jt8slktGu14gLZeNCjA?select=C-4_Sty9KaYPEFTIugumEg
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UV2Jt8slktGu14gLZeNCjA?select=MqHNz380wuIl0CRBnIwbPA
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UV2Jt8slktGu14gLZeNCjA?select=rW4XgF2v6TlLAlLlP-w_5w
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UV2Jt8slktGu14gLZeNCjA?select=Rh-nqM059aha5VQk8KOBOQ
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UV2Jt8slktGu14gLZeNCjA?select=pB8-Xqx6-Dmxl0D00fBqkg
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UV2Jt8slktGu14gLZeNCjA?select=p64zLEyMMnAA8cJU7M96iw
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UV2Jt8slktGu14gLZeNCjA?select=Bk8D407zNs5eDgSDWi-h2g
www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UV2Jt8slktGu14gLZeNCjA?select=xcmxpP3nOszlom9jQwHs7A
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UV2Jt8slktGu14gLZeNCjA?select=cIU2s6vHL7LHByxfwjvcEw

The variety is unbelievable, including several chicken and lamb dishes but also many vegetarian ones.  I've never seen an Indian buffet with that big of a spread!  There is also a salad bar.  

Everything was delicious!  The Garlic Naan was out of this world!  The chicken curry and fried chicken (strip) were very yummy and the chicken tandoori was the best I've ever had!  They even have desserts!

Love, love this place!  You will, too!
Dinner review. Excellent staff - humble, paid the right amount of attention to me. Excellent food: I had the sauteed cauliflower and potato vegetarian dish. Try the ESH 28, a german beer - a strong beer with a very smooth taste.
Simply just delicious Indian food. The owner Kris is very attentive.
Unbelievably great Indian restaurant. Hip, classy, reasonably priced, and the food is outstanding. Everything in this place is really well put-together; even the menu is a delight to read (the beverage section says something like, "while we're waiting for the Himalayan snow to melt, perhaps you'd enjoy some of our other water selections..."

The Indian sampler was so tasty, with a wide variety of dishes and perfect proportions (the perfect dish for a first date). The Mango Lassi was flavorful but not too sweet. The organic tomato soup is unlike any tomato soup I've ever had.

The owner stopped by our table, and it was clear how much pride and thought he had put into the restaurant. I plan to return to Mint Indian Bistro every time I go back to Las Vegas.
The food here is absolutely delicious. I highly recommend the lunch buffet, since you get to try so many of their dishes. As a vegetarian/semi-vegan, I also appreciate the variety of veg options available, as well as the labels they have on the buffet line noting if foods are vegetarian or vegan.

The staff is very nice as well. Recently my boyfriend and I arrived just before the lunch buffet was scheduled to close, but they said we could do the buffet anyway, and even brought us some vegan naan!
Solid 4 stars!

Is nice to get away from the strip if you're there for an entire week!!! The ambiance here is great! Very calm and the service is great. 

They are so high tech! The waiter took our orders with his iphone and it was submitted into the kitchen! He said the owner created an app. Genius!  

You can never go wrong with Tikka Masala!! We came here for dinner with a party of five. No buffet--a la carte. 

We ordered an assortment of dishes, but my favorite was the tikka masala with garlic naan. 

I also ordered the peach lassi, which was pretty good. It tasted like a peach yoplait! hahaha

Oh, I forgot to mention, but they have a GREAT, extensive selection of alcoholic beverages!!!
The best Indian food I've had in Las Vegas so far. 

Don't get me wrong, Mint Bistro's food is not the best Indian food one can find, but well above, for instance, Gandhi Indian Bistro, which is just a short distance to the west.

Four stars is probably a little high for the food, more like three and one-half. The cons: in every chicken dish that I've tried, the chicken is overcooked. I routinely expect that in chicken tandoori, but not in tikka masala, or even the chicken chili at Mint Bistro. Additionally, the food is definitely toned down for American tastes. I have to load up on the chili paste at the salad bar.

I do the recommend the chutneys here, all of them but especially the mint and coconut chutneys.

The service and smiles on the staff merit five stars. I like to see happy people in a restaurant. That makes me believe the management cares enough to consistently produce a good product.

Finally, the beer selection is very good, though for some odd reason, Mint Bistro carries no American beers, not even some of the premium micro-brews.

I definitely recommend Mint Bistro and my criticisms are only offered in the hope that the management will strive to improve the minor deficiencies I have listed.
this place is not to shabby. went for the lunch buffet which was good. the quality of the food was pretty good. the service was great. wish they had more of a variety. meaning not the same type of food everyday, (ate here about 2 different times). the naan here seems to be doughy. its a thick piece, im not sure if they make it like this because they are from a different region but i've had some where it was more on the thinner side. wouldn't mind coming here again. definitely enjoyed my food here.
Lunch buffet is relishing here,each dish has its own richness!! Also, versatile range of buffet dishes allows you pamper your cravings to the core.
Right from the ambience to the food,its worth to be there!!
Good work..:)
This is a nice little Indian Restaurant not far from the Strip.  The decor is hip, the workers are polite, and the lunch buffet is delicious.   The price is $9.99 and they usually have a good variety of indian dishes.  If they have Tikka Masala, it is usually watered down... but everthing else is good, especially the Chicken Pakora.   I like the salad area, where they have some nice chutneys.   The nan is good, but they don't always ask if you want more.....and sometimes they get busy and don't refill your water... and if you have a burn going..... that could be dangerous.  Of all the indian restaurants near the strip, this is probably the best.  This place can get full very fast, because it is small.   Parking is not so good, as it is in a busy little strip of stores.  They open at 11:30.   Enjoy!
This place wasn't Mint when I originally reviewed it so it isn't fair that they get the reviews grandfathered to them when this business was called "Himalayan something something".  

Decent buffet.  4 stars if you eat meat but 3 if you don't.  They do offer a few unique dishes I don't see at any other Indian buffet like their version of lo mein, chaat and 3 kinds of naan and soup.  I just prefer the overall selection a little more at other places.
Move over Namaste - there is a new Indian Buffet Champ in town or maybe I'm just way too late discovering...

I knew I was in the right place when we walked in to a filled up buffet at 1pm Saturday, hall full of Indians.  

They brought us a pitcher of water and asked what kind of naan we'd like between regular, butter, or garlic.  I know a few places that bring your naan fresh table side but this is the first that offers you a selection.

Their buffet selections also provided some refreshing new items such as the their Chicken Chili, a Saag which wasn't your standard spinach but a combination of flavorful veggies, and a ridciculously tasty Goat curry which i proceeded to get 3 plates of.

I passed out for 3 hours after eating their buffet and can't wait to use my Restaurant.Com coupon for dinner as you can't use for their lunch buffet.

I was thoroughly impressed with their buffet and know dinner will only be better.  Definitely check it out.
Came here NY day to celebrate my friends engagement.  Kind of a random location, but not far from the Tuscany (which I love).  Had the lunch buffet and everything was very good.  There were also a lot of Indian people, so you know that's a good sign too.  They have a little bit of everything to suit all tastes and spice levels.
I love the Mint!
Not much to say that hasn't already been said.

Many vegetarian and vegan options (and labelled as such!).
The menu itself is an enjoyable read - very cleverly written.

My most recent visit was on Valentines Day 2012, when they had a pre-fixe menu - which was a four-course meal with several options for each course. At $40 per person, not including drinks, this was a more expensive meal than the usual dinner here. If anything, there was too much food, but I love leftovers for breakfast, so I'm okay with that.

The meal was delicious as always, the waitstaff friendly and prompt - especially considering how slammed they were on this big dining-out night.

Two special little treats were the Rose Mintini - a slightly sweet, rose-flavored cocktail that was a perfect compliment to the spicy fare - and the kulfi, which was a cardamom flavored cross between rice pudding and ice-cream. Extremely rich and flavorful, it was served in tiny cups, but was creamy and wonderful - and just the perfect treat to end a lovely meal.
My husband and I went here for Valentine's Day while in Las Vegas.  We were blown away with how amazing our night was!  

The service is nonpareil.  Before we even arrived at the restaurant, someone gave us a call to let us know that the menu was prix fixe and wanted to let us know that we can look on the website to make sure that we were still interested.  And, once there, the staff were all very attentive and we didn't have to wait long for any of our courses to come.

There are many vegetarian options and each course was, quite easily, the best Indian food that we've ever had.  The Mango Lassi is also quite enjoyable.

We will definitely always come back to Mint whenever we're in the area!
This restaurant is a gem. The daily brunch is a steal! It includes a variety of meat & vegetarian entrees from throughout India and Nepal.  While many others already have reviewed this restaurant, since this is possibly my favorite restaurant, I wanted to add my applause.
Taj Palace is still my favorite although this is the only comparison I have. Mint doesnt have as many vegetarian options as Taj Palace who offers about 6 options including a salad bar. I was disappointed that Mint didnt offer any lentil dishes and the naan wasn't as great as everyone posted. My fianc who is the meat eater wasn't too fond of the goat curry and prefers Taj Palaces chicken tiki masala. Overall, it was a good place to try for Indian food and was crowded for Saturday lunch buffet so that has to say something but we'll stick to taj palace for our Indian fix.
Great place to sit down and enjoy great quality food. New Menu and great selections are now available. Was not too impressed with the service this time. Usually pretty good yet today was rather disappointed.
Very good food and prompt service. Lamb Khorma is amazing. waiter  had exceptional recommendations and could explain the spicy index to my wife. Ask about the beers bc they are unique.
Out of all the Indian restaurants in the Las Vegas area this one is my favorite.  I have never had a dish that I didn't love and service has always been great
The best Indian food in Las Vegas. Tons of Vegetarian and vegan options. Tons of chicken and lamb options. If you have never tried Indian food, there are several options that will get you introduced  to it with familiar flavors. They really do have something for everyone. They have easy to read descriptions and so many different flavors to choose and love. They only think that isn't 5 stars is the cocktail menu. The descriptions are nice but the flavor is just OK. Stick to the virgin Lassi or their nice beer selection for better options.

It has been fairly or very quiet every time I have gone and the service is always friendly and excellent.  You can control the spice of your food as well on a 1 to 10 scale. I usually go with an 8 or 9 depending on the dish. Good spice with excellent flavor. Great for a date night or to try somewhere new.  Food is 4-5 every time, Drinks are 3 to 5 and service has been 5 every time so a 5 it is for being the best Indian food in Vegas.
The food was pretty good. The dosa and nan were very good. The lamb vindaloo and chicken tiki masala were just okay. Certainly not bad but not the best I have tried for sure. The service was very slow.  It took 45 minutes from when we ordered to get our food, that's not an exaggeration.
We had dinner at Mint tonight and it was amazing! We had a few items:
Potato and Pea Samosas - these were ok, a little too much seasoning for my liking. 
Vindaloo (chicken thighs) - Full portion - very good with a tomato base. It was a great recommendation by the waiter
Tikka Masala (chicken) - *our favorite* - this was the best Tikka Masala we have ever had.  It was absolutely delicious.  We also had a full portion of this. 
Garlic Naan - also SO yummy! 

Between all of this food, my hubby and I were stuffed. We could have even passed on the samosas and been more than full. 

The staff was also very attentive, and although the restaurant was packed, we only waited about 10 minutes for a table.  

Overall, thanks Yelpers for all the great reviews! It was a fantastic choice for dinner.
Best indian buffet in las vegas and top ten in the country yes indeed. Good selection but much more authentic than the usual buffet fare and the honey ball desert is to die for! did i mention the endless naan?
This place was so good!! The decor was chic and the service staff was very nice and helpful. The menu was huge (sometimes a bad sign) but everything we ordered & every dish that passed our table looked and smelled delicious. We had been craving Indian food, so before we stepped foot in the restaurant, we already knew we were going to order momo and chicken tikka masala. Lucky for us, Wednesday happened to be chicken tikka masala night, which means if we bought one, we'd get the 2nd one half off. (You can choose the level of spiciness you prefer.) Along with the naan, this meal really hit the spot. I'm not from the area, but I will definitely come back here anytime I'm in Vegas again just to try more tasty dishes, especially those on the prix fixe menu!
Their buffet was the best amongst all in the sin city. Ambience and service was good and timely.
I am from NJ and an Indian. NJ has large Indian population, but there are only two restaurants that are good. I moved to LV two years ago and I had been trying out different Indian restaurants for sometime. When I went to mint for first time I thought that this was best Indian restaurant in LV apart from Namaste. I just could not believe that I've not written a review on this. So, here is my experience from last weekend.

Last weekend I went to Mint with my friends and my gf. Some of them had never been to Indian restaurant. They were excited to try it out. So we ordered the following.

Shrimp Khadhai - $19
Chicken Tikka - $15
Lamb Rebel Curry - $15
3 Butter Naan (my gf's favorite)- $9
1 Bhathura - $2.99
Daal Mahkhni (lentils) - $13
Chicken Biryani (fried rice) - $15
2 Chaat appetizer - $16

We ordered everything very spicy and it was delicious, specially the shrimp khadhai. My mouth is watering just writing about it. Also, the free basmati rice that comes with the curries is very delicious and smells amazing. All the curries were amazing, the chicken biryani was little over cooked, but it was spiced well.

My only complaint that I would have is that their full size portions are very small, and their full size portions are way smaller than their some restaurant's half sized. Now I know its a good trick to get your customers to buy more food, but i think they should be honest on their serving size. 

Final Bill was $140 plus $30 tip for 5 people. Not that bad, but we had to order more food and we did not order any alcohol.

Positives 
 - Delicious food
 - Good Ambiance
 
Negatives
 - Prices seem unreasonably high for the quantity of food. (I guess that's what happenes when a restaurant gets famous.)

Overall,
Its just as good as Namaste if not better. 

P.S.
Their lunch buffet is good, but its not as good when you order of the menu.
Good food lunch buffet has food value.   Staff is helpful and polite.  Worth trying
Everytime i drive out to Vegas I HAVE to stop here.  Bar none. the BEST Indian food I've ever had and well... I'm a vegetarian. I eat a LOT of Indian food.  The greatest thing is they have all regions of Indian food so, you don't have to pick just one, you can have them ALL. Plus, the wait staff is super nice and willing to chat with you about the food.

it's a little bit pricey, but even for the frugalest person it's worth EVERY STINKIN PENNY.
The place smells great when you go inside. Some of the best tarka dal I have ever had. My Karia was good, not spicy enough my friend had chicken vinaloo which was also tasty. The service was at a glacial pace.
My fave spot! We love their buffet options. They cater to your needs and service was superb. I have yet to try their DOSA Buffet on Sundays. Maybe soon!
Hands down, Mint Indian Bistro is the BEST Indian food in Vegas.  I'm originally from SF, I'm Indian, and have been searching for a good Indian restaurant in Vegas for years.  Mint has authentic, fresh, some organic, and most importantly, amazing flavors that give me the perfect curry fix, if i'm too lazy to cook myself ;)  The service and team there is also VERY nice and attentive...
Great Servers ;-) Delicious Food..Outstanding Owner ;-)
The food and service was wonderful. We had the vegan sampler for 2.  Way too much food and left very happily full.  Highly recommended.
After reading all the good reviews we came here because my wife was in the mood for Indian food.  Its not a big restaurant and It is a buffet.  The mother's day special included a mango lassi (yum!) and  a dolsa (a rolled up pancake with lentil in the middle).  

The cold bar had varius kinds of churney, a salad, some fruit, and other sauces.  There were also 3 different kinds of soup.  A tomato soup that tasted a bit sour, a lentil based soup, and a spicy soup.

Its got a lot of the standard Indian fare.  What stood out to me was the goat curry.  The goat meat was fall off the bone tender and the curry had an excellent flavor.  Also, the tandoori chicken was nice and juicy.... not dry like a lot of other joints.  The paneer sagg (a spinach and cheese dish) was also pretty good.

There were some vegetarian dishes but being the carnivore that I am, I did not partake.  I got a taste of India without blowing out my palate on ridiculously spicy food.  That makes this a decent restaurant in my book.
My fianc wanted to go to this place and I was a little nervous at first since I have not had not been to a good indian buffet in town and I had given up trying. I was really surprised when we got here though. 

First all of the food looked really fresh, not like it had been made earlier this week and was reheated. Everything was very tasty and not spicy. I really enjoyed their mint chutney, spinach, pakora, tiki masala, goat, and garlic naan. (yes I did eat all of that for lunch, I know I'm a fatty). Only giving it -1 star for no samosas and the service was kind of lacking.
Good food both in quality and taste.  The staff is friendly a well
There used to be a couple of wonderful Nepalese restaurants in the Detroit Metro area, and I've missed them sorely since they closed.  Mint's Nepalese offerings made this a must-stop place during business & pleasure trips to Vegas, and I've been here several times.  This latest visit in May of 2012 found Mint as more fusion-oriented than I remembered it; they appear to have dropped some of the Nepalese dishes, which made me sad.  However, we found a great deal at Mint to be happy about.

1) Lassi bar.  Both my husband's mint lassi (not sweet) and my blackcurrant lassi (sweet) were sublime.  The color, the flavor, and the texture were all just perfect.  We did not have liquor in either lassi.

2) Drinks list is extensive, with many beers I remember fondly from my visits, including a wonderful lambic, a beer named "Troubadour Obscura," and a bock that is probably one of the best beers I've ever tasted.

3) Diverse menu-- mostly Indian with some Chinese, Tibetan, and Nepalese-influenced dishes-- with many can't-fail choices.

I've enjoyed the "Rebel Curry" on a previous visit, but this time we had the momos-- delicate meat-filled dumplings similar to a potsticker, served with a spicy tomato-based sauce.  I had the tamarind rice, a vegetarian offering that worked well as an entree after the course of momos.  My husband had the chicken Chau Chau-- one of the Tibetan noodle dishes-- and a bowl of the delicious noodle soup.  I had the warm sweet carrot Halwa for dessert and my husband had kulfi; our two fellow guests, both newcomers to Tibetan and Nepalese food, both enjoyed the Chau Chau with shrimp and the lamb momos.  

Service was spotty-- the server had to be asked three times to provide lemon wedges for our water, and frequently missed at least one person at our four-person table when providing refills or removing dishes.  And during almost every course-- beer, entree, dessert-- we encountered the news that something we'd ordered wasn't available at that moment (no Ras Malai or Hakka noodles), so each of were eating and drinking our "second best" picks for at least one course out of the menu.  The dessert I ordered wasn't available and the server took it upon himself to bring me out mango kulfi instead, which was a nice gesture but a terrible idea, as I am allergic to mangoes and had previously indicated I did not want mangoes in my iassi.  Dishes are presented attractively on four-cornered white plates but presentation isn't really exceptional.

In spite of these hiccups, we had a very good time, which goes to show how excellent the food and drink here are.  Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll be heading to Flamingo Rd for another lassi and a plate of momos.
Cool half moon booths. Great service and attentiveness of staff. Food was solid all around. Extensive menu, including Jain, Gluten free, Vegan, Vegetarian options. I had the lamb vindaloo which I give a 7 out of town. Naan was good. The owner was very interested in feedback and once he found out how much I love vindaloo asked me to come back and try it after he made some subtle changes to improve it. Orders were taken on ipads. I will be coming back, had a great experience overall.
Tandoori chicken was way too dry, definitely not cooked the same day. The easiest curry CTM was very disappointing. I am not coming again.
The advent and subsequent proliferation of the Indian buffet has been a boon to America.  Even back in my homeland of Kansas I was only blocks away from one.  Mint Indian Bistro fills the gap that my recent relocation created.

Their masalas and curries are great and genuinely spicy.  They also have just as many vegetarian options as they do options for carnivores, which is a plus.  It also helps that these vegetarian options are tasty.

Avoid any of their sauced dishes described as "bone-in" or "with bone".  Bone shards can be found throughout these dishes, and while tasty, a bone can be a real turn off texture wise if you don't break a tooth on it.  That said, this is a minor downside.

Notes:  Baskets of naan like baskets of chips at a Mexican restaurant?  Oh hell yes.  Also, paneer varies from restaurant to restaurant.  The paneer at Mint Indian Bistro is like a firm tofu, which is my favorite style of paneer.  Those of you preferring a creamier paneer are officially on notice.

For $11 you'd have a hard time finding a better buffet to embarrass yourself at in Vegas.
We stopped in for their lunch buffet while visiting my sister who lives in Vegas. Great food, great ambience. Friendly, efficient staff. Will definitely go back next time we're in town.
Love this place! Our new favorite great food and service :)
Good selection of good items on their lunch buffet. Servers were attentive but not overwhelming. We had a large group of about 15 (we called several days ahead to let them know we were coming). They did a great job even when we requested split checks which they graciously accommodated :) 
A good mix of mild and spicy items to choose from on the lunch buffet. And all is labeled including some suggestions for accompaniments.
I will recommend this to coworkers who may want to try something different for lunch.
Great Indian and Nepalese menu great atmosphere . First class service and dishes not found in many reaturants. Las Vegas offers great restaurants. I would say this is definately worth a visit.
A long overdue update about Mint - short and sweet, but well deserved.

Mint have clearly listened to the feedback from Yelp over the last couple of years. What we have now is a well-rounded, extremely consistent buffet and a comprehensive menu ready to cater to every food preference.

At 10.99 for buffet it's no wonder that this place can have a queue out the door around lunchtimes. 

Plenty of delicious fare to choose from and some vegetarian options for my wife. Oh, and garlic naan that's among the finest in the valley.

Don't miss out!
Yummy Indian food and very good service
I work for an Indian company and have traveled to India in the past and enjoy the cuisine. Mint has a daily buffet that runs 10.99 and is well stocked. You can also go ala carte if you like.
The service is good and they are fast. Tables move quickly and its a good place for families with kids as well.
Overall a good place.
Went on a recommendation of a friend in our dining party, who had heard of Mint via word of mouth but also had never been himself either.  Located in an unassuming strip mall, Mint is somewhat of a buried treasure in Vegas.  We went for dinner and were seated in a spacious booth, the restaurant itself was almost packed at 8:00pm.  

The menu itself is extensive, but also descriptive and keyed for Vegetarian/Vegan items, Gluten Free, Spicy, etc.  Very impressive regional beer selection, I had never tried Indian beers before.  Our party of three enjoyed the Garlic Naan, Vegatable Samosas, and the crispy flatbread that was brought to the table was toasted perfectly.  For our mains, we enjoyed chicken tikka masala, lamb biryani, Rogan Josh (with lamb), and I loved loved loved the buttered masala dosa I ordered.  (I had been craving a proper dosa for months!).  Various chutneys were brought to the table as well.  

All of the items were delivered with good timing, and were all equally delicious with tender chicken and lamb.  At the time of your order you can designate how spicy you'd prefer your meat/curry dishes (on a scale of 1-10).  Our server was hilariously talking us into spicier levels and we were glad we agreed with his recommendations in the end.    We ended with the small dessert offerings of which I can't remember the name but all were lovely and petite, served in tall shotglasses it seemed.  Total bill for three adults with one alcoholic drink and one soda $100 with tax. 

Mint is definitely a jewel hidden in the Vegas rough, we will be back indefinitely.  If not on this trip, then the next.
Both the lunch buffet and the menu items are amazing.  Everything here is awesome!  I'm a vegetarian, so I appreciate that everything on the buffet line and in the menu is labeled with whether it's vegetarian, vegan, gluten-free, etc., etc. to accommodate all kinds of diets.  You won't regret eating here!
Oh Yelp, you steered me wrong on this one.

I feel pretty bad about it actually, because there are some things that Mint really does right.  Unfortunately, few of these were related to the food itself.

The good - they bring you a carafe of water and leave it on the table so you can refill your own glass.  This is really nice when eating spicy Indian food (of which there was none here.)  The restaurant is very clean and attractive, the service is very friendly.  They bring naan fresh to your table and the naan was good.

The bad - Most of the buffet was bland, bland, bland.  And I don't mean just 'not spicy' bland, but 'no flavor' bland.  The tikka masala was gloppy, like the cream in it had curdled, but it had little flavor.  I was SOOO excited to see goat curry (my favorite dish ever!) on the buffet... but it was bland, bland, bland.  The meat was good but the curry...nonexistant.  The saag was downright horrible - the worst I've ever had.  Everything tasted like they'd forgotten salt (and I don't like overly salted food).  The creamy tofu curry had no flavor.  The kheer was also pretty dreadful.  They use rice angel hair instead of rice, so it had a slimy wormy consistency and the runny 'sauce' did not taste good.  I usually love kheer but I took one bite and that's it.

The indifferent - the gulab jamun was about average though I couldn't taste any cardamom in the simple syrup, which is a letdown.  The dal was subtly flavored but not too bad.  The best dishes on the buffet were the 'chili chicken' (tasted like mexican-indian fusion but actually had some flavor) and the 'veggie chow chow' which is some sort of noodle dish that didn't really remind me of any Indian food, but didn't taste bad.

The buffet was about $11 per person.  There were a surprising number of indo-pak folks in here, surprising because of how bad the food was.  Normally at the places I frequent in other cities that have a lot of indo-pak clientele, the food is very spicy and flavorful (sometimes too spicy for my pansy white arse even).  But here, it was like the baby-food bland version of everything.  Why were they here?  Is this really the best Indian food available in Vegas?  I shudder to think that is the case.  I hope they were just having a bad day but honestly the food wasn't good enough for me to want to find out, despite the nice touches of fresh naan and abundant water.
Feel: you enter this place and want to feel good about this place, good lighting comfortable seatings et all. Good music.

Menu card: i love elaborate menus, ones which tell you details and makes you imagine and times salivate :). This one takes it a step ahead it even details items like gluten free, jain , halal etc.

10 on 10 for menu.

Service initial:
1. The manager asks for scale of spiciness.
2. The waiter clearly asks for water with ice or without it. How many Indian place do so?


And the good part ends there, rather miserably.

My friends, veg asked for a thali for 2. Question: how can a thali for 2 have only 1 nan?
Lamb lollypops, not well marinated and rubbery.
We were asked to rate the level of spice in food, we asked for 8 and got a -8

0/5 for food. There is an apt hindi saying: unchi dukaan feeka pakwan (only pomp and show but no content).

A good reataurant has to be flexible, we asked for a thali which had kheer for dessert but we requested to substitute with gajar halwa ( available on a different thali ). The request was rudely turned down not by the steward but by the kitchen, we never got what we asked for.

The waiter goofed up plain rice and jeera rice and tells us not to worry he will have the ticket updated. I love food and feel bad when my love for food is weighed in currency. 
Service 0/5
This is a great little Indian restaurant or maybe I've lost how to rate Indian restaurants since the Indian restaurants in Austin just plain suck (at least most of them).

The lunch buffet had a decent variety of vegetarian and non vegetarian dishes, along with a salad bar and two desserts(it was gulab jamun and something else). I don't like desserts so I can't comment on them; the vegetarian dishes, kadhai paneer, Saag, mushroom potatoes, dal, sambar, idli, rasam, pulao were all great. In the non veg section there was chicken tikka masala, chilli chicken, tandoori chicken, goat curry and another chicken dish. They all were great; I ate a bit of each coz it was that good. Also they bring your choice of bread fresh at your table unlike other Indian restaurants who leave theirs at the buffet table.

Oh yeah, if you're Indian and drink iced/cold water, you need to tell them that. The default water for us folks is warm water :)
Great food. Not too spicey, and I am not referring to Indian spice level, but very very tasty. Kabob's are great, soft, and very tasty. This is one of the best food I have experienced in the USA, and the quality can be compared with one of the best in India. Their beer collection is also very impressive. I haven't found that level of collection in any Indian restaurant, in fact in any restaurant. The only reason I am not giving a five star is because their service. We were kept waiting for beer and food and additional order at a time when there were not that many people in the restaurant.
This place is off the strip. It's in a little strip mall type and when you get there, you wonder what you will find. You walk in, and you still are not 100% sure. But once you sit down, the servers are just as friendly as can be. They are are ready to help you choose and tell you what you are eating.

Try one of the samplers with a friend. Well worth it. When it started to come (there's a few courses), the server let us know what it was.

The taste of all the foods we ate were wonderful. The servers were great, the location was good. The only down fall is that sometimes they took a while to get back to you once you had your food.
the shittiest indian food you can get anywhere. being from india, i know what the food is supposed to taste like. the food never tastes fresh and mostly smells bad, the desserts being the major disappointment. the service is real poor and during buffets, u have to wait for ages for just the bread. the food overall seems to be cooked in a jiffy using cheap spices and paying minimum attention to taste. hygiene has been my major concern lately, as the food gave me a bad stomach. 

the website does not allow a NEGATIVE rating, or I would have gone for that.
A pleasant surprise in a town with a ton of mediocre overpriced restaurants.

- $10.99 lunch buffet (including weekends)
  - Vegetarian options galore
    - Delicious food
      - Best garlic naan I've ever had (made fresh to order and included)
        - Constantly-refilled carafes of water (instant hangover re-hydration)
          - Comfy and clean atmosphere

My only complaints were that there were no samosas and that I couldn't order off the regular menu during buffet hours.  While initially disappointed, the food on the buffet line was really great.
We had a lunch buffet for 13 on a friday afternoon.

- Hard to find parking. It's in a small area, so walking just a couple min in fire bc you parked so far is a pain
- Clean. To my surprise, the restaurant is pretty elegant. nice plates and fancy cup glasses.
- comparing my experiences with indian restaurants near UC Davis, the food is not spicy at all. I was expecting it to be packed with flavor, but curries were nothing close. For my tastes, overall somewhat bland and dry.
- Garlic naan was great! fresh! But comes with a caveat. it takes forever for you to get some. 
- Although it is AYCE, Don't expect to be coming back for more and more. Not much of a selection to choose from so I would say at most 3 plates. After a while, the food gets redundant.
My husband and I went there last week because everyone had raved about it.  There was no parking and its in a very busy area. We went for the lunch buffet and despite the crowd it looked like everything had been sitting there a while.  The desserts were just plain gross. I will give them credit for good naan bread but it wasn't "to die for" and it took forever to get it.  We were almost done before it was brought to our table.  And to top it all off I got sick an hr after I ate there.  It could have been an off day for them but I think I'll try to find a different Indian place. :(
This was our first time trying Indian food and we are now huge fans!  The flavors were delicious, the service was attentive, but not too pushy.  We ordered the sampler for 2 and we were able to try a bit of each of the popular dishes.  We'll definitely be back for more naan!
All fire and no flavor. Vindaloo was pretty hot, but no complexity.
Lunch buffet, dinner.. I've done it all.  I really like Mint and all their veggie selections for us non-meat eaters.  The menu is easy to navigate and is coded with abbreviations to let you know which is vegetarian friendly, gluten-free, etc.  I usually opt for the aloo gobi or the chana masala with a side of garlic naan and always end up leaving happy.  Like I mentioned earlier, I've stopped in a few times for the lunch buffet and always leave happy as well.  They can a bunch of great choices for lunch and they always like to keep the "veggies" in mind with a bunch of meatless dishes which are all labeled, warmed up, and ready to go.  Definitely a favorite of mine and definitely a step up from the Himalayan joint they used to be.  Coming back soon and definitely coming back hungry!!
My boyfriend and I love this place! YUM! We will be bringing his parents back (they are indian so that means a lot.)
Phenomenal! Excellent portion size and flavor through the roof. Super courteous staff. Menu is awesome--so many options: vegetarian, vegan, gluten-free, lamb, fish, chicken, etc etc etc. And the price is right! Enjoy!
Best Indian food in Vegas .. I've lived in Vegas for 6 years , and before that in the bay area .. Where u can find the best Indian food. But it took me 6 years. Finally.. No more eating this fake Indian food in Vegas.
I was on a quest to find the best Indian food in Las Vegas - which is easy and hard at the same time. it's easy to pick out the bad ones, and hard to find the exceptional ones. Luckily, this is the exceptional one.

This place hits all the positive points there are to hit, especially for lunch. Service is good, the place is clean and well maintained.

For lunch, their buffet is simply the best. There is quality, flavor, variety and value in what you pay. They're also strict on their health code, at least to the customers. They are watching like hawks for any plate re-use.

For dinner, I know foods aren't the same as they way they are served for lunch, and I haven't tried all of them. They're supposed to be better as they're supposed to be prepared fresh for you. The ones I have tried have been good and full of flavor and quality. The only thing to note is the absurd price of dinner entrees, like any Indian place really. That's why I can't give it 5 stars.
I am utterly addicted to their lunch buffet. The food is fantastic, and the servers are very polite and professional. I love this place to death.
One of the few places where you can still get an authentic multilayered whole wheat Paratha made on the tawa (Indian girdle /saucepan) as it should be and not in the tandoor (Indian oven) - makes all the difference in the taste!!!
They serve the usual north Indian food plus south indian fare also such as idlis.
Though biryani is a standard item on their menu the owner on occasion makes some biryani himself and I am keen on trying his biryani. Service is very good and friendly. Compared to most buffets (for lunch) of its kind I thought theirs is among the better ones I've come across.
Simply awesome food! Manu covers almost everything.
My friend took me here for the buffet the parking was tough and it doesn't look like much from the outside. Once we got inside I was surprised to see how comfortable, clean and how friendly the employees were. I can see why it's tough to park everyone wants to eat here. The food was so fresh and delicious, the price is right too! They have the buffet 7 days a week at the same price, that is impressive. I told my friends, my one friend took her husband and two sons (middle school) she said, they all enjoyed it very much. Great find!
The worst food and service ever. The rice was under-cooked and the milk which was used for the mango-shake was expired so they had to go back &  change it. After leaving,  2 of our group had a very bad stomach ache. Sounds too much right? Well,  after all that has been said; God is my witness.
Mediocre Buffet - Disappointing experience:

After looking at the yelp score on this restaurant we decided to visit it for buffet and ended up with a major disappointment. 

If you don't want to experience below, DON'T visit this restaurant:
- Inferior food quality - Most of the food items had poor preparation and lacked taste.
- Poor selection of food items 
- Low hygiene - the place didn't look clean. The floor was dirty and I could notice food particles lying down the floor at several places.
- Taste? Not so good. I can get better food elsewhere in below average restaurants.

There are several better places in Vegas if you want to try out Indian food. Just avoid this one.
Oh wow.  How do I describe this place?  I've always said that any ethnic restaurant where people of that ethnicity fill the place must be either good or they pay a lot of people to sit in the window.  IN this case, it's the former.  I went with an Indian friend and she was in heaven.  I've been to India a couple of times and the food here is as good as anything I had there.  Prices are reasonable.  Warning: if you order the Inferno curry, the waiver isn't a joke.  This curry is made with pure Ghost Peppers and it will take a half-gallon of lasse to cool the burn, but it's delicious once the burn subsides.  I loved it.   In one word: go.
Great service, great food, great selection. Our dinner party of four included a vegetarian, a gluten free vegetarian, and low carb dieters. Mint was made to order for us. You would never guess that the buckwheat naan was gluten free. The vegetable korma was delicately seasoned, creamy, but we asked for medium spice, so it did have a little kick. The marinated vegetables cooked in a tandoor were spicy and smoky - too much for one person. I hear the chicken tandoor dishes were delish too. We will return. Thanks MINT!
Awesome. First time ever eating Indian food because I've always been afraid, but the only word that comes to mind about my experience is awesome. The Chile Chicken and Lentel soup appetizers were perfect, and the main course dip-like stuff was all seasoned perfectly. I can't speak for it myself but I also hear the lunch buffet is fantastic.
I hate buffets.  Ever since I was about 9 years old and ate a horrific piece of cold fried chicken at the Circus Circus buffet, I pretty much avoid them unless they're being paid for or someone I know really wants to go with them.  For a while this even extended it to restaurants I liked or cuisines I enjoyed that offered buffets.   I would skip those and order a la carte.   

With my recent love for Mt Everest's lunch buffet and my complete obsession over Indian food in general, I figured it was time to venture out and try another.   I'm ridiculously smart for this decision, because Mint blew me away at lunch today.

We were seated and offered a choice of naan and I ordered an iced tea before going up to grab a plate.  Naturally I skipped over the fruits and veggies on the first cart and went right to the rice, pakoras, and varieties of dals, curries, and chicken dishes.  First thing I noticed that I appreciated wholly was that each item had notations on whether they were vegan, vegetarian, had glucose, or had jain.  One of the friendly servers heard my friend and I seemingly confused over what that even was and she explained it (people who dont/cant eat garlic or onions?  Perish the thought!)  I annoyed her with my lactose intolerance issue as I do everyone that I encounter in a food establishment, but still took my chances with just about anything that didn't say "paneer" on it.  My goal at Indian buffets now is to never return for a 2nd plate.  Of course this just means that I have a mountain of food on my one and only plate, and Mint was no exception.   If I went back for seconds they probably would have closed down for the day.  Pretty sure I was triple stacking items and just letting them all ooze together.  It's like an fountain drink suicide indian style.  The only negative I can think of on selection this day was no samosas.  Seemed like a greek joint without falafels.

Got back to the table with my iced tea waiting and a basket of fresh, hot naan followed shortly after.   EVERY single bite was delicious.  I wish I could go into greater detail on each component, but it wouldnt be adequate.  I probably had 12 different items on my plate, and I repeat:  EVERY bite was delicious. 

Price was standard and worth every penny.   One final exemplary service note which might have just been circumstantial, but on the receipt it noted that the naan was with (no butter).   I think the woman that was working at the front of the line may have informed our waiter to hold the butter on the naan as she overheard the two lactose intolerant weirdos in line discussing it.   Way to make us feel welcomed!

Gotta go 5 on this one.   Though I'm starting to wonder if there are any Indian restaurants here in town I DONT like....
Amazing food and excellent service. Off the strip so it's quiet.
So, I went here with one of my friends and I was really excited for the place. We are seated relatively quickly and it takes awhile to finally get menus from our waiter. That did not really bother me too much. But, it gets better. 

After ordering a series of dishes, it takes unusually longer than it should have. And, when we got our food, there was hair in the Chicken Tikka Masala and Rice. Yes - three hairs in each one. I was shocked and disgusted at this. We immediately inform the staff of this and receive a half-baked apology. But, they replace it with no problem. We get the food back, but now our Naan is cold. So, we ask for the Naan to be warmed or get new Naan. They oblige and we get new Naan. My friend takes a bite into his potatoes that we got and there YET AGAIN another hair. But, this one being smaller. I have never been to place that allows its cooks to leave hair in the food. It is very careless of them. 

I was expecting amazingly service, but was met with subpar service. I expected amazing food, but I was met with hair in the food. I will not be back here. Too gross to eat hair in the food. 

Foodies BEWARE!
Wonderful food and service! The buttered garlic naan is the best. My favorite dish is the Malai Kofta and the Lassi menu has every flavor imaginable.  I tried the Rose Lassi and it was delicious.
Was here over a great weekend where we saw Peter Gabriel at Planet Hollywood and The Beatles LOVE show by Cirque du Soleil. We could have eaten anywhere on the strip, but chose Mint based upon their menu and reviews. We came in late, after LOVE and were seated. The gentleman who came over to our table was a joy, asking us what we might like, the level of spice we may want in our food, etc. He is the owner. The menu is extensive: Northern, Southern Indian with Himalayan foods offered, as well. I asked for his help in navigating the menu and he guided us brilliantly. The food, service and experience was one that I WILL repeat - EVERY time I am in Vegas. It was THAT good.
Very nice place , good waiters, nice food ( LUNCH  buffet is $11 each , eat as much as you like ) meat is Halal . AWESOME
Possibly the best Indian food I have had in Vegas so far. I had the Rebel Curry, which while not being spicy at all was very tasty. My friend had the Chana Masala. We also split a couple different kinds of Naan. I thought the dining area was nice, the lights were dim and the tables were spread out enough that it was pretty quiet in there. We also tried a few different deserts and they were very good. The menu was huge so I will definitely be coming to try some more dishes.
Best indian in las vegas
Me and my fiancee finally got a chance to come here. We ordered one of the dinner for 2 (can't remember the name of it) but its a sampler. All of them were awesome. I cannot wait to go back.
As a person who grew up eating curry a few times a week, I have high expectations when it comes to curries or any type of Indian food for that matter. This is one of my favorite Indian restaurants in Las Vegas. 

Your best value for eating here is to eat during the buffet lunch hours. You have the opportunity to sample a variety of the top-notch dishes and always go back for seconds, or thirds. 

The dinner is good, too, but your bill can add up quickly once you order an appetizer, two entrees, and naan.
Well I would have given it 4 stars except that the service was lousy - I was there by myself and felt invisible.  They were very nice when they did show up.  Had to ask twice to get a beer.  It wasn't that busy - come on now.  

What really pissed me off was the brown rice scam.  I was told my meal came with white race and I asked for brown and was charged $6 extra.  You gotta be f-ing kidding me! ...... I expect to get reamed on the Strip but here????

All that said it is a really nice place.  Very attractive; tasty food and best beer selection I have every since in an Indian restaurant including some Indian beers I had never seen before and the one I ordered was quite good.

If they can up their game on service and stop selling brown rice at gunpoint I would have been much happier
Dinner for two (first one listed on the menu) was absolutely delicious!  Will definitely put this place on our regular rotation of restaurants.  Price is very fair and atmosphere is pleasant.
Great lunch time buffet! Good service, great Naan, and good food!
JUNK.  I'm very disappointed in Yelp reviews on this one.  The flavors were not that great.  Nan bread did not come out until we were finished with our lunch.  I will not be back.  There is another place here in LV that blows this place away.
I am typically not a huge fan of Indian food, but this place has changed my mind.  The decor is very modern and the restaurant does not have that usual smell that comes with Indian cuisine.  The meal is buffet style, and although I was not certain what the items I was putting on my plate were- they all tasted yummy.  I especially loved the garlic naan bread with the sauces they provided.  So good!
I wish this place wasn't so far away!  They make me want to be vegetarian.  They do have chicken and goat (which are delicious), but the vegetarian food is like no other.  They serve fresh bread, I usually go for the garlic butter naan.  For the drinks, I like the mango lassi because it thick and not overly sweet.  

The decor is very special and feels warm.  It's a very simple restaurant, but I love it.    The waiters are quick to clean up finished plates.  I've only had the buffet here, which is about $10.  Very low price for delicious food.  In the buffet, each item is labelled with a lot of details, so you know exactly what you are eating.
Lunch buffet. 

Quit reading this review and go get you some!  

The food was so good.  Meats were cooked well, not just chewy mystery meat in sauce.  Everything was flavorful, it was a very casual environment, and it wasn't touristy.
The food and service here are so good! Everything is done with care (and probably love); every dish reflects the interest in maintaining high quality. That is, the chefs don't seem bored, even with the typical standby items you find on the menu of an Indian restaurant.
And speaking of the menu! The names and descriptions of each dish are as delightful to read as the food itself is to consume.
The Mighty Momos were a highlight, but I would order the Vertical Vindaloo and Mango masala dish again as well.

I tried to give it 5 "hearts", but evidently Yelp doesn't accept any special characters.
Unfortunately, after living here a year I've discovered that my beloved new city is sorely lacking in Indian food. Perhaps I was spoiled by having the delights of Devon so close by, but I really came to take quality Indian restaurants for granted.

We've been coming here since we were tourists and this place was known simply as "Himalayan Cuisine," with Nepalse plates and much more rustic decor. Nowadays, the redone and renamed Mint is more of an Indo-Chinese fusion sort of place, but they have that one hallmark that every self-respecting Indian restaurant needs - a lunch buffet! It has a good selection compared to some of the other Indian lunch buffets in town and is a really good deal at $10. The ala carte dinner menu is very comprehensive and has lots of options and tweaks available to the courses, but we pretty much exclusively come for lunch when the value is best.

The service has traditionally been awful and inattentive but has gotten much better lately. With that marked improvement this is clearly our top choice for Indian food in the valley.
I had a buy one get one entree coupon to this restaurant, so I decided to stop by because I really like Indian food. It was buffet time there, and most restaurants don't honor the bogo entree coupons for buffet, so I was thinking it might not go as planned, but the waiter said I could use it! Great deal. The other bonus about this place besides how good the food tastes, is that it offers gluten free food actually labeled "gluten free." I have celiac disease so that meant a lot to me. Thanks Mint Indian Bistro. I like you guys.
I've found over the years, that trying an Indian restaurant during their lunch buffet is by far the best value, and a great way to try new things without being disappointed if you don't really like it. I love chicken tikka masala, unfortunately Mint's didn't really tickle my fancy as much as I was hoping it would. It was good, but not as flavorful as I'm used to. That being said, they had other dishes that were delish! I liked their chili chicken, and chicken vindaloo. Their garlic naan was fluffy and yummy, and both rice dishes were good. GIve this place a try!
Fantastic food, great service! Friends love their mango lassi (which is a yogurt drink.)
tried this place for the first time tonight. LOVED the food and the service was great. can't wait to come back and try different stuff
My husband and I went here on a Wednesday evening around 6 p.m.  The restaurant was fairly busy with both dine-in customers and a to-go line.  They also seemed understaffed, and worst of all, the waiters use iPads to take your order, which seemed to be more of a burden for them than a time-saver.  Our waiter seemed like he cared but was overwhelmed.  Some other members of the staff, however, seemed the opposite.

Part of the reason we tried this Indian restaurant was because it has a full bar.  Unfortunately, simple mixed drinks took between 10-15 minutes to arrive at our table.  I would not recommend ordering any of the more elaborate drinks on the menu because the wait time would probably be even longer.

We ordered naan, an appetizer, and two entrees.  They brought out the naan first, then 10-15 minutes later, only one entree.  Then we waited about ten minutes for the second entree.  Thankfully, we were sharing both things, or this would've been way awkward.  At this point, we still hadn't received our appetizer, so we asked the waiter to please cancel it.

The food was actually quite great.  We ordered the Chef's special lamb kabob and the Vertical Vindaloo with chicken thigh, and they were both excellent.  The vindaloo was not saucy enough for my liking, and the "Full" size was rather small for the price.  Other than that, we weren't disappointed by the actual food, despite its strange delivery times.
"We are easy on salt". The worst thing ever heardfrom a restaurant manager when complained that the food had no salt in it. I know it's a 4 star rated restaurant but its been more favored for family friends than new customers. Don't ever go during rush hours. They say they have indo Chinese fusion food.  Don't order any Chinese dish as it has no salt in it and the restaurant manner instead of apologizing say that they are easy on salt. I will never ever go back to this restaurant. This is my personal experience.
Must go! while in vegas.
Being from the bay area, I have Indian/Pakistani restaurants by the dozens everywhere. So, when we looked up for Indian food in the Vegas area, I wasn't having high expectations. I was surprised by what I had there. It was freaking amazing! And the cherry on the cake, it was zabihah halal. We had the following:

Chicken fried rice: absolutely awesome. The rice had a slight crunchy texture and though by concept may sound like raw, but was actually superb.

Yellow dal: the best dal I have had in the US. Period. Low in spices and full of flavor. In love with dal now.

Malai kofta: didn't care much for the kofta, but the gravy was awesome.

Chicken kadhai: wasn't bad but we had far superior food on our table.

Chicken momos: the momos were amazing but the sauce with it wasn't. I have had a lot of momos in India (my fav roadfood snack after chaat). I used to love the chilli sauce served with the momos in India. Here the momos were pretty close to the original though.

Paneer pakoda: good. Liked the sprinkling of chaat powder over it. 

Chilli chicken: was nice. Not like India, but am not complaining.

The portion sizes could be upped a notch. The half portions are way too small and the full aren't that large themselves.

The decor is nice. Not date night but better than Indian restaurant standards. The service was really good.
Except their biryani nothing is really worth trying.
I had planned on visiting this restaurant during our visit to LV Christmas 2012.  Took the bus off The Strip to the Atomic Research Museum across the street from the Mint Indian Bistro.  After the museum, we walked across to the restaurant and joined the line for the Sunday lunch buffet.  We added our name to the list, which was on a tablet (Ipad perhaps) with the help of another customer (this was a new experience for me).  The restaurant is only so big and we must of hit a popular time.  Polite host and waiters.  Waiter was great, especially for a buffet.  We were a bit out of place, as we are not Indian.  But I saw that as a good sign as we waited; it  must be really good Indian food.  It was great.  My wife thought it was too hot, but she likes very mild.  The flavors were wonderful.  I've been to Indian buffets before, but this was more extensive. This will be a repeat should we return to LV.
Good tasty food...Spices are added appropriately for the dishes...Must eat place if visiting Vegas...
Went here for dinner yesterday. The place was packed for a Monday night but they arranged a table for us after a 15-20 minute wait. 

The server quickly brought out some papads and 2 chutneys-coriander and tamarind. The chutneys tasted great. 

I remember visiting a long time ago for the buffet and not being very excited about the food. This trip was different.
We all were excited to see so many options of different types of indian food, and tried the following:

chau chau noodles with veggies-This was yummy despite the taste of tomato ketchup in it. really yummy actually. 
Schezwan fried rice-good
dal makhani-yumm
saag with paneer-flavorful 
cheese naan, naan and tandoori roti were fresh and crisp

The only downside was the fact that the portion sizes are quite small for the price. They also charge for chutney, onions etc.

I look forward to going back and trying some other stuff like south indian food and indian street food, which I always seem to crave.
The difference between their gulab jamun and heroin is that one is a hopelessly addictive substance, known for its ability to wreck one's health and soul, as one lies, cheats, steals, and even kills just to lay hands on a little more, to get that blissful feeling, and the other is an illicit narcotic. 

Everything else on the lunch buffet was pretty good, too. But, when I'm 750 lbs and diabetic, it'll be Mint's gulab jamun to blame.
This little gem is nestled not far off the strip and boasts one of Vegas' most extensive Indian style menus. There must be over 1,000 different combinations of how you could experience their food so that's one of the main reasons I keep coming back. 

Well, that...and the beer selection. You'd be hard pressed to find a more eclectic selection anywhere else. Norse, Belgian, Indian and much more adorn the beer list. But prepare to be occasionally disappointed since they will run out of their more esotheric brews.

But I digress...getting back to the food. Huge portions (with the option of half portions...score!), multiple vegetarian/vegan options (had the kofta tonight), and delicious naan & roti make this a must stop for me whenever I'm in Vegas.  Try the tikka, biryani or any of the curries and you won't be sorry.
Simple review for this place.

13$ lunch buffet that is awesome. Great quality food with a decent variety. They also offer 10% off if you show your UNLV student ID. Lack of 5th star because if you order any drink that is not water it takes them a long time to bring it. But the decor is nice and the staff is friendly and the food is good. Great place to get your indian fix in. 

Oh and if your into the whole Vegan thing they have a lot of options for that on their menu.
Simply Amazing... no words to describe how incredible the food is.  Tikka Masala is to die for.  The service was great, too.  They were all very friendly and overall it was a great experience!
Believe the 200+ reviews hype. In the words of Nike "just do it". I'm definitely doing it again that's for sure. Fresh, delicious, Indian food for the lunch buffet.  Worth the wait. As you're seated they bring you fresh made naan of your choice, buffet line has vegetarian entrees along with chicken and goat. Mmmm mmmm good!
Yummy Indian food! Our first time here 

We came for the lunch buffet, which was a great deal at around $12! There was a lot of variety here, almost too much, as it was hard to tell the differences by a non-seasoned Indian food expert like me  But everything was fresh and good, except the tandoori being a little overcooked.  Here is a pic of my plate :

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mint-indian-bistro-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#6hnFlW45fvu6-AVVij-66A

There were some really good dishes, but I really enjoyed the chicken and mild curry goodies. Also, the garlic naan bread was super yummy! I also liked the more spicy chicken dish, which had peppers and other tidbits. They have plenty of orange slices for my little one, which makes him a very happy boy!  

Come check it for a great and inexpensive Indian food buffet!
The lunch buffet can't be beat here!! The price is super cheap and the food is very good! Is it worth the hour long wait one time, when the line was out the door and had to wait a super long time for a lunch at 2pm on a thursday... ehh??? The buzz must have gotten out cause this place was packed for lunch.  The garlic naan is super fresh and keeps coming out when asked for.  The selections at the buffet are all tasty and good.  My go to indian food is always chicken tikka, tandori, rice and goat curry which are all good here. The tandori is not too dry (which happens often for indian buffets I noticed) and the goat curry has lots of actual goat meat.  Spicy factor is definitely there so be warned!! I also ordered a mango lassi but that was ok, I think it was a pre-made from a carton though, boo :( which is a little disappointing.  The only issue is when it's packed, the service gets a little slower and the wait is pretty long since people do not want to leave without getting more than their money's worth.  You know a place is super good when it's native people are taking over the place, not trying to be racist but this place was FULL of indians and their huge families... so it must be good right?!  Don't miss out on this place and lunch is very good cheap eats for great food!!
I liked the simple decor and that this place had an amazing menu with entrees from all over India as some of my favorite dishes are south India! 

Sadly they were busy and understaffed and caused my friend and I to almost miss our flight, we spent over 2 hours here. When we first arrived there was only one other party within an hour the place was packed. Lucky restaurant apparently bad for us.

Things we dined on

Garlic Naan 4/5
A little too crispy for dipping in my entree broth but still good.

Veggie Kofta 3/5
Lacking flavor although the kofta had the right texture.

Plain Dosa 4/5
Massive in size check out my photos. Dosa tasted great but the coconut chutney was probably the worst i've tasted. 

Saag paneer 1/5
Lacking more flavor then the kofta, do they not season the food at all?...

Lime Soda 1/5
Suppose to be fresh squeezed limes, you could clearly taste that it was not.

Rose Lassi 2/5
Never tried a rose lassi before although I love mango and mint lassi's and I love rose ice cream and yogurt. Not what I was expecting.

Service was terrible took 45 minutes to get us our drinks alone then our order was taken add another 40 mins. No I am not kidding, I remember this like yesterday although it was almost 3 weeks ago. This was a very stressful dining experience for my friend and I. A not so pleasant way for us to spend our last few hours in Vegas.  I will not be returning when back in Vegas.
This is the best place in vegas! We love the food, the staff, and the lunch buffet. We eat the lunch buffet on a regular basis and love getting to enjoy a good meal and talk with the staff. We go all the time... curry addicts! 

Great options for all kind of diets and special needs. Vegan, vegetarian, meat lovers, etc.
Safe to pass.
I gave it 4 stars for their off the menu food, its pricey and the quantity is bit low. Their buffet is the best Indian Buffet I've ever had. There are so many varieties of veg and non-veg curries, two different types of naans, rice, different indo-chinese dishes. Food tests excellent and its only $12 plus tax per person. There buffet is from 11AM-3PM daily. They get bit busy over the weekend so there might be 20-30 minute wait.
This place is good every time we go. This time we got there right at 11 as they were opening the buffet. All the dishes were out, hot and delicious.
The staff is friendly and courteous. I make it a point to bring out of towners here. Delicious, authentic Indian food.
I love to eat, no surprises there. But what I really love is a cuisine-specific buffet. I'm fond of smorgasbord buffets too, but there's something about just Indian food or just Chinese food or just Mexican food, and endless amounts of it, that make my heart go pitter patter (in an excitement way and a high blood pressure and cholesterol way). So when in a panic of needing Indian food and needing it now, I met my girl Jaime W for some AYCE yums. 

When we arrived, we were given menus. "WTF FOR?!?" I thought. It turns out that in addition to their delicious lunch buffet, they have a hefty selection of drinks, alcoholic and non. Next time. 

I started off wrong by getting a small plate instead of the bigass one necessary for all Indian food pursuits. It didn't take me long to fill it up. I did not care for the green salad--too peppery--but hey, that's the beauty of the buffet. Chutneys all were so winning, especially combined with any of the other various items on the buffet. You can't go wrong with mango chutney and paneer tikka masala, amirite? 

The menu is SuperMenu, so clearly marked for anybody with dietary restrictions. My only dietary restriction is having only one stomach so I'm not concerned about vegetarian/vegan/gluten free but if that's your bag, here's your place. I also like how there are menu suggestions and they let you know that some things are desserts (except those little donuts. Those are marked wrong, they are for every course). 

Definitely will come back for the dinner menu and for the buffet again. Can't complain about a thing.
Service: awesome, food: massive! Ambiance was great! My first time here and ill be back! Leftovers were super good at the crib, I grinded it up the next day!
My first time here and it was absolutely amazing!! Surprisingly superb beer selection. Our server was very helpful, made great suggestions and was genuinely kind.. Great place!!!
Mint is really good. I am not overly familiar with Indian cuisine so I can't give great insight but what we ate was delicious and I had to be rolled out on a cart by my wife afterword.
They have a really delicious buffet. If you have any special dietary restrictions, this is the place to go. They mark each buffet item as vegan/vegetarian/gluten free & more. I really appreciate that.
Mint is located a few blocks from the strip and practically across from the University. This attracts both visitors and local students to their restaurant.

The lunch buffet is what I usually go here for. With the UNLV discount, it is an affordable and tasty option.

During the daytime, the interior looks bright and airy. At night it has a moody romantic atmosphere. The servers are always friendly and I'm so glad they are very accommodating for people with food allergies. The menu is clearly labeled with icons indicating Veg/GF/Nuts/Etc.

Onto the food! Goat curry and any paneer dish are the things I make a beeline for. The goat is tender and full of flavor every time I come here.

For dinner, I usually get takeout on my way home. I've tried the Rebel Curry, Saag, Rogan Josh, and a few others. There's lots to try here.

Dinner or lunch, Mint does not disappoint.
Finishing the last episode of Gordon Ramsey's Great Escape; I had the strongest urge for some flavor packing curries and was instructed to come here by my over-zealous vegan friend. 

This restaurant has such a wide variety of curries of non-vegan and vegan selections.  
Their buffet runs from 11am-3pm and might i say, something everyone should become very familiar with.  The buffet is only $12 and it comes with such a variety of foods, it's such a steal!  Considering I came here for dinner and ordered chicken tikka masala (buttered chicken) and naan; the bill came out to about $18.  The buffet includes chicken/vegetable tikka masala, tandoori chicken, basmati rice, bone-in lamb curry and more dishes i can't pronounce.
It includes normal and garlic naan! 
The curry is packed with so much flavor, the naan comes out freshly made (HOT), the meat of the tandoori and chicken tikka masala is slightly dry but other than that I really can't complain. Food is an A- for me.

The only complaint I have is for dinner; their portions are a bit small for what you pay for but nonetheless still very tasty.

Service is spot on and punctual whenever you're out of drink, naan or if you have empty plates; oh yeah their naan is refillable!  Our server was extremely friendly, wasn't overbearing and took care of us throughout the whole dinner.

Ambiance was very warm, lights dim but not dungeness and with trending indian songs to add culture to a very modern looking restaurant.  

Despite having a few indian restaurants surrounding this area, i'll always return to Mint for their money worthy buffet, vegan options,affable and attentive service and their delicious food.
In looking at the reviews on Mint; I had my expectations set very high when walking into this small resturant. They were quite busy when we arrived after 8pm on a Saturday night, but the wait wasn't too long, though there wasn't a place to sit down inside (it was a cold night in Vegas). You'll see that I frequent Indian restaurants fairly regularly wherever I travel, so I know what I like and how it compares to other establishments. 

My family and I decided to go with the Chef's Northern India tasting menu and were given a plethora of different dishes, though with smaller than normal portions. We all enjoyed the pakora (they called them pakodas) and again thought we were in for the best Indian meal in a long time. That being said, the lamb vindaloo was rather skimpy on the lamb (and it was tougher than it should have been), the chicken tikka masala had great flavor; but was more masala than chicken, and the daal was good, but just a tad undercooked. I was also disappointed when I asked for a "6-7 spicy" I received something more like a 2 or 3. They do have something they call Inferno chili sauce, but I thought my dishes came from a very universal pot that's geared to less spice (and flavor). As other reviewers have noted, their naan bread is excellent. Service was satisfactory, but I never felt like I was being "served" meaning it was more obligatory than driven. 

All in all, a good Indian meal, though I have had better for less money.
This was my first Indian restaurant in Vegas.  Went with a friend and it was great....I'm looking forward to going back and maybe try the Inferno menu....I'll sign the waiver!!!  Everything we had was darn good.  I can not remember the actual name of the dish I had but it had Mango and Chicken but it was super.  My friend had a veggie dish based off of a butter chicken curry....and he said his too was good.  I've been telling my friends all about it.
Mint is my favorite Indian restaurant in the Valley.  I love coming here not only because it's near UNLV, but because it's really good.  You can't beat $10.99+tax for a delicious lunch buffet with 10% off if you're a UNLV student.  It just doesn't happen.

Their butter naan is so yummy; I have to remember not to fill up on that so I can fit more delicious food in me.  My OCDness likes that they organize their buffet trays from starters to sides to entrees.  They used to have a dessert warmer at the very end, but I think they nixed this because not enough people were utilizing it during the lunch hours.

My favorites are (and I will definitely butcher the correct names of these items): the yellow Indian fried rice with vegetables, fried vegetables, the noodles with vegetables, chicken tikka masala (I know that one!), goat curry, and spicy chili chicken.  I'm pretty sure I've tried everything there, but these are my go to dishes.

The 5 stars comes from food and price alone.  They really do have delicious high quality food.  The service is consistently mediocre if not subpar, but if I'm at Mint it's for the food.  Also, it takes awhile for drinks to come out, especially if you order coffee.  I don't know if it's a cultural thing, but I've almost always received my coffee at the end of my meal. I would prefer it as an accompaniment to my meal.  And getting your bill can take awhile too sometimes.  If I have to leave, I just go up to the counter and pay.

And fair warning, you will leave the restaurant full and with a lingering fragrance on your clothing and hair for the rest of the day. You were warned!
One star, and there's good reason for it.

Visited Mint today. I love Indian food. I grew up on middle eastern, Pakistani, and Indian food. The food here is NOT Indian, it's Indian made for American taste buds. Yaddaddaimean? But let's get down to the *critiQUE.*

Service:
There hasn't been a single time that I have come here, in which I have felt comfortable walking through the door. It's always a depressed / emotionally challenged man who takes us to our seat. Water, at first, is there quickly. Refills are scarce to none. We wait 5-10 minutes for the check every time. Never half-a-smile cracked by the server(s)...and everyone who works here looks, plain, miserable. 

Food:
I'm a huge curry fan, and a huge goat fan. Both of these are garbage, here, and this is why: all curry tastes the same, jus different levels of spicyness. The goat is terribly undercooked, chewy, and has NO FLAVOR (as everything else, here, is flavor-less). Today was the last straw. There was hair in my food. Done. I don't pay money for hair.

After the fact:
Ive been feeling like crap all day. Stomach is not right. I am unbelievably, and strangely fatigued. I regret this.

There's nothing here for me. I don't trust this place's discipline in cleanliness at all! I don't trust that it "matters " to them until they get caught and shut down! (which they already have, as far as I've heard, for sanitation) they're here for the quick buck. It seems that There's no "moral standard" in this business.
We were visiting Las Vegas and were craving Indian food. Mint had a lot of good reviews and we decided to check this place out. The crowd was extremely young and the place was lively. The decor was okay with muted sounds of Indian cinema music in the background. The menu was very innovative -- almost every appetizer and entree had a twist. We are vegetarian and so this review won't help if you are looking to hear about the chicken tikka masala (which I am told is good...). 

So, we ordered the Organic Samosa and vegetable pakoras. We also ordered the mahakali mango masala (yes that is the real name), Dal Maharani Balti, and the Hariyali Kabab. After a long day of gallivanting, we were hungry and would have eaten anything cooked :-)

For the food then... While the names were innovative, the food not so much. The Hariyali Kabab was green (as expected), but was bland. The chutneys were basted on a bit too much and there was literally no spice. The Mahakali Mango Masala was similarly taste free and bland. We had ordered this with paneer and it was undercooked. The Dal wasn't bad and probably the only item that was tasty enough. The breads, on the other hand, were fresh and nice.

Also there were a lot of innovative lassi types. These were very nice as well. 

Perhaps the items with meat were better and the crowd was generally having a lot of fun! So, we might have been the unlucky group. This place is definitely worth a visit just to see the creativity in the menu.
Clean restaurant. I ate the Maharajah Tikka Marsala with paneer cheese. Really creamy and very delicious. I wanted it to be spicy so I asked for a 6. But it wasn't spicy at all. My friend ordered the vindaloo with spicy level at 6 and it was quite spicy. Not really consistent with their spice levels. im guessing if you are ordering something creamy and you want it spicy, at least go with an 8. Naan was soft and good. I enjoyed it overall.
I had the privilege of enjoying the lunch buffet, fittingly dubbed "Nirvana" buffet by the staff. I tried almost everything offered with the buffet and loved each item.  I WILL be back.
Medium spicy turned out to be the most bland Indian food ever - at least for an Indian palate.
Surprising good for an inexpensive lunch buffet (was $10.50 before taxes and tips). Food choice was limited but tasty. They cook your bread to order (included) and my buttered naan was appropriately fresh, hot, a soft and tasty. Soup, salads, entrees and dessert were all quite good and it's no surprise I guess that a good part of the crowds were Indians! I ordered a masala chai (supplement) that was also very nice.
This review is for the buffet only. Unbelievable! Everything is high quality and consistently amazing! Stylish dcor, fantastic friendly service. All the entrees are labeled so vegans and vegetarians know what's up. I'm addicted to this place Best Indian buffet in town! I wish they would open up one on the west side. It would be packed!
When I first moved to Vegas I was skeptical about finding as good of a Himalayan/Indian restaurant as I had back home...then I found the Mint Indian Bistro. It was DELICIOUS. The food is hearty and flavorful while the wait staff is kind and giving. The atmosphere was cozy, I felt like I could eat, curl up and go to sleep :) I will keep coming back to this restaurant! Don't change!
A new favorite, Mint delivered with a great beer list, extensive menu and delicious food,  This is another almost hidden gem and feels worlds away from the overpriced hotel restaurants,  Our group of four loved the samosa, saag paneer, butter chicken and shrimp curry,  The menu is very diverse and next time I will be more adventurous,  The buttered garlic Naan was awesome.
I took my father here for a buffet lunch; it was his first time ever eating Indian.  The atmosphere is quiet and clean.  To be honest, I felt like this buffet equally represented cuisines from all over the continent of India.  I preferred the vegetarian dishes and rather enjoyed them and my father took a special liking to their goat curry.  Their goat is very tender and has a light gamy flavor but was seasoned well.  The vegetable korma and Pav Bhaji were excellent!!!  I would highly recommend this place if you wan't great Indian at prices half of what you would expect to pay at Tamba on the Strip.
We went for a sit down dinner, and I was completely satisfied with my experience. Ordered the malai kofta and the chicken tikka masala which both tasted very good. The naan was also very good, maybe a little fluffier in shape as opposed to flat like I am used to, but delicious. This is the best indian food I have had in town so far. Also, the interior of the place is beatiful, lit romantically and well decorated. I will go back for the lunch buffet next time. The service was good and we did not have to wait long to get our food. Dinner portions might be small to some people, i thought it was plenty of food though.
met up with a friend for lunch. its been a while since ive been here but the buffet is still really good. 

$11 or $12, i dont remember.

they had mint chutney! very good stuff. not spicy though. 
they had an interesting basmati rice with cashews, dried cranberries, and other stuff. it was pretty good. never had anything like that before.
all of their curries were excellent. i really liked the mutton on bone the most. 
the tandoori chicken was a little dry, but it usually is. lunch had just started so everything was fresh.

last time i ate here i dunno if i ate too much but i had really bad food coma. this time i had 3 plates but feel good.

maybe its the waiters thick indian accent that makes the food taste better at mint, but this place is definitely one of the better places to get inidian food in town. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tNwXReoaCKQ
My husband I were craving Indian food and we decided to try out this spot. We ate at the AYCE for lunch and it was ok. The food tasted like it had been sitting out for a while...but we were there at 2:00pm. I felt like most other Indian places have more of a variety for their AYCE than this one. Like I said, the food was ok...but there are other restaurants in Vegas that are much better.
My recent discovery and my recent all time favorite Indian lunch buffet for only $11.99. This place is a bit small, you have to come early or wait in line. During summer months they have patio dining that relieves over crowding. The value and the quality of food is excellent. You even get a choice of naan. There are a varieties of vegetarian dishes, and a handful of meat dishes including lamb or goat and of course the usual chicken curries and chicken tandorii. Dessert is also included.
Mint is my go-to place for Indian food in town. The food is great and the menu is massive, and it notes healthy, vegetarian, and vegan options as well. They also have a long menu for drinks, both alcoholic and not. The restaurant can get fairly busy, so calling ahead for a reservation or a wait time is a good idea. Try the pistachio kulfi (or four) for dessert!
Lots of organic, gluten free, and or vegan options with food and drink. Very good service, nice atmosphere and decent location and prices. Went for a late lunch... Definitely reccommended, but don't do what my friend did and eat stuff off of their inferno challenges where you eat ghost pepper and habeneros infused food in order to get on their wall of fame. It ruined his whole night...
Food was great and love how easy the menu is for vegetarian/ vegans- Amazing!
Love the gluten free designations on the lunch buffet.  Pleasant, friendly and competent service, too.  Highly recommended as a close to UNLV and DRI lunch location.  And it appears widely approved of by the Indian community in town, too.  But be warned, it's tiny.  And most tables are booths, so if you're a 1 top, you're taking up too many seats, if you're 2, you're still a table hog... Best for groups of 3 and 4.
BEWARE, bread they offer is not free (we got tricked into that so dont make the same mistake) 
Service : 4 stars 
Food : 5 stars !!!
Best indian food we've had.  Aahran curry was amazing, & get it with lamb, its so tender ((: 

Anyways I would have given the place a 5 star other than the fact that the guy tricked us into paying for the bread we didn't eat. Made it sound like it came with the meal..
We came here for lunch last Saturday and as the place was packed we had to wait for 20 minutes to get seated. The host tried to push us into sitting outside but most in our group refused and preferred to wait for a table to come up.

Food wise there were standard items that you will find in any other buffet. The taste was very average with surprisingly no dish really standing out. The only worthwhile comment was that the noodles were really Indian style chow-mein that is very common in and around Delhi. They gave us hot bread (naan) at the table without charging more for it, I'm not sure if that is their policy or they just forgot to do that. 

The sweet dish (Gulab Jamun) looked pretty nice but when eaten felt like they were recycled after being left around for a couple of weeks so you can avoid that. The menu on their website mentions lots of options for the sweet dish but the only other item was an empty bowl of mango custard.

Service overall was a little slow considering the amount of rush that was there, and the host (could be the owner not sure) at the door tried to be friendly but ended up being very pushy.

Overall left satisfied but not overly enthused to return again.
Definitely over priced for the quality of the food. 4 people almost $200 only ordered a couple of appetizers and 4 curry dishes..
Strip mall ambience and scarce service during lunch but the food was a huge step up from my low buffet expectations. 

Solid spread of Indian favorites with high quality ingredients. As a chicken snob who eschews chicken lips, ankles, and other  ambiguous poultry parts, I was delighted to enjoy tasty chicken breast in their dishes. The chicken tandoori, traditionally had a mix. Contrary to an earlier post, our naan was noted on the bill but we not charged. We left both full and satisfied. Recommended.
By far the best indian Buffett in US. Hoping to find something similar in Boston..
Like a topless dancer joggling three flaming chainsaws while doing your taxes, this place is awesome. Although it is located in a strip mall, don't let the meek locale deter you from this trying out this delicious Indian gem. 

I went here with my fiancee for lunch as we both were craving Indian and heard it had a buffet going on. Her being a picky eater and me on a see-food diet (I see food, I eat it) I thought a buffet would satisfy both our needs. Although the choice on the buffet might not be as extensive as some casino lines, what they had to offer were all amazing. A case of quality over quantity. You can't go wrong with any dishes. I have tried curries from the east coast and west coast and even in India. This place can easily compete with some of the best curries I've had. (Try the paneer curry! So good. It is cheese btw.)

The wait staff were polite and quick with a fresh basket of garlic or non garlic naan so you can happily wipe your plate clean. Their fruit lassis are suspected, probably made with flavoring liquor.

We came back here a few days for dinner as we couldn't handle cold turkey from this place. Definitely have dinner here. No buffet during dinner unfortunately but food and service is even better.
I absolutely love this restaurant.  They offer so many different healthy choices like vegan and gluten free foods.  Their buffet is the best deal ever! because you try different delicious healthy foods at a very very good price.  The customer service is WOW.  I feel so welcome every time I go there! The restaurant is very clean and cute and all the employees are so nice and genuinely friendly!
Their bread is the best I've had!
Delicious flavorful food and awesome customer service. I also tried a a mango Lassi for the first time and it was so yummy. Definitely will be back here again.
As usual everything was delicious!  We get the watermelon mintini, chicken tika masala, palak paneer, lamb vindaloo, vegatable raita, and the bhatura, (Sp?). Whatever we don't finish we bring home and it tastes even better the next day!
I wonder how these people are making money, probably because their customer base is not Indian. Thus no one knows how real Indian food tastes. The papri chat was insipid, one could only taste yogurt, no seasoning. In fact the papri smelled "old". The entree, malai kofta was overwhelmingly sweet. The koftas barely had any paneer or what is known as cottage cheese, which it is supposed to have. The "rotis" or flatbread were burnt, we could barely bite into it. Rather we had to pull it apart.
 These people don't seem to care their customers either. We kept waiting for someone to come and take our order. 
We were very disappointed with their food and service. The only thing that was good was the papad served at the very beginning. These people seriously need to taste their own food and then change their cook. Doesn't seem like the owners know the taste of the food that comes put of their restaurant's kitchen. 
  I am going for 1/5 only because I need to rate them.
I've only gone for the lunch buffet. Every time we've gone, it has been ridiculously crowded. The restaurant is small, and the tables and chairs are so close together. The food is good, but I prefer other buffets. Someday I will try their dinner menu to compare.
I love Lal Mohan, I love Lal Mohan, I would start and finish with those during lunch buffet. so gooooooood!!!! for dinner you have to prix fixe it for sure so you can get everything. and if you like spicy ask for so of there inferno spice on the side. if you can stand heat like me you can get a $50 gift card by eating their Inferno Curry $20 about 14oz. I would do it but i don't want to rob them, I like them too much. =)
Finally, Indian food at its most complex and satisfying...and good value, fun vibe, good service.
Normally I hate buffets, but I am going to eat here regularly. They are constantly bringing out fresh food so the food hasn't been sitting there long. It was very tasty and the price was very fair. I am a local, but my European friends showed me this little gem . As vegas tourists for ten years they seem to have found all the best places.
The restaurant has a wonderful ambiance, and great service. We had the Vegetarian Gluten-free Prix Fixe. Delish.
What a shocking surprise this place was! A wonderful treat! We were visiting the museum across the street, got hungry, and thought we would just walk to the strip mall across the way and grab some lunch there. We couldn't even see this place at first, but once we hit the parking lot, we noticed the sign and decided to go in.

We were there for lunch, which, as others have noted, is a buffet. And, as someone who eats and cooks a LOT of Indian food, I have to say the buffet was super-generous in terms of options and quality. They even had a bin of full-sized idli, which you never / seldom get on the buffet line.

Food was MUCH better than average. The naan was excellent. And, the selections were original and refreshing.

The service seems meek -- almost like the waitstaff is afraid to talk to you. And, the table service needed to complement the buffet is a bit slow. (Of the two things we needed from the waitstaff, the staff got both items wrong. No biggee, but still noteworthy.)

We did have a table of some foul-mouthed young men near us who were talking disrespectfully of women. I might have liked it if management had taken care of that for us, but, eventually they did leave.
Outstanding lunch buffet. One of the best in the city.  Great selection, always clean and immediate seating.
Great food!
This place is amazing.
Tasty; affordable (which is rare for Vegas); cool decor; and excellent customer service.
Coming from San Francisco where there is many top notch Indian restaurants this place definitely meets those standards. 

They have a really nice lunch buffet from 11:30-3pm. Great naan and excellent service.

Definitely the place when I'm in town! Great work.
Everything about this place is on point. Every time I come here, either with my fiance or friends, I feel like I am treated like royalty without it being overbearing. Staff is very friendly , interactive, and professional. 

Food is incredible, I always get a different dish to try since everything tastes like an explosion of flavor in your mouth. Garlic Naan (get with butter, well worth it) is a MUST. Delicious. Could eat this for my meal.

Also, a nice little plus for you spicy food eaters out there---When you first open your menu, there is an entire page dedicated to "inferno" courses. I don't know if you have ever had a ghost chili or not, but these meals consist of that and habeneros. On a scale of 1-10 in spicy, most of them are 30s-50. There is an inferno curry that gets you a fifty dollar gift card and a picture on the wall if you successfully eat the entire meal. (after you sign a waiver of course). I haven't had the pleasure, but the inferno kabobs had my mouth pleasantly on fire. 

Love this place!
Delicious food. Nice environment. Friendly staff. Just a little pricey then most Indian food

Delicious food. Nice environment. Friendly staff. Just a little pricey then most Indian food
Very busy...make reservations
This was our second trip to the Bistro for their gluten free menu. Service and prices were good. It was a little more spicy this time and we said we wanted it at a 3 to 4 with a 10 being the hottest. Would hate to see what a 10 would be. I know this is subjective, but just be prepared. Also, the Bistro was filled with Indians with only one other Caucasian couple -- I think that is huge compliment to how good and authentic the food is. I highly suggest the Bistro.
Wow... this place is awesome! Went here with a friend and had the tasting pre-fix dinner we couldnt even finish it! And for $40 bucks not bad at all!! came with appetizer and desert, cant beat it!.
Best Indian restaurant In the Las Vegas 
We were on vacation and did not knew where to eat ready review online and went there we were their everyday while we were In Las Vegas all I have to say is 5 star restaurant also the owner came to our table and made sure everything was ok. Thank you guys for good food away from home.
Nice location, nice decor ( very modern and straight) and amazing food ( we had the indian dinner for 2 - which was enough for the three of us). Attentative service, never had to run on empty.
Authentic Indian and Nepalese food, relaxed atmosphere, friendly and good humored staff - a complete delight!
Stopped in last Friday for the lunch buffet. I'm not very familiar with Indian food though I've always wanted to try it and this place had a good Yelp rating so that's how we ended up there. The food was very good, once I determined what everything was and tried several small portions. The servers were quick to refill our water (we had a large party) and the restaurant seemed very clean.
Not sure where to start with this place

Here are some things to note:

- The wait situation was way out of hand when we got there.  We got an empty promise of 15-20 mins when we actually waited 40 mins
- The manager was rude
- Service overall was bland like the food

I would give my money to India Palace any day.  That place is the real deal.
Mint was delicious. The service was prompt and attentive. The mango lassis were thick and tasty.

The neighborhood around the strip mall is a little rough (we had to run the beggar gauntlet on our way in) but once you're inside it is one of the nicest Indian restaurants we've been too. Do not miss the chance to get away from the casinos for a real meal. If you enjoy Indian food you will not be disappointed.
This place has the best food that I have tasted in a long time. I love spices and the combinations are the best from 1-10 let's me decide depending on my taste buds. My fav on the menu is the Andhra Curry with shrimp. Every time I visit Vegas...this is one of my stops before returning home.
I've just turned Vegan and I am still figuring out what to eat. A friend and I split the Vegan Prix-Fixe dinner. It was just wonderful. I never knew eating Vegan could be this good. I look forward to my next visit to Las Vegas. I will definitely come back to Mint Indian Bistro.
THis place is the best Indian food I've had in all of Vegas.

Except it being super cold in there, everything else was perfect.

THey actually make the food spicy here.

We ordered samosas as an app. The tamarind chutney was the best I've ever had.
For dinner, I got the chicken tikka masala at level 8 HOT! and the hubbs got a veggie khorma at a level 7...also supper hot!

the raita (yogurt) was a smaller order than I would've liked but it was really good.
Was looking for a lunch place near the National Atomic Testing Museum and up popped Mint on Yelp. Good choice.  The lunch buffet at $11 was more than we are used to paying but there were more and more-varied selections.  Everything was good but be warned, a lot of things were HOT!  (Even the saag was hotter than the chicken vindaloo!)  They have a large selection of beers and wine, including organic choices, and lassi cocktails.  The bill for 2 buffets and 2 glasses of Loma Larga chardonnay came to $50.  I wouldn't make a special trip here if we return to Las Vegas but I can recommend it if you are in the area and have a hankering for Indian.
Parking is very limited. I would recommend car pooling if you are coming with a group. The inside is very quaint. They even have a cute little patio.
I went during the lunch buffet and it was pretty good. 

I may be butchering the name of this because my phone autocorrected to Andrea and now I can't remember what it was called, but the Ankur? chicken curry was amazing. Chicken literally melted in my mouth. The flavor was perfect. By far my favorite item. The chicken chili was also pretty good. Pieces of chicken made with chopped up chunks of red and green bell peppers. Reminded me of chicken Jalfrezi.
Chicken Tikka Masala was a different color than I've normally seen. It was ok but I think I had a hard time getting past the way it looked. I just couldn't' eat it. I prefer mine to be more consistently creamy and a little darker in color. This one was almost the color of salmon.

The Chicken Ttandoori was as good as I've ever had before, definitely worth it. 
I didn't see Raita on the buffet line. I probably could have asked for it, but they were really busy and I didn't want to be a bother. 

I guess I was really thirsty because I finished my first glass of water quickly, instead of refilling it the server set a carafe of water on my table. Now that I think of it, he never asked me what I wanted to drink. Good thing I wanted water because that's what he brought me. 

The Naan could have been better. It seemed to be a little dry or hard. I don't think it was fresh. They were a lot of veggie/vegan options and the ones I tried were pretty good (Potato, Sag Aloo and a few others)

Bathrooms are small, only one stall per sex.
That was a pretty outstanding Indian buffet. I'm not giving it a perfect five because it was a tad expensive and the quality of the chicken could've been better. The soups were superb. Nice attentive service is well. Garlic naan was a good choice, nice flavor.
One of the indian restro in Vegas.. Authentic food... Simply love its aaloo tikki chat, paneer tikka and chhole. A bit higher on price as most of main course dishes cost at least 12 bucks. But trust me its worth. Quite near to the strip and airport as well, thats an added point. They also have inferno dished if anyone is looking for. In short if you want quick authentic indian food, this is the place.
First Indian good experience , came recommended, was very good at an affordable price
The food was really good .  Could be little bit better. The paneer tikka masala was less cooked, gulab jamoon was more chewy. My personal favorite was the chili chicken. It was perfect.
Bad food. Raw food. On top of that bad service. Avoid this place unless you are so hungry that you can eat pretty much anything.
It is difficult to find a place to satisfy my girlfriends and I since we have a vegan, a picky eater, and someone who has never tried other ethnic foods besides Mexican and American.  It was pretty pack considering it was late Sunday evening. However, we were able to get a table right away and the food came out fast. They have a huge menu that is also vegan & gluten-free friendly (I guess all Indian food). The menu is well organized and laid out with symbols next to each dish to help the diners that have diet restrictions. Almost every dish can be made into vegan or vegetarian. They also have chicken, tofu, and cheese options. We ordered the onion/cilantra paratha, organic veggie samosas, mighty momos with veggie, chicken tikka masala (Hot level 5-it was not spicy), mixed chef's killer kabob, organic alo gobi masala, monterey jack cheese naan and lastly mango and pistachio kulfi for deserts. Not 1 bad dish. Everything was very good including their chutneys. I do wish they gave more rice since they only gave us 2 small bowls to share between 3 people. They seemed to be reasonbly priced.  Our server, Ronald was great and very helpful. The ambience of the place was nice, too.  It was relaxing and calming. You know it's a good Indian restraunt when it is packed with Indian diners! Overall, we are very happy and can't wait to go back.
First time here, had samosas, vertical vindaloo with boneless lamb, cool raita & a strawberry lassi. Everything was delicious, hot, pleasantly spiced not too spicy, I could have had spicier but not necessary. I also had garlic naan which wasn't crazy good buy delicious nonetheless. I want to come here for the lunch sometime when I'm free, it really is outstanding.
What an amazing culinary experience!  The flavors of the food are vibrant. The spicy noodle soup was amazing with each spoonful better than the last. It's a vegetarian delight.  Huge gluten free menu
The food was really great, and it was cool that they had Vegan options.  The service was ok, but they took forever to seat us even though the restaurant wasn't that crowded and there was only one party ahead of us.
Excellent indian food! Had the tandoori chicken and the saang with lamb. The chicken cooked perfectly. The saang had big chunks of flavorful lamb, not overpoweringly gamey. The garlic naan...awesome! They also have an extensive beer collection. Its a small place and its pretty busy so i recommend making a reservation. We waited about 20 minutes, but it was worth it. This is my go to spot for indian food in Vegas!
A "5" for the Dosa, Lassi's, and the service!  On a separate occasion we took in-laws (from India) for the lunch buffet; they said it was the best they've had in a long time.  I would love to see them offer a Chinese Dosa or Genie Dosa!
One of the best indian restaurants,I have been to. Hopefully they open one up in san jose. Naan was fresh, vegetarian curries are well made and spiced to excellence. I want to give 4.5 for this restaurant.ambience is also very good.I would recommend it to my friends visiting las vegas.
I don't ever go out for Indian food, seeing that I can just make it at home and most of the time restaurants just don't do Indian food any justice. But mint is really true to the Indian flavors. It's just like my grandmothers homemade food. Really enjoy their lunch buffet. But lunch is always busy so be patient!! I didn't give them 5 stars bc the service isn't great . I had dinner with my
Family there and the service was awful.
The food is awesome!!! Really what I expected.... Nice ambiance too!!!
We ordered for different fried rice, and all items were too good!!! Best restaurant for indian food!!!
Tried Veg dinner for 2 option. Its expensive but Food was good. Sampler has 4 curries almost all are good. Dal is average. Overall food is good and service is good.
OH MINT HOW I LOVE YOU!!!

Best service and best food!

My husband and I have been going here since we first started dating and now our two kids even love it!

Forever a Mint lover!
Finding Mint Indian Bistro is like finding an oasis in the desert. Where the oasis would be a really good Indian restaurant and the desert, well, is Las Vegas. My experiences are based on dinner and not the lunch buffet. Their staff is very accommodating here and are experienced in dealing with large families and groups with small children. On busy evenings, you can flag down any of their waitstaff for assistance. I've never made a reservation here and have not waited more than 15 minutes during my last few visits. 

I love the extensive and almost daunting menu filled with northern and southern Indian dishes. We usually start off with some samosas and the Bhel Puri, which is an Indian snack food made of puffed rice. I always have to get garlic naan with my meals. The naan is an Indian flat bread that's served hot out of the oven and has a wonderful texture. The bread is great for sopping up the sweet curry sauce of their Tikka Masala. Another dish to try is the smoky and aromatic lamb dish called Rogan Josh. If you're adventurous, they have plenty of other delicious dishes to choose from and also serve vegetarian fare.
We went there for dinner. We ordered idli, chana masala, chicken curry and man, they were all bad. The food is expensive in general and for the food they serve, the prices are outrageous.
I'm from Arizona and I thought I knew good Indian food until I went to mint. Oh my goodness this place was so great! First walking in, the ambiance was quaint and comfortable. The servers were very friendly. I have a gluten free/vegan diet and i was surprised how many vegan and organic options they have on the menu. The food was incredible I couldn't believe it was vegan! Definitely going to dine here again. GreAt experience.
Really good food and very reasonable prices.
I'll be back :)
Awesome food.. Andhra chicken and chicken chilly was very good.... I desert Mango Custard and Gulab Jamun were good. They served hot naan, nana were soft and very good.... I didnt tried anything in Veg, but friends liked vegetarian too...
Fantastic Indian food. I tried the minced chicken uttapam. Really well made and fills you up pretty well.

The ambience is fantastic and the service is courteous too.
I think this is one of the greatest Indian restaurants in Vegas. I end up eating here all three dinners while we were in Vegas. This place has extensive menu. Most Indian restaurants I have been to, with extensive menu items are not so great. Once, we ordered lamb chops, fried idli, biryani, chicken kadai, different types of parathas, various lassis, vegetarian grill stuff, etc. We didn't leave a peace :). We just liked all the items. Last but not the least, the staff are also courteous.
Don't come here alone, there's no seating and they won't give up a booth for one person.
I would never recommend this place to whoever is looking for authentic Indian food , it's not at all close to traditional Indian taste n palette! We went after checking a few reviews but as they say "don't judge a book by its cover" was so true !!! 

We tried Mumbai pav bhaji and the only way to describe it was "urghhhh" what did I order !!! Folks from Mumbai will be thoroughly disappointed. The only thing I would recommend n give 3 stars was the bhindi kurkure or okra fritters they were good.

So my friends after a long drive to Vegas if u r looking to relax the evening with a good Indian dinner don't go this way :(
Great off-strip choice that is allergen-friendly. All the options on the buffet are clearly labeled and so many choices are both gluten & dairy free. Gf breads only available for dinner buffet but no shortage of carbs. Discounted prices for the kids are much  appreciated. I like the blend of both north and South Indian choices. I've been to Indian 3 times and this food is fabulous. The restaurant full of Indians seem to agree. Will definitely eat here again next time I'm in Vegas!
We love this place. Every time we have gone the food and service have been amazing. You can pretty much choose anything on the menu and be assured that's its good. We enjoy taking out of town guests here.
Of all the Indian food places in Vegas,  this is my favorite. My wife and I came in for the buffet and it was excellent. 

The food is mildly spiced just the way I like.  There are a strong variety of Indian dishes to choose from. The tikka masala was delicious. I enjoyed the veggie khurma also. 

We have been disappointed several times with indian food places in Vegas. This is is a must try. 


Would recommend to my friends.
Stopped in for the lunch buffet after a morning of golf, on the recommendation of some of my Indian coworkers.  What a great find!  The food was reasonably priced and tasted great!  A little spicier than most of the Indian restaurants I've been to, but that doesn't bother me.  The buffet was pretty big - I really like the chicken korma and tika masala, and the galob jamon for dessert was everything I hoped it would be!  We had a mango lassi, and a cherry lassi for the first time ever - both were really good.  Can't wait to go back and order off the regular menu!
Came here for the lunch buffet.  I do not know if the food here would be considered authentic, but I think the food is delicious and I was not disappointed at all. I would recommend this place.
Very good Indian food.  Nann was thin and delicious.  Might just be my favorite Indian restaurant.
It's been a while since I've treated my inner Indian, so I tried this based on yelp reviews. I was not disappointed. Ordered an appetizer of samosas. They were not quite as crispy and bursting with flavor as the ones I remember from my early years In South Africa, but would definitely have them again.
Ordered the lamb Karma Korma for the entree. I asked for the mild spice, since i don't normally like the really hot dishes, but I probably could have gone with the medium spice. Flavors were well blended with a hint of sweetness. Accompanied it with a side of garlic naan, perfect for mopping up the left over sauce.
I'll definitely come back again when I'm in town.
this is an update from my last review...the dine in buffet at after noon is good..
Been several times for the lunch buffet. Staff is helpful and friendly in pointing out vegan options. Very tasty, if even a bit greasy and salty. The $4.95 one tea-bag tea is a bit pricey though. I'll stick with the buffet option from now on. 
What's up with the staff asking for my phone # and e addy simply to place me in the que for a table? 
It's quite a nice restaurant though, especially considering the strip-mall it's in is not so hot.
I've been craving Indian curry for the longest! and Mint always satisfies my "fix". 
Service:
our waiter was patient and answered every question I had. refilled our drinks in a timely manner. Offered rice when I was running low. He was awesome. 
Food:
We ordered chicken tandoori, lamb korma, garlic naan and lamb samosa. Chicken was cooked perfect, succulent white and flavorful. Korma was so good that I took a piece of bread to scrape off the last drop. garlic naan..who doesn't like garlic bread? The samosa was ok. Nothing to rave about but still completes the experience. 

I can't wait to try their lunch buffet. if your on the east side of town..come check this place out!
Told fianc I been wanting Indian food for a while! We decided to head this way after the gym considering it was just down the street!

Service was great! At no time did they try to
rush us and was helpful & patient when we were deciding on what to order. Refilling our waters and even offering more basmati rice when we were out.

As far as food, we ordered Lamb Samosas to start with, a bit dry and needed some type of sauce but still good. Our entrees were Chicken Breast Tandoori for me and Lamb Korma for my date. We also ordered their infamous Garlic Naan! I love anything on a sizzling plate! The chicken was moist and tender! My dish was not spicy at all, which is a plus for me because I can't handle TOOO spicy! Paired perfectly with the basmati rice and I even made a little sandwich bite with the Naan, grilled onions, cut the chicken up and topped with yogurt sauce! DELISH! 

The Korma was a "7" and I guess it wasn't too spicy either but he likes spice so \_()_/ , he said he might go "10" next time. They also have an inferno menu where you have to sign waivers! I wonder how serious that is! Lol

Overall a great experience! Wish we had room for dessert! Until next time...
Yum!!! definitely one of my favorite places to grab a quick lunch. Super close to UNLV and the strip, very accessible. They usually have a lunch buffet which is a great price and if you are a UNLV student you'll get like a 10% discount as well. The food is delicious and their is a large variety of items in their buffet. They of course serve naan as well, my personal favorite is the garlic naan because who doesn't love garlic?!

Each time I have came they have always been super attentive and great with customer service as well. Love their bone in goat curry, paneer (actually any paneer dish!) tiki masala, and you gotta get  a lassi drink, especially if it's your first time at an indian place. Definitely a good choice if you're in the neighborhood!
Over priced food that isn't worth the hype. 

We ordered the variety platter for two that included appetizers and dessert because we wanted to try as much food as possible.  Their  tandoori chicken is really good, but nothing else was impressive. 

Our search for the best Indian restaurant in Las Vegas continues!
my boyfriend surprised me on valentines day and took me to this restaurant. it's been awhile since i had indian food and so far this is one of my favorites. i haven't try their kabobs but the curry's are to die for! i will definitely come and dine here again. The servers were so nice!
Really delicious Indian food and good service.  Some of the best saag I've had in a while and chicken tikka masala had a rich hearty sauce.  Will definitely go back.
I haven't had Indian food this good since I left Chennai, India. Everything was amazing from the naan bread to the spicy chicken; even the Indian beer! I highly recommend this place.
The food was great and the service was also.  It's a small and unique feeling atmosphere at the Mint Indian Bistro especially when the place is full, which seems to be most of the time.  It might be because the food almost takes you to India with the wonderful smell of curry, garlic naan and tikka masala in the air.  We had a special Valentine's dinner at the Mint Indian Bistro and will definitely dine there again. Maybe we'll bring friends, but if we all start doing that the secret will get out and you'll never get a table. I recommend you try this jewel of a spot and predict you'll be hooked too.
My husband and I had no idea what to expect!  We are not familiar with Indian food but the menu and the reviews were super enticing.   For a person with lots of good restrictions this place is a GEM!!! The staff is so helpful and knowledgable of all their food!  Our meal was delicious, can't wait to try more on their Massive menu!
My wife and I have been wanting to try a new indian place for a while now, and omg are we happy we chose Mint.  Everything was beyond delicious (seriously there are no words).   I ate until it hurt and it was worth it.  Counting the days until we can go back.
This place has good indian buffet. My all time favorite when ever I am in Vegas. 
I am an Indian. Love the food here, homemade fresh.
Woooo! 400th reviewer! 

I've been here twice now - the first time for dinner and the second time for the lunch buffet. I'll just go over the overall points.

Generally good service. Sometimes the waiters are awkward and there was one young fellow in particular who looked like he hated his job. Everyone is knowledgeable in the food and readily answers questions though, which is great for me because I barely know anything about Indian food.

The food is bomb and I'm seriously craving it right now. One time, the chicken in the chicken Marsala was dry though, so that was strange. But overall, everything is seasoned to how I like it (a rare occurrence) and I was delightfully surprised by the mango yogurt! So good.

Outside of the lunch buffet, it's a little overpriced but you get a good amount of food made with quality ingredients and care. I like that they label things in categories like vegan or gluten-free. Very helpful for those who have limited diets.

My favorite was probably this lamb dish during the lunch buffet which I cannot remember but I assure you, it was awesome. I love the garlic naan, which I wish came in some heated basket (in my dreams) because it gets cold so fast! Tastes so much better warm.

Great location by UNLV and I'm trying to get a group to eat lunch there with me right now!
At the end of a long day the 5 of us who all love Indian food decided that's what we wanted. We waited the 30 minutes they told us it would take for our take out and the food was exceptional. I esp like the option of hot spice in a 1-10 scale. Nice folks too.
If I could give more than 5 stars I certainly would! Indian good is absolutely one of my favorite cuisines, and The Mint is most definitely the best in Vegas. I have dined at nearly all the Indian restaurants around town and as a Concierge it is my job to know the best places to dine in the city. I always refer my guests here for the authentic amazing food and genuine service. I can't wait until my next dining experience! If you like to try new things I highly recommend one of the tasting experiences you will not be disappointed!
I probably wouldn't have ever ventured out to Mint if it weren't for my Vegan friends but I'm glad that I did!

I have no concerns when it comes to food except for my slight lactose intolerance but if you are one of those who are vegetarian, vegan, or have any kind of dietary restrictions, Mint is the spot for you. The first page of the menu explains what every symbol beside each entree means. So if you don't eat meat, dairy, gluten, nuts, and etc ... Mint has you covered. 
(see photo below)

Our orders were taken on an iPad mini where every possible alteration to any dish is already programmed into the app that they use. I believe that they also have an app that you can download on your smart phones to order before coming into the restaurant. Sweet!! 
Nice to see a restaurant seeking out new ways to better service their guests. Not something you see everyday in most restaurants. 

Food was excellent. The vegan tikka masala was great.  
I also tried my friend's potato curry which was good but I am a carnivore so I probably would've enjoyed one of their meat curries a bit more. 

Heard great things about their lunch buffet so I will definitely have to come back for that. Can't wait!
Very nice customer service
I wish we would've just gone to our old standby Tamba which was not even a block from the hotel, but the wife (who NEVER wants to try anything new) wanted to try a new Indian restaurant.  The service was somewhat inattentive.  We had hot supposedly Chai tea, but no one brought out any kind of sweetener until we requested some.  (I should've had a nice cold Taj Mahal beer.)  The food was just fair with the standout being the malai kofta.  The tandoori mixed grill (lamb and swordfish) and saag paneer were pretty bland.  I've had way better food back home in Maryland.  They spoiled me rotten apparently.  Next time we're in Vegas and want Indian we know where NOT to go.
Very good restaurant! We had mostly South Indian food! Food was delicious; service was ok but they were bit crowded n able to accommodate our big group with little time!
My favorite place to eat & as always Ron gives wonderful customer service!!! The Mango masala without nuts due to allergy :) They also carry around a Ipad so that you could see the picture of the food and they will describe the flavors! Oh how I love this place!
Always a great atmosphere. Good greetings and service that you would expect from higher end restaurants. Very well run and the food overall is by far the best Indian I've had ( am from India ) cheers. Try the lamp stir fry with your kingfisher beer. Awesome combo with the spicy lamb and beer
went for lunch buffet - it was just ok. I've definitely had better.

Chicken Tikka Masala was dry (even though it was buried in gravy). 
Pakora was burnt to a crisp.

Fresh garlic naan brought to table was wonderful - so was the Tandoori chicken - juicy and flavorful.
We have been here one other time, but we think it was even better this time round.
Took some friends and they loved it as much as we did.  The flavors, the regions, all the fresh and organic ingredients, really made the food outstanding.
Good staff that is helpful in ordering the right combination of dishes.
Delicious and would recommend it highly and priced right.
The lunch buffet has gotten SO good here! Oh my my - a fantastic, large, and well-executed selection of vegetarian and non-veg buffet items. A thicker Tikka Masala curry (both veg and chicken) than their previous recipe. A long row of creative curries. Even Chicken Vindaloo. 

Full disclosure - this was probably my 14th time eating the lunch buffet here and I have never liked it as much as this trip. I actually stopped coming here because I felt there was a lack of selection and no variety (always the same buffet items). The last time I came here was in the Summer of 2013. We were driving by and hungry and a what-the-hell moment ensued. We went to Mint for the first time in almost a year.

Clearly lots has improved, and I am a huge fan. The Mt. Everest Indian restaurant on Sahara has a lot to live up to now (I've eaten at Mt. Everest close to 25-30 times.) Mint is my new favorite Indian lunch buffet spot in Las Vegas, no contest.
I really enjoy their lunch buffet.  Every time I eat here, I leave full and satisfied.  I good place to eat for sure.
If you live or are visiting Vegas this is a must! The food was amazing and well priced.  I was dining with a Vegan and though I don't typically eat vegetarian or Vegan the food was amazing and I couldn't tell the difference. Bold flavors, a foodie paradise! We had the vegan tasting menu all was really good, except the desert, some things just can't be vegan sorry lol
Torn between giving a 3 and a 4 for my score, going to consider it a 3.5 rounded up for quality.

Was craving Indian and saw a bunch of Elites raved about this place, so it made the top of my list despite being further than I wanted to travel. Called in my order for takeout and headed on over. Upon entering, saw that the restaurant itself was a bit nicer and more upscale than I expected. Service was a bit lackluster- waited for a bit at the door before being acknowledged, my boxed food was waiting at a table with a manager-looking guy who brought over my receipt and took my card with a series of gestures, then ran my card and disappeared without a thank you or asking if I needed anything else. 
That probably explains why I didn't get any utensils or napkins, nor did I add on another side or additional naan as I'd originally planned. And there were only two tables seated at 5:30PM so it's not because they were busy.

I found this place to be a bit pricey. 
I like that half-size entrees are available for a slightly-lesser fee, but found that the decrease in pricing (usually around $3) isn't worth the decrease in product. Lesson learned. For three half-size entrees, one container of rice was provided. Also ordered one garlic naan. Total was around $40, which is a bit steep. I always have difficulty paying so high for a la carte indian food when the buffet prices are so cheap for so much. I feel like there's a discrepancy there that should result in lower prices rather than higher, but whatever.

Quality made my entree choices worthwhile: saag paneer, baingan bharta, and lamb korma. The saag was decent but I prefer mine a little saucier, this one was a lot of spinach and good-sized cubes of paneer but the dish seemed as if it hadnt been cooked down long enough. Best eaten with the garlic naan, which was fragrant and delicious.
Baingan bharta was ordered exclusively based on recommendations here on Yelp, and I was not disappointed. It was flavorful and I appreciated that the sauce was on the thicker side, which allowed for it to go well with the rice. 
The lamb korma is the only dish that had any spice to it whatsoever, and it was quite mild despite ordering a 5/10- at Thai restaurants, that'll get you a spicy dish, but I guess Indian is a little more laid back with the scale. I know now for next time. Dish didn't have quite as much lamb as expected for a $10 portion.

Speaking of portions, I was a little confused by the portions and packing of my takeout.
I appreciated that the half-size entree portions were packed in plastic lidded containers and wrapped in plastic to ensure that nothing spilled. But the size of the portions themselves were on the small side- think the smallest hummus containers at the grocery. That size. 

Going to put this on the list to try again for the lunch buffet, thinking that will be a better value and possibly a better overall experience. Good quality, vast menu of options including several vegetarian dishes.
Atmosphere: Modern and clean but also cozy at the same time.
Service: Excellent to the point where the waiter seemed like he was always there. But hey, it's better than trying to flag down waiters.
Food: We got the pre-fixe dinner for 2. There was so much food, it was essentially a dinner for 4! I like the pre-fixe because you can try a little bit of everything without getting a full a la carte sized dish. The dishes here are solid and fresh.
Excellent service and an extensive menu. Great value in all ways.
We like it! Pretty yummy! 
Love their daal makhni & garlic naan! Hmmm...

Quick, buffet style lunch... 

The wait staff is very pleasant and attentive...

We have been dying to come here... Glad we finally did!

Taste buds are pleasantly pleased!

~your constant companion,

Deirdra
As a guru Indian....this is the best Indian food in Vegas.  Don't waste your time going anywhere else
Lunch buffet was great. Not too pricey as well. Freshly prepared garlic naan was great too. Vegetarian options are little bit less but I guess how much one vegetarian can eat... 
It's okay. I Would give three and half stars to this place ( count my four stars as three and half really)
The inferno menu is no joke.  I eat all kinds of spicy food.  I grind my own Trinidad scorpion moruga, ghost, and habanero mix.  I got crushed by the inferno curry. I had to stop halfway through my meal due to a stomach ache from the SEVEN TABLESPOONS of ghost chili powder that they use in the meal. The food tasted delicious and the service was great.
I have become a fan of east Indian food and Mint Indian Bistro did not disappoint.  The goat curry and the eggplant curry were delicious.  They of course had other curries.  The service was excellent.  They could be more friendly, however, they were not "standoffish".  This is a must try in Vegas. Yummy!
During lunch they offer a buffet and have about 8 different entrees ranging from vegetarian to those with meat, gluten free options and a variety of sauces and accompaniments. This is a great way to sample different dishes without having to order the entire restaurant. But, Indian food is not for those with a low tolerance for spicy (hot) food. The fresh naan is wonderful and great for dipping in these flavorful dishes because most entrees do contain a good amount of heat (probably 3-4 On a Thai 1-5 scale). Worth checking out and they open at 11AM which reservations aren't really recommended till after 12PM.
Love this place! The staff is always pleasant and the food is delicious! Being a vegetarian, they have tons of amazing options. I always leave here full and happy.
This was definitely the best Indian food I've had in a long while. Went with some coworkers while at a conference and was impressed with the dish selection, descriptions to aid some of the folks in the group who hadn't had much Indian food, and the helpful service. In a sea of glitz and glamour on the strip, this was a refreshing winner!
The lunch buffet is one of the best Indian lunch buffets I've ever had.  With a great mixture of meat, veg, and vegan dishes so many if them were delicious.  The tandoori chicken was covered in grilled onions and lemon wedges (awesome), the garlic naan was soft, warm, flavorful and the size of a side plate, and the rices were perfectly cooked.  The goat was tasty if you like the flavor of goat.  There was also a dessert called Gulab Jamun which was like donut holes soaked in syrup.  Each bite was like a juicy sweet sex party in my mouth Lol.  The only thing I wished was that the signage for the buffet items was more detailed.  Some of the names meant nothing to me.  I might not've tried the Gulab because I thought it was either a floating fruit or some kind of egg.  Lol.  Try this place, it's great.
If you are looking for the best Indian food in Las Vegas, your search ends here. This is one of the few Indian places that nails it down on quality, taste, service, ambiance and price!

Went here for a weekend lunch buffet. Priced at $12.99/person, it is unbeatable good quality Indian food (you could tell by the sheer number of Indian folks eating here and the long queue of those waiting to get a table). The buffet had a varied collection of items including appetizers, salads, four veg, four non veg curries, rice and dessert. Some top show stoppers were Vegetable Korma, Paneer, Idli Sambar, Veg Pakoras, Bhelpuri and Naan. Food was flavourful, hot and fresh (unlike many places where dishes just keep sitting for long on buffet racks). Each curry tasted authentic, distinct from another and cooked to perfection. Also tried their Masala Tea (not included in the buffet) and it was good.

Service was fast, attentive and friendly and this is despite the rush on a busy Saturday afternoon.  Decor is simple yet pleasing to the eyes.

For those of you, who might be tempted to try many other low priced Indian buffets in town (mostly at $9 or $10), trust me this one might be a little pricey but it is top value for your dollar. This place serves delicious food and has great ambiance & service!

Tip: Lunch hour gets real crowded on Sat & Sun, so ditch the long waiting time (sometimes upto 30-35 mins for a table inside and 20 mins for an outside seating) by making it for an early lunch. Also, if you are not used to having Indian food, this could prove to be a little on the spicy side for you.  

So what could improve? This is for the restaurant owner/ management/ staff:

1. Do away with those paper cup glasses. They look cheap and take away the charm from the entire food experience.
2. Including a drink in the buffet like Tea or Mango Lassi can help you beat the competition that comes at a similar price.
After spending a week in Vegas on the strip, a few of us wanted to unwind with a more flavoured meal in quieter surroundings. We could not have picked a better place - the decor is fine, and it is a very relaxing environment - a far cry from the hustle and bustle of the strip. 

We started with popadoms and samosa chat. For the mains we had goat biryani, makhni daal, karahi chicken and garlic naan. It was all very well prepared and presented. The 'hot' dishes were a bit mild for my taste, but after a week of eating at the hotels, it really was a joyous dinner. 

The service was absolutely top notch and waiters made sure we were looked after without being over-imposing. 

All in all a great place to go and eat when in Vegas if you're looking for great food and the opportunity to unwind.
Food was tasty. They had a good buffet. I liked the mango custard too!
Went twice for lunch buffet.Food was okay.idly was not good.liked curd and mango custard
Easily the best Indian place in Vegas. Amazing dishes and killer naan! The friendly service here is always a welcome bonus. Try anything here... you'll love it.
I came here around 8:30 on a Saturday night and was surprised at how busy it was. Every table was full or had reservations except for one table outside and a small two person table top inside. My friend and I chose the small table top inside because the outside area didn't look too appetizing.

I ordered the pakoda as an appetizer for the first time, I usually order the samosas even though I am not a huge fan. The pakoda was fried and had a nice flavor but I didn't taste much Indian spice. 

I also ordered the chicken tikka masala, malai kofta, garlic naan, and mango lassi. All of the curries were solid, my only complaint is that everything came out luke warm except for the garlic naan. The garlic naan came out piping hot and I had to wait a while until I was able to tear it because it was not cut. Mango lassi was one of the best I have had and even though I was full I drank all of it.

Best Indian I have tried in Vegas but portions are kind of small for the price point.
I've been to Mint 8 times about half the time for lunch buffet and half for dinner.  Tonight, we stopped for dinner to try their new menu.  NOTE:  They have many new items on the menu and they continue to have their original items.

The first page of the new menu is the Inferno menu.  All dishes on this page are made with ghost peppers.  You have to sign a waiver before eating from this menu our server RS told us.  There's one challenge that if you finish, you get your photo on their Wall of Fame and you get a $50 Mint gift card for future use.  I don't think it's accepted by any hospitals.  (Michael K, this might be something you'd want to try!)

In addition, the new menu has soups and salads and appetizers of various kinds.  There are so many things to try it seems like a good UYE with 5 or 6 people to share the items.

For tonight, I chose the Vertical Vindaloo with lamb.  The menu change also allows you to order vindaloo and choose the protein you want--cheese, lamb, veggies, goat (bone in), swordfish, shrimp--and you choose your spiciness from 1 to 10.  I chose 
7 and I could have had more spice.  8 or 9 next time.  My wife ordered the Maharaja Tikka Masala with chicken breast (again choice of protein similar to the vindaloo).  She chose a spiciness of 3.  We also got an order of buttered garlic naan.

Everything was excellent!  The vindaloo had good spicy flavor and the sauce was very flavorful.  There were cut potatoes in the sauce, too.  My wife enjoyed her dinner and she also expressed that it could be spicier.  Wow, are we going to 4 or 5 next time?  What happened to my gabacha?  The naan was the tastiest we've had here.  It wasn't quartered like other times but served in one large round that we tore apart.

After dinner, she got khir and I pistachio kulfi.  I've had the khir before and while good, I wanted to try something different.  The pistachio ice cream was really, really good.  
I asked RS if it was made in house or could I go to the Indian store and get it out of the freezer.  Sure enough, it's made in house.  There goes that idea for a repeat.

RS was quite a pleasant server!  He refilled my iced tea when I was getting low and he gave us chance to look over the menu with no hurry and then was ready to answer any questions.

I have a couple of other Indian restaurants to try, but for me, either for lunch buffet or dinner, Mint tops all the others.  It is very good!
Best indian Indian food in all of Vegas if not anywhere!  Incredible beer selection and staff is on it. Good prices for great food.
Currently sitting here in Mint writing this review.  We organized a group to come and try the inferno challenge.  We arrived at 2pm so the non challengers could have the buffet and when the dinner menu started at 3pm the challenge could take place.  On arrival we told the staff our plans.  40 mins after arrival they inform us they don't have the ingredients for the challenge.  So wasted trip for us.  No retribution offered, just told to call them in a week to see if they have it again .
The buffet is great! Lamb korma and chicken tikka masala are my faves and it is included in the lunch buffet! The interior of the place makes you feel like you're in a fine dining restaurant. Prices were reasonable. I will be coming back"
This is the best Indian food in Las Vegas.. Hands down.   I travel all of the world and I'm careful saying something is good versus the best.   If your used to eating trash Indian food.. You won't like this place.   This is real Indian food.   You can am as judge an Indian restaurant by the number of Indians that come here as guests.   Every time I come here there are Indian families here.  The best part about it.. It's off the strip only 5-10 mins and most people are locals.   I have been coming here for years and seen these guy seen these guys grow.   They have  a huge beer list
(exotic) beer.. Gluten free options.   Wife is gluten free so this place always is a must.   They are a hard working family that waits on every table regardless of who your server is.    I've eaten here about 20 times as its always consist.   They will also click a taxi for you that can get there in about 5-10 mins so no worries coming back.   If you have 4 or more... Plan on reservations.
I went to Mint on a recent trip to Vegas.  I had been there during my last trip and was so happy with their food that I decided to go back there. It was a wise decision!!! :D
My family and I had 2 meals there during this trip.  
The first was lunch buffet.  They have so many dishes in the buffet and all of them taste excellent.  The idli was super fluffy and the coconut chutney tasted great.  Pakoda was super crispy and was made with all kinds of vegetables. Chilli chicken was supremely tasty.  Came back very satisfied, happy and ready to gamble some more! ;)
The second time we went for dinner and again we were not disappointed.  We had fried okra - crispy fried okra chips.  I had never eaten this before and thoroughly enjoyed it.  The food we ordered was really good (roti, mushroom mutter(served with rice), and idli sambar).  The waiter serving us was super nice and accommodated our change request after we had placed our order.  
Excellent customer service topped over excellent food is a great combination !!  Will definitely go there again on my next trip to Vegas!
The atmosphere of the restaurant was a little strange at first. As soon as we walked in, the staff seemed a bit surprised to see us. They were friendly and courteous, but I got this "uh oh" vibe.

Once we were seated and started looking over the menu, things settled into a "ahh" vibe.

Looking through a menu for food that I'm not super familiar with can be a bit daunting, but I went with what I know about Indian food. Majaraja tikka masala, vindaloo, naan, saag and rice. Can't go wrong!

We were given an appetizer on the house - I forget what it's called and forgive my ignorance but they were like super thin taco shells with a mint sauce and chutney. Really great. We enjoyed them, then the main dishes arrived.

Everything tasted AWESOME. Their tikka masala is a bit more tangy than I am used to, but it was delicious. Vindaloo was spicy (level 3) in a good way, not a burn on the way out way. We were devouring our food... 

Nearby patrons were ordering lassi drinks but I was afraid that combo of lassi and curries would lock me up in the bathroom for too long.

I'm really happy with our experience here and would definitely visit again during a long-term Vegas stay.
I went here to meet up some friends for late lunch and surprisingly, there was still a wait at 1:45pm. They have an iPad by the door so you can put your name down and the number of people in your party. I waited 10 minutes which isn't bad.

We came here for the lunch buffet since I've been hearing good things. Our naan took a rather long time but at least they gave us unlimited garlic naan. 

There's another Indian restaurant a few miles away from here that also has a lunch buffet but that place turned me off when they kept giving me excuses as to why they can't give me garlic naan (i.e. "We ran out of garlic" when there's a supermarket right behind them). This place is in a better location and looks nicer and cleaner. The service is better too. For less than $15 for a buffet, you can't go wrong.

I liked that there's a good variety of dishes for their lunch buffet: tikka masala, palak paneer, tofu, veggies, spicy chicken, curry and other savory dishes. Their gulab jamun was just right - hot, sweet and cheesy balls. Yum! The food was excellent. Hooray for huge chunks of chicken! The sauces were spot on. There was this mystery dish that we all tried without reading the label - was it cheese or was it tofu? It was the texture of cubed mozzarella without the stomach ache-inducing property of cheese on somebody who's lactose intolerant. So, it probably was tofu.

I'll definitely come back again and again.
The staff was awesome, they seated us in minutes even thought we didn't have a reservation. The food was as usual amazing. I would come back again. I loved the mango lassi, and the pineapple curry. My husband had the  chicken saag and was very very happy.
Sitting at the Mint, ordered 3 different wines and they were out of all 3 of them. My friend had decided to get Ras malai as soon as she saw it on the menu and come to find out the didn't have any. Why list them on the menu if you don't plan to carry or serve this food. Moreover, we asked for not too spicy food and one of our curry was really spicy. The service was good, food when not spicy was as good as other indian restaurant in the area, and the decor is very bland. Maybe i went here on their off day so gave them 3 stars, may return to see if things have improved, otherwise there are better choices out there for Indian food.
I tried Mint for the first time today. Walking in I was immediately bombarded with wonderful smells. We were greeted at the door by a friendly host who turned out to be our server. He was friendly, prompt, and attended to our table often, but not often enough to be annoying or pushy. 
We ordered the prefix vegetarian meal for 2 (spicy level 5) and the Andrha Curry (spicy level 8). We were three people but had enough for 4 or 5. The appetizer soup was excellent, the naan was fresh, and all the dishes were excellent. 

Food: 10/10
Prices: Reasonable
Ambience/Environment: Casual, but could be great for a date or business lunch. 
Service: 10+/10 FANTASTIC

I can't wait to be back!
Bad customer service here and people are super slow.

I asked the waiter to add one more item to our order and he said he doesn't know who our table helper is and simply left - without letting us know whether he added or not.

Secondly, it took an hour to get the order.

Overall super bad experience.
Excellent food! 
I came to Mint Indian Bistro today for the first time since I am staying in Las Vegas. We were seated quickly and got our food. The nan came after some time though. The reason this is 4 stars and not 4 is because there wasn't much variety for someone like me being a vegetarian and not likening very spicy food. But overall excellent food and I would recommend the paneer tikka masala. That was not extremely spicy but still very good.
The lunch buffet was excellent with some items I've never seen at other restaurants. Also, every item was labeled for dietary restrictions: vegetarian, gluten free, etc.
Had the 11.99 lunch buffet and was impressed with the quality and selection of offerings.  Fresh garlic naan was available as was unusual items such as Sambhar and Mixed Pickle.  Love the dishes that combined ginger, coconut and garlic and the Halal offering was just as tasty.  They have a good variety of beer choices too.
Tamba is a delightful Indian restaurant in the Hawaiian Marketplace (http://www.yelp.com/biz/EjqdQTB9ZbWOyEwD9cPutA?hrid=E2wUGRJTYitv5q7wUOzC3A).  With a spacious dining room and exceptionally polite staff, Tamba offers a $11 lunch buffet.  You can get a 10% off coupon from their website or by picking up the free restaurant guide near the entrance.

They claim to be the "Only Indian Restaurant on the Strip."
Located in the Hawaiian Market, this is a hidden gem that many may over look. At first I was a little hesitant to try Indian food, but what better way to try it than with my Indian BF and his entourage of cousins, aunties, uncles and parents? We came here one Saturday evening for dinner and I fell in love with the setting. It's nothing like restaurants you see on the strip. It had a buffet, large lounge love seats with over stuffed pillows and an orange and gold scheme that made you feel like you were in India itself (or so I imagined).
Being with the crowd I was with, it was great because some of them were not too fond of extremely spicy food so we got a lot of mild dishes. You can just tell the staff to make it mild and they will do so. The vegetarian dishes were great. We started off with dishes like the Kurkari Bhindi- okra with brown onions and had chicken tikka for our entree.  The Naan had a great texture for scooping up all the sauce left over. I really enjoyed the dining experience and I think that I owe my love for Indian food to this restaurant.

This is a great for a first timer!!!
We went in a group of 6 for their Saturday lunch buffet. The vegetarian dishes were pretty good- saag paneer, paneer matar, daal, rice, etc. The non veg weren't that good except for the chicken tikka. Idlis tasted like they were microwaved from having prepared them a few days ago. Sambar wasn't too bad. The Gulab jamoon was OK, hard to cut with a spoon. 
Overall, it was OK considering it is one of the very few Indian food options on the strip
I declare this place: The best vegetarian food I've had in Vegas, baby!

Food: They get the spicing right!
Atmosphere: cool-- but more in a San Francisco than Vegas way
Service: attentive and friendly

In Vegas for a convention, and not really that happy with the bazillions of "hotel" restaurant choices (while recognizing that many of them are exceptionally good) and wanting something vegetarian, I looked these guys up and was impressed by their website.

I went alone, as the rest of my compadres were busy at the blackjack tables, or somewhere else doing more "Vegasy" things, and the hostess sat me immediately, gave me a menu, and made sure I received my H20.  

The waiter came, discussed the wine and beer list and suggested a beer-- the name I forget, but it was great.

I ordered the Navrattan Korma, and sort of expected your typical Indian Navrattan Korma, but was pleasantly surprised to receive it with a nice kick-- seriously spiced right!  VERY tasty.   When he first put down the dish I figured I'd eat about half of it, but I polished it off and would have continued eating if there had been more... I've been to Vegas a few times, and have never been all that happy with the food, so it was a real treat to go somewhere this good.

It was truly the best meal I have ever had in Las Vegas.
This is my wife's fav Indian restaurant in Vegas.  I don't share that but the food is decent here.  They do have the best selection of vegetarian stuff for their lunch buffet.  I like the atmosphere much more here than say Gandhi or India Oven too.  I am a stickler for white meat chicken at Indian buffets and they didn't have it here surprise, surprise.  I think India Oven and Gaylord buffets are the only ones that have it.
Indian food for two?  Walking upstairs at the Hawaiian marketplace, you'll be surprised to see this dimly lit restaurant and its ample seating area.  They offer a buffet lunch and dinner a la carte.

It's hard when you want to try a bunch of different stuff when it's just you and the BF.  But Tamba offers a couple of 'feasts' to help satisfy that curiosity!

For $25, the BF got the Ashoka's Feast which comes with:

* Tandoori Chicken "Spring chicken in a mildly spiced ginger yogurt sauce." - It came with two drumsticks and two breasts, a decent amount to start his meal.  There were three dipping sauces - the mint one, a chutney of some sort, and a dark purplish one.  I'm not a particular big fan of tandoori, but the BF ate three pieces of it.

* Lamb Curry "Cubes of lamb cooked with onions, tomatoes, garlic, red chilies, and pickling spices." - It tasted a bit gamey for me, but we did enjoy dipping our nan bread into the sauce.

* Chicken Tikka Masala "Chunks of boneless chicken roasted in the clay oven and then served in a mild curry sauce." - The chicken was white meat, and pretty flavorless.  But the curry sauce was SO good!  I wish I had a bucket of that to dump all over my rice and to smother my nan bread with!  Next time I'll tell them to skip the chicken and give me more of that sauce!

* Kali Dal "Slow cooked black lentils with a medley of spices." The BF thought this would taste just fabulous in a burrito, as in skip the black beans, refried beans, or pinto, and add some black lentils instead.  Pretty tasty stuff and good with the nan bread too.

* Rice - A generous scoop coupled with a few green peas for decoration.  Needed to enjoy all the lovely sauces the meal has to offer.

* Nan "White flour tandoori bread" - A must when eating Indian food.  My preferred choice when soaking up any kind of curries, especially those that come with tikka masalas! 

* Raita - Condiment based on yogurt used as a sauce or dip.  Served chilled and has a cooling effect when eating spicy dishes.  I'm not a big fan of the raita and was only dumping it on the rice 'cuz the BF was doing it.  I can pass on this.  

* Daily Dessert - Two small donut-like holes sitting in a bath of butter and honey.  Oh so sweet and a nice finish after a hearty Indian dinner.

I ordered up the Buddha's Feast for $21 and this is what I got: 

* Vegetable Samosa "Crisp golden brown pastries stuffed with mildly seasoned potatoes and peas." - The order came with two samosas, and two dipping sauces.  The BF was pretty impressed by these, and I'm lucky that I had two to share!

* Malai Kofta "Chunks of cheese tossed in a mild buttery cream sauce." - It came with one chunk of cheese only, which I couldn't even tell was cheese! I thought it was a mixture of chickpeas or something.  The sauce was okay, and good for dipping. 

* Saag Paneer "Spinach with our special cottage cheese cooked in a karahi with house spices." - It came with one piece of cottage cheese, and I think it lacked flavor.  The BF said it had been sitting out too long and this is one of his favorite Indian dishes.

* Kali Dal

* Rice

* Nan

* Raita

* Daily Dessert

The feasts are presented quite nicely on a large platter and it's a decent amount of food.  You definitely get the chance to taste a few different things without breaking the budget or ordering too much food.

The BF also ordered a Mango Lassi that he found a bit too sweet for his liking.  I thought it tasted fine, but was more watery than what I'm used to.

Service was good - our water glasses were filled without asking.  The only complaint was that our main courses came out too quickly after our appetizers.  We had to help the waiter move some dishes around while we were still eating and he was juggling the huge platters.

There's also a back room available for private parties with a more family style seating.

Sidenote: You can get a 50% off coupon/entree at the Tix4Less booth downstairs! Or a 10% coupon from their website.

(Check out the pics of our eating in the business profile!)
I echo some of the other reviewers by saying that this is my favorite Indian restaurant in Vegas. I don't usually like to go to the strip to eat, unless it's a special occasion, but Tamba is worth it. It is very upscale in decor, yet has good ethnic flavor to it as well. Waiters are attentive, but not overly so (which I hate).

The buffet choices are excellent and all food is fresh and warm and tasty! 

The only drawback...it is closed for a couple of hours before dinner time (I belive 5:30PM or so?) I like my dinner early sometimes, and it was a bid of a disappintement.

Overall, recommended. Very clean place.
I ate here once for Valentine's Day dinner. The image I gleaned from their website made it appear to be all plush pillows, flickering candles, and meditating statuettes. 
The internet can be so deceiving. 
First of all, the chic dining area they prominently display on their website, which is (and I quote), "designed as a hipster hangout and features plush seating beneath the striking murals of international artist Farhad Elahi" is their reserved banquet dining room, tucked far away in the backend of the restaurant. Regular parties eat in a much less interesting and unromantic dining space, complete with standard tables and chairs. I suppose the general vim of this spot is acceptable for lunch or a casual dinner, but it was V-Day and I wanted to sit on a sexy red pillow damnit! Exacerbating the ambiance situation was the food situation. Being adventurous- not to mention gluttonous- we pretty much ordered one of everything. The mulagatani soup was an unremarkably flavorless bowl of pepper and water, while the other Pakistani style dishes were just as boring and lacking in flavor and heat. The service sucked, especially considering it was V-Day. This place is in sync with the line of reasoning adopted by its sister restaurants around the valley (Gandhi's and Gaylord's), in that hiking up your prices and offering a wine list somehow makes you less of a mediocre North Indian/Pakistani spot and more of a, and I quote, "hipster hangout." Next please.
Given that we were hella drunk and hella hungry, but the food was awesome.  We got 3-4 appetizers and each of them were good, dont remembr what we got though.  For dinner, we got Bhindi, totally awesome, Daal was great, Malai Kofta was good but a very small helping and we got some chicken.  The food was served in exactly 5-7 minutes after we ordered.  The good is it was before time, the bad is, it was all prepared in advance.  The rotis and the paranthas were very good.  We had Kheer and Gajar Ka Halwa.  I highly recommend this place on the strip.  Food was heavy so we walked to our condo at the Signature next to MGM.
Nothing special..decent seating, good service, nothing extraordinary about the food. It tasted like any average Indian place, but I don't have high expectations from an Indian place in las vegas! 
Would I go there again? Yes
For an 8pm reservation on a Saturday night, I didn't have a problem getting in.

When we got to the restaurant, it was relatively empty.

When we left, there were many more people.

The website is kinda deceiving.  They show the nice lounge area (which is NOT where they seat you for dinner).  The lounge area was nice, but it wasn't open at all when I was there. (and I left at 10pm)

The food was pretty good.  I couldn't believe that the entrees didn't come with Naan or anything.  Everything (Dal, Naan, etc.) had to be ordered a la carte (for an extra charge).  We ordered the Naan and Roti which only came with four pieces each. 

Maybe I'm just used to going to places where the Naan is free and you get it by the basket-load.

I would definitely go back again if I wanted Indian food while in Vegas.

The service was excellent too.  Very attentive and quick.
The best Indian food I've tried so far.  And I've tried a lot, in many different places all over the World.  They use a tandoor oven, so you can find some healthy dishes that taste really great.  Their vegetable dishes are incredible as well!  I love their buffet too, because you can try all the different dishes and figure out what it is that you like.  Everything is labeled so you know what you are getting.  The atmosphere is nice, and the service is great.  Oh, their food is so good...I think I will go there now!
We had a fairly late dinner there and suprisingly found very authentic Indian food - you can really taste the difference in the spices.  Friendly, efficient service.  I vow to try the buffet next time we are back in Vegas.
Tamba was my first Indian food experience.  I went here for the the first time a few months back for dinner, and I would really like to go back again.  It's kind of hidden all the way in the back of the Hawaiian Marketplace, but the  food is really good!  I tried the Murg Biryani, which was a very flavorable chicken & rice dish with nuts and raisins! My favorite part would have to be the raisins...it gave the dish a very surprising sweetness to it!  I also had a sample of my friends' Chicken Korma curry and Tandoori chicken, which were both good as well.  I would love to go back and try more different dishes!
GO for the FOOD, not the ambiance.

We were in Vegas for my sister's wedding (indian), my extended family pretty much ate here everynight except one (the reception). 

The buffet is great for vegetarians, they keep it fresh and warm. the food is excellent and lots of choices. The meat stuff was good too, but I was too fully from everything else.

The service was fair, our nephew has some food allergies and they were not overly accomadating in tyring to prepare something outside the buffet. 

There seems to be a caravan of indian tourist buses that roll thru the area in the evenings, so be prepared for it to be busy.
Would I go back? Yes.

On the Strip, this place is a gift from Guru Nanak. 

If picked up and dropped anywhere else in the world? It's pretty good.

North Indian type food here is nothing inspiring, but satisfying. We had the buffet and my vegetarian man was happy. 

I was happy with the food--decent naan, mint chutney, tandoori chicken -- the usual stuff I get. The best part was being off the Strip and away from the "Hey Bro!" douchebags. It was clean and quiet. This is hard to find on the Strip and a I relished the calm.
Grabbed a buffet dinner. The spread was great, lots of vegetarian options. Desert was probably the weakest, but very good food overall
Ate the $12.95 lunch-time buffet on a Monday and it was very disappointing. The food was oily and seemed to be sitting out for a long time. Oddly, the place seemed busy, which made me think one of two things:

a) Being the only Indian restaurant on The Strip, Tamba's owners clearly aren't worried about quality 

b) Tamba's dinner menu must be amazing to compensate...
Customer service is worst. The night buffet is worst. The food doesn't look fresh. Recommend not to go there, specially in the night.
When I moved to Vegas from Australia I worried that decent Indian food was going to be a thing of the past. Few Americans I spoke to dreamed of eating a curry (and it's tough to find in supermarkets), but I need not have worried.

Vegas has a great array of Indian food available of varying quality. I have tried it all and the one place the wife and I keep coming back to is Tamba.

Oddly situated at the back of the abandoned hulk that is The Hawaiian Marketplace Foodcourt, Tamba is in my opinion the best food to be had anywhere on The Strip.  Everything is spiced to perfection and there's a great array both for meat eaters and vegetarians.  The lunch buffet is sensational value.

Confused at the people here saying the service is bad/rude. I can barely take a sip of my water before a polite (to the point of humble) waiter is rushing to top me up!
Tamba offers a lunch buffet on the weekends that is quite satisfying.  Plenty of choice, including salad-y stuff, entrees, desserts, and plenty to satisfy either vegetarians or meat-eaters in your party.  It was all very good, especially the vegetable curry I tried.  The staff is helpful, the dining room is nice.  The only thing that would have improved the experience for me would be 1. being hungrier and 2. labels on the buffet choices (the staff were happy to answer our questions about any of the food, however).

#2 is a perennial complaint I have with Indian buffets... I like Indian food immensely and would like to learn more about it so I can remember what I especially like.  But all of the Indian places I frequent are label-less, so except for stuff that's easy to identify like curry, I am left describing things as "that green goopy thing" and "that orange goopy thing" and "that other thing with the lamb".
Whenever i have out of town friends, i bring them to Tamba, i love the furniture and the FOOD!  there are so many vegetarian dishes to choose from.  Pretty reasonable too in price.  Very friendly, spacious and tucked away.  Wish they had parking nearby.
Aside from the feeling that you are entering a deserted mini mall when you go to Tamba, this place is pretty good.  I am in Vegas quite a bit for work and my coworkers and I are always searching for dinner options that don't require you to win big before you can eat.  Thanks to Open Table, we found this hidden little gem.

The feeling of the restaurant is pretty generic.  The website gives the impression that you will be walking into a luxurious setting complete with red velvet cushions and dramatic draperies.  Um, not so much, but we clearly weren't looking for trendy so no big deal.

We had booked a party of 6, which ended up being a party of four.  The host was nice about it, but, unfortunately the restaurant doesn't have too many options for 4-tops so we ended up sitting at a table for six.  I guess they get a lot of large groups?

I started with a manhattan.  When it came out a dark red, I was a little concerned that it wasn't made correctly, but after tasting, it was just right.  I had the butter chicken, which was rich and delicious, but not too heavy.  My friends didn't really know what they wanted so the server just brought out a few different dishes to share.  One of my friends had a spicy chicken dish that was fantastic.  In hindsight, I wish we would have asked what they were.

All in all, it was a great meal, friendly service, and we were all able to get out of there for around $20 per person.  Woo hoo!
One of the places where you can get Jain food. The waiter even wrote Jain in front of the items (so I suppose they might be getting a lot of Jain customers)

We ordered the following Jain items this time.
Malai Paneer
Yellow Daal
Mutter Paneer

The last time (around 2 years ago) they also made Jain Malai Kofta (during dinner)

I have been to this place around 4 times and its always a saviour :)

This time around they were very busy so the service sucked (its not like this always), but yes sometimes we take the buffet, so not much service is required anyways. We could see several people waiting to be seated and they were also getting a little bit frustrated.

Would definitely recommend this place for good Jain food.
Shockingly good! I am most grateful to my fellow Yelpers for drawing our attention to this establishment. We never would have ventured into the Hawaiian Marketplace for food--never. After reading the reviews and finding a coupon in the Vegas 24/7 booklet, we went.

It was exactly as stated, totally deserted. We wondered whether it was open when we arrived at about 8:30. By the time we left, it filled to overflowing with mostly Indian clientele (which is telling). I think the dinner buffet began around 9 PM. 

My husband and I are big fans of Indian, but we always find it hard to get really good and not just mediocre Indian cuisine. There's lots of mediocrity out there in terms of Indian. Tamba was really really tasty. We tried two new dishes which we enjoyed. 

The first was Panipuri, an Indian street food, which involves a hollow shell made of Indian crispy bread which you fill with a green spicy sauce which is supplied separately. Thanks to our server who told us how to eat it. It's fun. Like a shot of mild spice. 

The other dish we had was the dessert which came with the Ashoka's feast. It was made of dried carrot and nuts. Now, I have this weird thing against cooked carrots. They make me gag, but I love raw carrot. It's strange. So anyhow, I was not aware of what this dish, Gajar Halva, was made out of. I asked the waiter. It tasted nothing like carrot. It has this amazing texture and sweetness. I highly recommend it. Like most extra-American dishes, I find that you should eat it without knowing what it is. I think many Americans have preconceived notions of what things should taste like and their texture so knowing what you're eating is more apt to gross you out than allow you to experience it. 

Oh yea, while the food was excellent here and the service, the Ashoka's feast is not really enough food for two people. We ordered the pani puri as an appetizer with this in mind and even though I wasn't starving, it was barely enough food. It was all very tasty, but I wish we had ordered a bit more food (especially now as I write this really wishing I was in Vegas eating some Tamba).

I also did not find Tamba to be generic in any way, it was decorated nicely and was lit well, somewhat romantically, and quiet.
Yes, very very good. I'd recommend the lunch buffet for value for money. Same as the evening grub, for 2/3 of the price. Great service and vibe!
They do a fine job here.  Most of their vegetarian items beat the hell out of other indian buffet vegetarian items.  Sadly, their meat items do not beat the hell out of other indian buffet meat items.

Good price.  Nice Service.  Nice ambience.  I like it.
Good and unique flavors. Decent prices. The saag paneer was decent but rice had to be ordered separately. The naan was good and the ashokas feast was a good variety of flavors. Surprising for the strip, a nice change of pace. Would return if invited.
Oh Yelpers, how you have failed me!  

My boyfriend and I found Tamba's advertisement in one of Vegas's books during our visit, and decided to go here for dinner after reading the "good reviews" and ratings on yelp.  After finally having eaten there,  I would give this place HALF a star if I could, for its bad food and terrible service!

I live in Silicon Valley---a mecca of Indian restaurants and cafes-- and eat Indian food at least once a week. (It's my latest addiction).  I know good curry when I taste it, and let me tell you now before you waste your time and money: you will not find good curry here.

We went for the "dinner buffet" which, it turns out, "was reserved for private parties only." So we ended up ordering the butter chicken and a lamb curry with some naan off of the menu.  But the waiter brought out what he called "chicken tikka masala", and when we told him it wasn't what we ordered, he then said he misspoke and it was actually "butter chicken" after all.

Either way, it tasted like water.  No flavor whatsoever.  The lamb curry on the other hand... was a SPOONFUL of SALT with every bite.  YUCK!

I've never abandoned an Indian meal in my life, no matter how mediocre.  But I could not get myself past even half this meal.  Maybe the bland curry juxtaposed to the salty one made it seem even saltier, or, "Maybe," I thought, "if i mix the two curries together, I would find a happy medium."  How wrong I was! There was no happiness to be found there. :(

To top it off, when our bill came, we were charged $15 for the "chicken tikka masala" instead of butter chicken, and told our server about the mistake.  He said, "It doesn't matter anyway, they're the same price."  Indeed not!  I corrected him and said that the butter chicken is $14.  So he responded, "Fine, I'll just COMP you the difference."

"COMP"? "COMP"??? Are you kidding me?!  You're not comping us anything!  We're just asking you to charge us for what we ACTUALLY ORDERED!  Don't think you're doing us any favors!

Finally, just to add insult to injury, they advertised 10% off the bill if you showed them the ad from the Vegas 24/7 booklet.  But when we gave him the "coupon", INSTEAD of taking 10% OFF, he ADDED 18% to our bill for gratuity!

HA! Unbelievable.  I guess, in Vegas,  you don't have to go to the casinos to lose your money!
I came here with my coworkers after a long boring sunday at work. Eating here was definitely the highlight of my day. We ordered:

-Chicken Tikka: delicious cubes of flavorful chicken served with sides of mint as well as tamarind sauces. 
-Tandoori Chicken: delicious preperation, i only wish the cuts of chicken were meatier. 
-Chicken Tikka Masala: my favorite dish. Full of flavor and soft tender chicken pieces. The sauce base is perfect for dipping your naan into. 
-Chicken Vindaloo: the spice level was perfect. it was spicy enough for those who are adventurous, but it wasn't so spicy that is took away from the wonderful flavor. 
-Yellow fried rice: great flavor, perfect accompaniment to the tandoori chicken. 
-Naan: plain butter and garlic : both were excellent. flaky with a soft fluffy center. 
-Drinks: Bombay 7, Sapporo beer, Strawberry daiquiri  

The service was fantastic both from the waiter and the bussers. The ambiance was excellent and the decor and dishes they used to serve the food were very modern. I would not hesitate to take a date here.
Food and service were excellent.  I went with a group of 16 people and everyone's order was correct, prompt and served at the same time.  Drinks were refilled immediately.  The food was flavorful and as described on the menu.  I would give it 5 stars, with the exception that I didn't have to pay the bill, so I can't really comment on the costs and /or the value aspect of this place.
I love the lunch buffet at this place!  The food is great! The chicken makhani is just awesome. Everytime I eat here, I get up to get food from the buffet around 3 times or so. 

The place looks nice also. Can't wait to go back next time I'm in Vegas!
Went to Tamba while visiting Vegas. Honestly, we found this place because we had a coupon from the Entertainment Book. We ended up going twice.

Our first dinner there was on Sunday night - we fell in love with the place. The waiters were friendly and helpful. We were given a second dessert for free because we were told we HAD TO try that one too. We were so happy that we did. My first visit to Tamba - food, service, perks - gets 5 STARS.

We went back to Tamba a few days later with a friend. The food was still good, but seemed saltier than Sunday. We had ordered different dishes so not sure if the saltiness was just due to our order. We still enjoyed the food and the service was good, but a little off on the timing. Barely touched appetizer before main course came out. One of the servers seemed annoyed by the use of the coupon, but otherwise, it was still good. Second visit: 3 STARS.
I disagree with any bad comments on this place! Maybe the buffet isn't the greatest but in general buffets are never that good. All the food just sits around. 

On that note, Me and my boyfriend went and ate here about a week ago bc a friend I had in my summer class at UNLV worked here.  Although he wasn't there that night we went anyways and everyone was so nice.  The service was excellent and the food was fantastic.  I completely disagree with the yelp from Sang whatever bc we ordered the Chicken tikka masala and it was awesome.  We also got the lamb vindaloo and the combo together was phenomenal.  The chicken tikka was so buttery and had a great flavor while the lamb vindaloo had the perfect amount of heat.  We had samosas of course and they were pretty good.  From my memory I've had better but everything else was delicious.  Our water was never empty and everyone was so nice.  We also had some dessert, a round cake like ball thing (dont know what its called) and some carrots.  Very good as well.  

The location is a little strange (I thought it was closed when we were going there) but they were open.  The atmosphere was great, the service was great, and the food was awesome.  The rest of the night me and my boyfriend kept saying how nice of a dinner that was and have been craving Indian food ever since! A+
Hands down the worst Indian buffet I've ever been to. And to the people who say that you can't expect much from buffet food, you just haven't been to a good Indian buffet. I admit there are some things I've come to expect from an Indian buffet, like that the naan should probably be freshly brought out to the table, rather than wasting away en masse under a hot light. The core of the meal, the proteins, should also not be mystery meat bobbing in a thin gruel of oil and colored sauce. The most edible thing was probably the goat curry, and only because I love me some lamb/goat. There were little signs to help you navigate the curries (as we discovered later), but they misidentified stuff and were hard to read. The place looks nicer than it tastes, fo sho.
Pathetic.
I read the reviews of this place before coming and found it interesting that there was such a spread of opinions.  My experience with yelp reviews has been that they tend to clump together around a mutually-agreed upon rating but this one had people who loved it and people who hated it.  My fellow diner and I agreed that 3.5 stars is just about the correct rating though.

Impressions: The place is nicely decorated with low light and soft music.  It is upstairs in a a grim looking food court in the back of a low-rent outdoor shopping center.  It has a nice ambiance once inside though.  We went for the lunch buffet.  

Pros: Very friendly and attentive staff.  My water glass never reached the half-way empty mark.  
Plenty of vegetarian selections in the buffet
The chicken tikka masala and a paneer curry (I missed the name) were both very good

Cons: the daal was overly salty
Some dishes were just okay and not spectacular

Overall we had a nice lunch here but I've had better Indian buffets in the Bay Area.  In the midst of a sea of burgers and undercooked pizza slices however this is a welcomed change.
Indian Food is by far my favorite, and I was so pleased to run into Tamba on the strip! We came during lunch and were able to eat off of the buffet and get unlimited non-alcoholic drinks for $13.

Being vegetarians, we were totally stoked that they had at least 5 different dishes in addition to rice, naan, and those weird soda break things.

I learned that I love Dal Makni, Malai Paneer, and Punjabi Curry, which would be things I would normally not get to try because I always order my favorite, Muttar Paneer.

Anyway, the service was really great, the location was awesome, and the food was so incredibly tasty. Five Stars alllll the way!!!
I had the lunch special, and it included some very traditional Indian fare that most Americans would not ascribe to Indian food. The buffet was vegetarian heavy, which I loved as I favor the southern style. Waitstaff was friendly. The decor was pleasantly better than expected, considering this was not a strip hotel restaurant. I guess I would describe the food as not particularly gourmet, but utterly satisfying. Not bad for a semi-vacant strip mall. If I ever go back to Vegas, I will have to try dinner a a la carte.
I have never tried the sit down dinner menu, but I am a huge fan of the all you can eat lunch buffet for $12.95! 

Great environment and very clean....Yum Yum for Tamba!
one of the best restaurants I've ever been to..exceptional service.. We eat fine restaurants all the time in san francisco and this beats all!! My best experience in vegas!!
Everytime I have visited this restaurant (or its sister restaurant, Gandhi), the food has been consistently good. The price is reasonable, for a buffet and I always enjoy my meal. The mango lassis are great as well, but the service could always be improved. The location is a pain, considering that you have to enter through a sm. side street on the strip and getting out of there will be a nightmare. I always exit from the back side and you will need to know that trick to avoid all that traffic from Las Vegas Strip. If you are in town, it's worth the visit to either of the two restaurants. I have been eating at Gandhi for over 10 yrs. now, since Tamba is a little more recent (food is still good!).
The only downside of Tamba is trying to locate it in the back of the run-down Hawaiian Marketplace. The food is outstanding. The buffet lunch is great at $13.00 per person and features a very good malai paneer. The staff is friendly and attentive. As an added bonus, the interior is very classy.
My family recently visited us from London and we all went to this excellent place. Upon our arrival we were greeted nicely and then they seated us in this exclusive area because they thought we were the people taking a tour. It was hilarious when they came and told us how they had made a mistake and apologized extensively for there inconvenience. I think everything is fine with this restaurant but I would prefer ordering over their buffet. The bathrooms need to be more clean. Besides that the place is nice and chic. There is this huge  market below this where you can get cheap stuff- from sunglasses to shawls and other materials.
The food was very tasty.  A touch on the spicy side, but that can be expected with Indian food unless you ask for it to be mild.  The setting was beautiful, calm and relaxing.  Most of the staff was wonderful.  Our main waiter paid no attention to our table at all, but the other staff made up for it.  If you want a great beer, try the Taj Mahal!
The people here are running more a business than a place for some Indian food. I observed the owner & manager to be very business minded & be cared to the customers with such perspective. 
Thats different story, who cares if the food end up delicious, which isn't the case. Less than average taste, not all the items in Menu are available. The only advantage its at the Strip. Else I liked the food http://www.everestcuisine.net/, far better than in Tamba during my 3 day visit to Vegas.
*Weekend lunch buffet review*

Our plan was to find some grub at Aria but we either found stuff that was too expensive or not very appealing. By this time we were STARVING so I whip out my trusty iPhone and used my Yelp app to find this place just across the street. It's located in the Hawaiian Marketplace all the way in the back.

The first thing we did after we entered was pay the $15 for the weekend lunch buffet. I thought that was a bit strange but if the hotel buffet places can do it why not. 

They had a lot of variety, at least 14 different items, and thought everything was just ok. One thing I thought was really good was their upma, it's like an Indian version of the Moroccan cous cous. It was my first time having the dish and it was simple yet very tasty. The chicken tandoori had good flavor but was a little dry. The chicken tikka masala sauce was good but there wasn't a lot of chicken, I had to dig around for some. What I noticed is that this place supplied small containers for the different dishes. I've never seen that before and thought it's a good idea for those who don't like mixing their food. 

They were pretty good with refilling our water cups and clearing our dirty plates. Bad thing with this buffet was drinks weren't included so a separate bill was handed to us. Another downside was the food wasn't labeled properly, so I was just grabbing things blindly. 

Overall it was just an OK experience. At least Tamba introduced me to a new dish, now all I have to do is find it here in LA!
The lunch buffet was very good with many options.  There were three or four meat items and six or seven veggie items.  The naan was excellent and all the items seemed fresh and were very hot.  There were many Indians eating here, which is always good.  They could lose the plastic water cups though, that seems a little silly.
When I am in Vegas, very rarely  do I wake up in time to have lunch. I have been to Tamba 2-3 times before and always for dinner/pre-dinner. There food has always been good, but the service with attitude has always turned me off. I would not waste my time typing this if it was not for their value for money lunch buffet I had last time. It comes to $15 per person and it has lots of variety. None of the items are truly great, but none are bad too. Now only if they would serve you water in something other than those cheap iparty plastic cups!
We enjoyed the buffet and it was reasonably price of $12.95. I would recommend visiting here.
First of all, moderators, can you correct the name of the restaurant? It's really Tamba Indian Cuisine/Lounge. I see that the right URL is provided, so let's make it easier for other people to find this Indian gem.

Since this was my first time out as a Las Vegas resident, I was extremely pleased to discover that Las Vegas does indeed have stellar Indian cuisine. I read the first review carefully and already knew it was considered excellent by Indian natives.

But when I arrived and saw that virtually everyone in the restaurant was Indian, I knew it was going to be superb and it was. My perennial favorite, Lamb Vindaloo, was as spicy as it should be. The lamb was tender, although I've tasted superior lamb, namely in Paris.

As a starter I ordered Onion Kulcha. The waiter brought out the nan accompanied by a plate of tomatoes, onions, jalapenos and pickled vegetables. I knew then and there that I would be in for a treat.

The rice was excellent although I prefer mine laced with peas and authentic cardamom seeds, but for most food lovers this is probably adventurous enough. ;)

In all, a great find in Las Vegas. Don't let the Hawaiian Marketplace surroundings fool you, this is truly outstanding Indian food and Las Vegas deserves it.
Mighty tasty. Service was excellent. 

Highly recommended if seeking well prepared indian cuisine. 

Great recommendation from Caesar's Palace Conceirge.

This really is the BEST Indian food in Las Vegas!
I was trying to find a nice place to take my girlfriend for her birthday dinner.  First, we were looking for a Greek place, but didn't find any with decent reviews, so since we have had good luck with Indian food in the past, I figured I'd scour Yelp for suggestions.  I found Tamba to be in the top five on Yelp and found every place in the list to have mixed reviews.  After looking at the web sites of the top five, their menus and plenty of thought, I finally decided on Tamba.  I used opentable.com to make our reservation for 7pm Saturday night.  Since this place is in the Hawaiian Marketplace on the strip, I figured it would be packed.  In fact, one of the reviews said to make sure you get a reservation or your wait could exceed two hours.

When we arrived, the place was pretty empty.  I believe there were only four or five tables taken at that point, so we were greeted by the manager and he wished my girlfriend a happy birthday.  Nice touch.  

I am actually glad the place was empty because the waiter spent a lot of time talking over the menu options and giving us recommendations.  During our conversation with the waiter, we talked about the lamb dishes and he could tell we were hesitant, so he brought over sample for us to try.  It was so good, I chose the Roghan Gosht as my main dish.  My girlfriend chose the Butter Chicken and we started with the Sea Bass appetizer.  On the spice scale, I'd say the lamb was a 5 out of 10 and the butter chicken was a 3.

The wine selection was average, but my girlfriend really enjoyed the fruity martini.

The price was better than I expected for dinner on the strip in Las Vegas.  We both had two drinks, an appetizer, two main dishes, rice, garlic nan and two desert items and got out of there for around $70 and that included the tip.  

Two more signs that Tamba serves good Indian food; by the time we left (8:30ish), the place was packed and there were a lot of actual Indian people dinning there.

We both said that we would go back.
Great food..We tried their Vegetarian dishes and food was really awesome. Would love to go there when I am in Vegas next time
We were in Vegas recently and we were told by a couple of different people to try this Indian Buffet, supposedly the only Indian Buffet on The Strip. It was well worth going to. Nice selection and everything we tried was good. With tax it's $15 per person.
A little secret hidden in the Hawaiian marketplace, Tamba was a surprising find and the quality was outstanding.

I was with a party of 5 and we all got something different and spent the evening swapping tastes of each others dishes. I myself had "Palak Paneer" and "Yellow Rice". The paneer was excellent and generous portions of tofu. The rice was nearly perfect but just a tad undercooked/dry but worked well as a mix with the paneer wrapped up in fresh nan.

The dishes and the restaurant are well presented with authentic palettes and decor. The music was subtle an unobtrusive and the waiter was superb.

While this restaurant is in Vegas, the prices were a little high than I'd normally expect but are a pretty good deal considering the location. Good deals can be had if you check the normal coupon books. There are specific ones for Tamba that could have saved us a bit.

With all that said, while the food was excellent, the staff was superb, and the atmosphere was inviting, the restrooms were atrocious. I was pretty shocked considering the dining experience to find the bathrooms somewhat trashed and unkept which worried me a little.

Overall I still give Tamba 4/5, but please folks, take care of those frightening bathrooms and you'd easily be a 5.
Loved the food and the service so much that we ate here twice during our brief stay in Vegas. It's a bit pricey, so be sure to look through your resort magazine for the 10% off coupon.
Was excited to try this Indian restaurant since it was recommended by some Indian acquaintances.  I love Indian food.  I generally don't go to the buffet lunches as they usually don't offer the best selection (everything chicken) and quality but my friend said, the buffet is actually good and they even offer lamb curry/korma (you just have to ask for it and the waiter will bring it to  your table).

The flavors of all the curries were fantastic and deserving of 4-5 stars, the only problem is every curry was WAY TOO SALTY.  Not sure if this was intended being that it was a buffet and perhaps they want you to fill up on rice or nan.  Had they cut the salt in half, they would have gotten 5 stars from me.

Apparently they must be doing something right because out of the whole food court in Hawaiian Village, they were the only restaurant left standing.  I would potentially go back again but only if I needed some extra sodium in my diet.
Bad food, flavorless indian food and i have almost always had better. I think survives because of the tourist crowd in Vegas.
I went for the lunch buffet and I found that the pakoras were without spice and a little soggy, sambar was lacking salt and tamarind, chicken was overcooked and the bread was rubber like. At $14, that is indeed a waste.
Pre-pay Indian buffet? Ok, I was a little taken back by this, but glad I gave them the chance anyway.  This buffet had the largest selection of several that I tried in Vegas, including a couple southern Indian items (iddli and sambar).  My water was never less than half-filled, as if the server's sole mission in life was to keep my glass full.  Food was authentic, flavorful, and spicy for a change.  I really liked Tambar.
Every time we good back for our annual vacation in LV, a trip to Tamba is planned!  We always do the lunch buffet - the price is good and the buffet is plentiful.

We love Indian food - we are not Indian so we know what we like.  Tamba has a great selection of vegetarian food with minimal meat items - we are carnivores but are just as happy with meatless dishes there.  Each time we have gone, we have found several items on the lunch buffet that we have never tasted before so we know that they change up the buffet items regularly.

Their tandoori chicken is the best I have had - it is always moist and tasty, not dried out or overcooked.  they always have a paneer dish there, a soup, lots of veggie dishes like aloo gobi, etc.  they always have a dessert on the buffet and loads of hot naan.

I would recommend this place to anyone who enjoys Indian food or is just learning - their buffet is a great way to jump in!
Second time to Tamba. It's friggin' awesome!

Sarah and I first stumbled upon this charmer on our 2009 Vegas trip after falling out of the Luxor and walking a hangover off.  

Deep inside the Hawaiian Marketplace where even the KFC failed and shuttered it's doors lies Tamba, the lone restaurant in what at one time was a glorious food court. 

Up the escalator and inside, you get a whiff of the buffet and hear the soft and trendy music. The perfect sound track for the inevitable food coma that the awesome buffet is about to give. 

Loved this place so much the first time we skipped the Indian spot across from our hotel and drove straight to Tamba. 

Tamba in 2010. Tamba in 2011 too I'm sure!
Take out food is alright.
Buffet is decent as well.
This review is solely for the lunch buffet:

Tamba offers perhaps the best Indian lunch buffet in town.  Unlike most Indian restaurants in Vegas, the cooks at Tamba don't focus on a bland tourist palate.  And as a result, they don't produce spice-less offerings.

What the buffet does offer is an amazing array of vegetarian options--tasty, spicy and delicious options--chana masala (chick pea masala), palak paneer and various other vegetable-based deliciousness.  But the buffet isn't solely for the vegetable lover.  The Tamba buffet also carries several chicken dishes in well-crafted sauces.  If you've eaten at a few Vegas Indian buffets, you'll know that tasty and spicy foods are rare.  So if you're near the south side of the strip for lunch, you can't do much better.

As for the dinner or regular dishes (not in buffet form), I haven't tried them, but several India-born friends have told me that Tamba is the best Indian restaurant in town.
3.5 rounded up to 4...

My friend and I were really lucky to find this restaurant, since it was hidden in a deserted mall/plaza. But to the point - it was delicious!

We decided to share "Ashoka's feast", which consisted of a variety of dishes because it was a good deal (comes with rice, naan, dessert, multiple meat dishes, etc.)... it was almost true, but the portions were a tad too small for two people. We had to order extra naan in the end and used it to dip the leftovers with. Everything was pretty good, but I just wish the food was bit more spicier. 

The servers were really friendly and helpful, too! I think this place really is the only Indian restaurant on the strip? Well, that's what they claim on their website...
Overall, not bad... Price comes out to around ~$15/person... Personally, I think I've had better, but I guess I'm not too picky about my Indian food because they always taste so flavorful to me. I think if I were to come back here, I'd come for the lunch buffet, though.
Being one of the only Indian restaurants on the Las Vegas strip, you would think that they would really take advantage of the situation and show the world how great Indian food can be.  Instead, this restaurant is located inside a mostly vacant building, and the food they serve is very bland.

The good:
- great selection of vegetarian dishes
- the Sambar was the best item on the buffet
- atmosphere in the restaurant was good

The bad:
- Food was very bland, except for a couple of items that were good
- there were only 3 meat dishes and they were all chicken
- service was ok, no one ever came by to take my drink order
- fairly expensive for a lunch buffet ( $15 a person without a drink)

This place was okay, but there are better places to go for dinner than here.  But if you are craving indian food, then this is basically the only choice you have along the strip.
For Vegas this is definitely awesome! I went here for Dinner and was very pleasantly surprised with the dishes. I have eaten a lot of really good Indian food and this wasn't going down as the best, but come on, it's Vegas. If this was a restaurant in NYC it would get about 3 stars, but in Vegas it gets 4. The naan was ok, same goes for the raita. The dishes though were very tasty and spicy. The location is really odd, it's in the back of a crappy food court, but it is really nice inside. The prices were awesome for Vegas, and I'll definitely frequent it when I visit.
I think where the rating is right now at 3 1/2 is probably right. I also agree with a lot of other yelpers about getting the best indian buffet for your money. First, I dont expect to be amazed by a buffet, and second, i definitely dont expect to be amazed by a buffet that is so cheap (compared to other buffets on the strip). You get a good variety of indian food (mostly vegetarian) and its around $13. What is the funniest thing about this place is where it is located. It is inside a, what seems to be an abandoned food court type building, and is the only that has been running ever since I first came here 4 years ago. Seriously, I have never seen any other store in this food court open. 
I think if you dont mind eating a little unhealthy indian food that tastes decent you should check this place out. I have had their fresh food here once, and honestly this is one place where their fresh food tastes slightly better than their buffet. Usually, the restaurant's fresh food tastes way better than their buffet, but I guess their food quality doesnt change much between ordering off the menu or the buffet.
Very flavorful and fresh Indian food here!

I was in Vegas with my family from India last summer and we ate here (since almost all of them are vegetarian), and it was delicious! The buffet wasn't very pricey at all and had a ton of choices, both veg and non-veg.  Definitely a yummy place to eat!
I know it looks like you are going into a deserted building on the Strip but there really is a restaurant up the escalator! Hubby & I really enjoyed the food. That said, there were problems too. Our server asked us for a spice level and we said mild and one dish came out quite spicy. We were just too hungry to send it back. We enjoyed it despite being too hot for us wimps. The service was lacking, to put it mildly. Our server was friendly enough but after being seated it took a solid 10 minutes before anybody approached our table and 20 to order. And during the course of the meal, more attention from the server would have been nice. If I had a do-over, I would have gone for the lunch buffet which sounds like a better idea.
First, this review is for DINNER.
THE MENU has a good selection of Indian fare. The mixed tandoori grill and two mixed feasts represent a good mix of Indian dishes for those new to Indian food. 
THE FOOD was excellent. I am no expert of Indian food, but everyone raved about it. My tamarind shrimp was definitely spicy, but not excessively so. The mixed tandoori grill was excellent for those who do not like spicy food.
THE PRESENTATION was good, especially for the mixed feasts and the grill. instead of just slopping the various dishes on the plate, each one is in a nice  stainless container.
THE SERVICE was excellent, even though we had a large party. We had several people who had never eaten Indian food and the waiter took the time to explain the various dishes, how to eat them and various nuances of Indian food. 
RECOMMEND
Me and my mom went to dinner here tonight. It was awesome and mega yummy. 

Food wise we got the petite veggie samosas, which were delish, but a bit small. I got a lassi which was yummy. We also got rice and chicken tikka masala which was so good. I highly recommend. We also had naan which was nothing special but good non the less. 

Now service wise, it was great. Not only was it super quick, and my water was always full, everyone was super nice. We had the best server ever. Not only was he fantastic to talk to, very attentive and so sweet, he was also incredibly cute. I would def rank him in one of my favorite waiters ever. 

I cant wait to go back and eat their again.
I rarely write negative reviews. I wanted to like this place, but the parking was difficult, the service was apathetic and blah, and the food was just "okay." Our order was of course jacked up. Then to cap it off, got to wait 30 minutes for our bill. There are a lot better Indian places within a few blocks of here. Seek them out. I gave this two stars because the food was edible. I will not be returning though.
Have always loved this place,  but the last 2 visits were avg.
Found this gem of an Indian restaurant through Yelp while on business in Vegas. This place serves FANTASTIC food and appears to be a locals hangout, not a tourist trap. 

I seriously doubt there is better Indian food in Vegas.
This was my Indian food de-flowering experience (so I don't really have a lot to compare it to). I had always been hesitant to try it because the curry smelled so strong and that line from Anchorman always made me cringe ("It smells like a baby's diaper full of Indian food")....WAS I A RA-TARD!

My friends invited my man and I to a birthday gathering for a co-worker and were raving about this place. The owners have come to visit us at my work on several occasions so I thought I could at least go and see what it was all about. I knew it was going to be good because it was the only business left in the building (its located inside the Hawaiian Marketplace building by Polo Towers) and there were a ton of Indian people there (always a good sign).Alex was our server. He was very friendly and we left our dinner in his hands....what a smart decision. He brought out an AMAZING prix fixe menu I think of his own creation (nice touch). Now I will do my best to at least describe my favorites:

1) Little fried dough balls with peas and potatoes inside...served with a mint cilantro and some sort of sweet/spicy glaze (tandoori sauce?)
2) Chicken tandoori....great flavor. Sweet/spicy and BBQ'd to perfection
3) Lollipop lamb chops with some sort of glaze with a kick (great with the mint cilantro and sweet/spicy sauce mixed together).
4) Chicken Tikka Masala....HOLY COW! You must get this dish. The curry is mild, its creamy and a little bit of heaven in a dish. 
5) Garlic nan....garlic flat bread which was perfect for dipping in the Chicken Tikka Masala.

I was so happy when we left. My man and I actually went back the following evening because I was craving it again. Just as good the second time and we actually got Alex as our server again...he remembered us from the night before (another nice touch). Will be back again soon.
Went here with 3 of my friends for vacation. Each meal was pretty cheap at $12 each; the waiter was really nice offering to bring two bowls of rice and two baskets of bread which we didn't know costs us $15. Add in the 18% automatic gratuity on alcoholic beverages and you get $115. That was a surprise to me. The food itself was ok, nothing spectacular. I would have rather spent that money on a buffet or something else.
This review is for the lunch buffet. Food on the buffet was good, not great. Too many vegetarian dishes. Naan was on the buffet, I prefer fresh naan brought to the table.

Atmosphere was depressing. Tamba is in an indoor "mall", with ZERO other businesses. 

You pay before you eat which is fine if you have cash for tip. Several reviews said non alcoholic drinks are included, that wasn't the case on Sunday when we visited. We weren't asked if we wanted drinks until we were seated, since we already paid, we decided to stick with water. Lost revenue on their part.

Overall, it was ok. My husband and I prefer Namaste and Mt. Everest. 

As Vegas locals, we will probably not return to Tamba as the only draw is that we live across the street from it.
One thing we were determined to win at, was having a great indian dinner on the las vegas blvd after realizing that everything else out there was only "by-chance/luck".. With a palate limited to the vegetarian options, we hoped that their popular dishes -  Biryani and Bhindi masala, were worth the reviews.. Surprisingly, they were of the finest quality and taste. We couldn't have had a more enjoyable and ful"filling" dinner.. A lil too conservative approach resulted in the lunch buffet next day.. Hmm.. We quickly realized that Tamba proved to be merely just another indian buffet place for lunch..

Definite stop-by for an exquisite indian dinner.. Visit them for lunch if you must have indian lunch buffet..

The review is completely based off of the vegetarian dishes.. Not sure how they fare at the non-vegetarian menu..
I was excited to discover an indian restaurant bang in the mid of the strip. But is a disappointment. They only have Buffett for $20 and no Ala Cart menu. The restaurant has huge seating area but the problem is they have just one small Buffett bar which makes the bar really crowded. One literally has to fight for the food. In a Buffett it is advisable to have breads served fresh on the table but they had it in the bar..cold and old. Any good - no! They are just making money because of their location.
Over all good food right price however pathetic service & attitude of the staff including manager there it took 45 min for a order to come on weekday and tht too it wasn't complete until we completed the entire dinner they didn't bring the raita / chutney we ordered and they tried to sneak in the 2 items in the bill. Won't recommend due to service and attitude issue.
My boyfriend and I tried this place late in the afternoon and it was pretty empty. The buffet was stocked and refreshed while we ate and we had good service being seated and at the table. I found the food flavorful and enjoyed everything I tried (which was a little of everything!). The restaurant was romantic and we were able to have some great conversation. I would love to come back here.
Where to do I begin?

I was searching for a place to eat that would fit my newly discovered vegetarian diet and be acceptable for the rest of my lady friends for a night out.  

We walked in and were seated, immediately (of course there were only 8 other people in the restaurant).  The aroma of spices were all around and our appetites were ready to get down.  We were greeted by a gorgeous Morrocan man.  (Yay!  What a way to get the night started.)  And soon after a Philipino hottie joined in.  Two servers + four ladies = an exciting dining experience.

Hakim hooked us up with suggestions on food and drinks (that would be alcohol beverages).  What a delight!

Everything was good...except how distracted our 2 servers would get.  Something went wrong with the bill...for them.  I don't even remember the details.  I just remember having a great time.

I've been back several times now with my lady friends.  We always have a good time and good eats at this place.

If you like Indian food and you're looking for a place on the strip, this is it.  If you're looking for a place to hit up before a night out, this is it.  If you're looking for an Indian buffet, this is it.  (Yes, they do a lunch buffet and the price is low.) 

Nummy nummy in our tummy tummies.
An Indian restaurant with some good and some mediocre dishes. We went there for the lunch buffet on a weekday. There was a decent selection of food in a nicely decorated space. There were lots of "ethnic" types which is always a good sign.
The chicken curry, tandoori chicken and spiced cauliflower and potatoes were excellent. The naan was good and the dhaal and sambhar were actually not good. So there you have it.
Also there was no drink included with the meal for $12.99 which if fine. But what I found quite annoying was that you had to prepay and then if you wanted anything other than water, pay again. This did not make me happy.

Exc -Curry, Tandoori Chicken, spiced veggies.
Good - Decor
Ave - Food
Poor - Paying policy 

WOULD I GO BACK? Probably not. I think I would try another Indian restaurant first.
My friend was looking for a place to fit her new diet for a girls night out on the strip, and this is what she found. I had never really been into Indian food before, but not trying it and having other places, this place is pretty good. The service is good if you're a bunch of girls...haha. There are a couple of waiters that the girls lust over, so they definitely pay attention to us when we come in. The service has been delayed in that regard, but only delayed with us getting the check. 

 I've been there for the buffet and I've ordered individual dishes. I love every dish I've had with chicken in it. I don't usually like curry to much, but I love the curry dishes here. I usually get 7-10 on the spice level as well. There are also a lamb dish that is amazing, which is best spicy. I think most things are best spicy. 

This is a great place to go on the strip for Indian food, and if you have a large group. They also have a back room that people seem to use quite frequently for large parties.
It was closed even after they had taken reservations from us. So either their reservation system was off (OpenTable-ed it) or they had to close for that day.
Boyfriend and I were in Las Vegas for a small getaway. Staying a little off the Strip was nice, however, getting food is always a pain in the ass due to constant tourist everywhere. We decided we should try somewhere close that, preferably. wouldn't have very many tourists. Bring in Tamba. 

We made a reservation thinking the place would be jam packed, however, it was not. We were seated immediately, not having to wait at all because the place wasn't crowded at all. 

Their Chicken Tikka Masala was amazingly good. This is one of my favorite dishes, so I enjoy when I go to an Indian place that really makes it the way I like it. Their Naan was also delicious. We got the garlic naan, as well as the Alu Naan, which was also VERY good. 

I'd definitely go here again if I am in the area. It is somewhat off the beaten path. I don't think the tourist have really found this gem of a restaurant.
Great nan and vegan options on menu. Will be back for buffet.
My first time here. The Sunday Buffet dinner was just amazing. The Idlis were so soft, they just melted in my mouth.
You MUST try this south Indian dish to believe it. One of the best Idlis I have eaten outside India.

I had to take a STAR off because they employ kids to serve water and plates.Somehow dint like the idea of that.
Great food, love the fact that some of it is from south India.  Decor is nice, they have a really big lavish room in the back as well as a spacious dining room and "patio" seating. Service was good, their ice tea is super good, and the bathrooms are really cool. (I'm a sucker for nice bathrooms)  ALSO, you can get free parking with this place.  I'm sold. It is, however, in the back of a deserted strip mall, but if you can get over that its a good place to visit.  

I have to say, the food made it all and the food was stellar!!! Great amount of vegetarian choices spiced just right and with a perfect amount of kick.  Nothing was bland, and everything was presented beautifully.  Really great place! I'll stop by here again next time I'm in Vegas!
Good lunch buffet. We tried veg biriyani & it was excellent. It's right on strip.
I would recommend to anyone looking for veg Indian food
It's difficult to find restaurants that are unique and not homogenized and typical Vegas style Americanized offerings. We were in the mood for Indian and with the help of the Yelp app, found this place and quickly made a reservation through opentable. The reservation wasn't really necessary since upon arrival, there were plenty of tables available. 

We were seated and it took much longer than necessary for any of the servers to acknowledge us and provide menus, drinks, etc. I think this was because there was a large party in the back room which occupied their time. This party also had a buffet setup that contained some of the most unique and appetizing Indian food I had ever seen. Unofortunately it was not open to people outside of their party. Shucks!

The food was decent and the price was ok. I was glad that we had the opportunity to not eat in another casino buffet or chain restaurant. If you like Indian, check this place out.
We ordered the saag paneer, malai kofta and naan. The food was quite good and the naan just melt in your mouth.  The decor is pretty nice too. Service was attentive. The food was reasonably priced.

The only reason I did not give this place a 4 star is because they didn't have air conditioning on and it was a hot and humid Las Vegas evening.
After many visits saying, "gee, we should try Tamba", we finally did!

We visted on a Sunday night and found the place to be nearly full and almost everyone was Indian - always a good sign that the food is pretty authentic!

They had two different "feasts" so we got one of each.    Both gave us a good sampling of what Tamba has to offer.   Since we shared, it meant just a taste of each item but all were very good.      The vegetarian version of the feast started with samosas followed by Saag Paneer, Dal and a korma - not sure of the name along with really good naan.    The meat version started with an awesome tandoori chicken followed by Rogan Josh, Chicken Tikka Masala and dal.     All really good!

Service was good.   I saw someone posted they did not have A/C - the night we went, there were no issues with temperature so that's likely just a one time issue.
After reading all the reviews and not haven Indian food at all on our vacation I was looking forward to experiencing some authentic Indian Food..... But even though they say they are open on Thursdays when we got there they were closed!!!! Make sure you call first!
The food was fantastic.  My biggest disappointment was the bar.  We wanted martinis.  bartender said they were out of martini glasses.  One drink was so bad, we had to send it back.  If the drinks were as good as the food, I would give it 5 stars.  The host and waiter were super nice and friendly.  But I'm sure it's also bc they were checking us out the whole time we were there.
The most horrible indian food I have eaten after coming to US. Being in Las vegas does not mean that you can charge your customers a fortune for crappy food. The food tasted like the ones served in hospitals with no spices , no aroma and no flavor. Everything was just boiled and served. There are plenty of other options in vegas for indian food, please skip this useless place.
Food is ok.. limited variety... insanely expensive... i arrived at Vegas and was searching for good restaurants...my friend who resides there did mention that this is an overly hyped place because of its prime location. 
i ignored that and did go there ...

There was some good side dish like raita, aloo gobi.. but i did not know with which main course should i have it along with... 

Do they expect me to have rice and sambar with aloo gobi as palya!!!!! and all this after paying 20 bucks!!!! .. 

Thanks giving dinner, and no fried rice or biryani in the buffet spread... naan was ok... 

For the price i paid i could have gone else where.. and be satisfied..

Closing Comments : go here if you earned too much from gambling and do not know what to do with all that money ...
Lunch buffet...poor tasting food.. they tried to cover the taste w spiciness.. would not recommend
I was a bit hesitant from the looks outside and that there was not a lot of patrons inside so I passed, but came back the night after. Come to find out, the patrons are mostly Indian (good sign), the food was delicious, I had the fish masala (spicy) with rice, onion naan, plus tamarind/mint chutney, everything was great, service was more 'human' than other restaurants on the strip, prices were not bad.
Every time I go to Vegas, I get really excited because I know I'll be shoving delicious food from Tamba into my gullet.  Most people get excited about Vegas because of the debauchery they are about to partake in.....yes, yes, that's all good and well done, but aside from my roulette high, TAMBA is why I sing Viva Las Vegas!

Go for the lunch buffet and you will see what I mean--it's a vegetarian dream!  there's like 10 veggie items on the huge buffet and the naan is soooooooo good!

I will warn you, it gets crazy sometimes on weekends, line out the door, raita and chutney slinging to and fro, elbowing people out of the way for the last scoop of halva, etc.  BUT, it's worth the madness.

P.S. Handy-dandy tip: when you are in your hotel room--look for the coupon that gives you 10% off the buffet, I randomly came across this when I flipped through the Vegas magazine last time I was at Caesar's Palace soaking in the tub.

Also, if you like even more heat, they will hook you up with some extra hot sauce, just ask.
Do you know how hard it is to find vegetarian food in Vegas??? I didnt think it would be that difficult, but turns out all people want to eat when they gamble is crab legs and steak! After walking forever and searching endlessly on Yelp, FINALLY we found vegetarian food! They have some meat items like chicken tikka masala, but tons of veg options (at least in the lunch buffet).

The idly are fluffy and the sambar is very good. The paneer was mostly missing in action and not very good when it was to be found, but the halwa was delicious!!

Given that it was lunchtime, I'm shocked that this place wasnt more crowded. In fact, there were only a couple other patrons there (They are kind of tucked away). Cheapest buffet ever! It was small, but only like $13 and had many good options.

To find it- just follow the signs, and they'll lead you into some weird sliding glass doors of a deserted looking building. Then go up some escalators and you're there!
Lunch buffet here is not attracting as other Indian cuisines.
Every time I've been to Vegas I have been wanting to try out this restaurant. So this past weekend when I was in Vegas I dragged my partner there. He had the tikka masala and I had the chicken tandoori, sharing  basmati rice and naan bread. My meal was utter perfection. The service was adequate, we were not in any sort of hurry. My only complaint is that I wished the buffet option was available for dinner. I will definitely go there the next time I am in Vegas.
Dinner prices are very reasonable.  It's surprising how busy it can be considering the location way back in a plaza with nothing else there.  They offer a multisampler dinner which gives you small portions of 4 or 5 things.  I got the buddah's delight which included a few vegetarian dishes and also included rice and naan for $21 but I didn't like everything that was offered.  I would rather just have one large portion of a dish I really liked for $13 instead.  The saag paneer was incredible.  It's amazing how every restaurant does it differently.  This was more pureed than others.  

I looked at their selection for the lunch buffet and it still looks great.  Look forward to checking it out again.
I recently went from mild vegetarian to full on vegan. I cook a lot at home because its not easy finding restaurants to eat at, especially in Las Vegas, the steakhouse capital of the world. I decided I needed to get out for Valentine's Day and chose to go Indian. I came across Tamba's amazing website and easily made up my mind. After making the reservation I read a few revues on Google and they worried me a bit, but I wasn't going to be shaken. I'm so glad I stayed with it, I loved this place. Staff was very friendly and the food was delicious! We tried the Bhel Puri for an appetizer, based off of the waiters recommendation, great choice. Then for entrees we went with the Aloo Gobi & Chana Masala. Both were amazing and complimented each other nicely, great for sharing. She went with a glass of house Chard, which turned out to be Mondavi(Nice!) and I tried one of the many Indian Imported beers. Hayward 5000 was the beer I went with and was perfect. Gotta find that at Lee's Discount Liquor, hope they have it. 

One side note, when they ask you for bread, it's not included. That was awkward. Also, parking is a bit rough.

Over all this was probably one of the least expensive Vday dinners I've ever had and also one of the most satisfying.
We had a really lovely experience!  The ambiance is tasteful, and our service was very friendly and helpful.  He politely explained the items on the menu since we proved to be Indian food dummies.  

Tamba does not open until 6:00.  Parking can be a bit confusing.  There is a lot behind Mcdoanld's...there is a booth with a parking attendant...says $5.  We told them we had a dinner reservation at Tamba and he let us right in.  No $5 necessary.

We tried the cheese appetizer served with spicy mint sauce, tamarind sauce and crackers.  It was really good!  We had lamb korma, chicken tikka masala, eggplant, 2 types of naan, and basmati rice.  The sauces on the chicken and lamb were excellent but the meat was dry in both.  The eggplant was out of this world.  Everything had great flavor.  

I would definitely go back and I'm recommending it to all.  

We spent $100 for 4 with all the aforementioned and 2 large beers.
Worst Service! The waiters did not care to check back on our table. We had to speak to the manager and they all (including the manager) were rude and arrogant. We will never go back to this place again. Food was just average as well.
Hidden on the strip, this restaurant is an absolute delight.
We have eaten here many times always great experience... this place is really good. we have been here for lunch buffet, it was great, amazingly huge. We have had dinner ala carte and it was even better. True indian Restaurant food. very falvorful and they actually used real spices. Very good quality.
It pains me to give 3 stars to this place when my first experience here only less than two months ago warranted about a 4-ish rating.  

My boyfriend and I came in here about an hour before closing and instead of being greeted with a "Hello, how are you this evening?" spiel, we were told right off the bat to order only one entree since the kitchen was closing soon.  I thought that was a bit harsh and strange as the dining area was a little more than half full already.  The kicker was a group of women that showed up about 15 minutes prior to closing and the same host was taking care and doting over them with open arms.  Guess you have to show some skin, cleavage, possibly more... to override the rules, eh?  

Service here on the whole part is excellent.  The food here is excellent and VERY fresh.  However, I highly do recommend not to order spicy as the last dish I ordered was heavily-overpowered with chili powder, but no taste.  Order medium, if you want a kick, but still can enjoy the flavors.  Portions are not big, but that is perfectly fine as they are definitely filling.  The garlic naan is good; samosas are forgettable and not worth it by any means; the korma is great; and I HIGHLY recommend the yellow/cumin rice as a side dish as it is superb. 

The other knock-off is that they automatically added 18% gratuity to the bill.  It's one thing if it was a group of people and I understand that, but for just two people?  At least have a sign at the front desk or something on the menu that says this is going to be enforced.  It has nothing to do with us being cheap tippers or anything as we both vary between 15% to 20% on tipping (dependent on food/service etc...)  I know the last time I went with my boyfriend and a close friend of our's, this did not occur.  Was it because we "inconvenienced" them by coming in an hour before closing since the tone of the voice and body language of the host made it obvious?  Bizarre to say the least and this definitely did not go over well with the bf one bit.  The redemption was later on when I won money on the slots at Paris to cover up the dinner cost.   

Pricey, yes, but what do you expect in Vegas?  $14 for channa masala (garbanzo beans in a sauce) is hilarious as you can go get a Trader Joe's frozen version of the same thing/taste for around $2 and change.  Expect to pay at least nearly $30 a person to give you a gauge of what to expect.  

Unfortunately, this last experience did not go over well at all, especially with my boyfriend.  We won't be coming back and we'll look for another Indian food restaurant avenue that will hopefully show more class to its customers when we visit Vegas again.
Bad food, buffet is for $14 and my statement had a charge of $20, my friend had the same charge. 
Food was cold and not indian
Tucked away in a quiet part of the Hawaiian marketplace, this little gem is a perfect spot to escape the hustle and bustle of the strip. Just steps from the actual strip, the lunch buffet offers a great value and authentic Indian fare.
Requested pander tikki masala per other yelp user. Excellent dish.  Solid service. Only complaint is they charge for rice.  I hate that.
It was a great restaurant. It was decently priced and excellent food. The decor was inviting.
This place is legit!! Hidden in a strip mall and filled with Indian clientele!

Went in for buffet night and was so happy! got to try everything from goat curry (delicious and tender) to chicken Marsala! Well worth it!  The buffet was big with many choices for everyone!  

Bar service needs a little help but hey, i should have just ordered beer and not a vodka tonic!

Will be back!!
This place is an exotic gem hidden inside the crappiness that is the Hawaiian Marketplace. Walking through this rundown strip mall and into a mysteriously empty building and up the escalator, I did not expect to find a beautiful atmosphere of Indian decor. I really regret ordering take out instead of staying to dine in but my friends and I all picked up food from various places and we wanted to eat together.

I was immediately greeted by a gentleman who gave me helpful suggestions on all of their vegan-friendly items. This made ordering very easy for me. While there were several options, I decided on the following:

Kali Dal (slow cooked Black Lentils and spices) http://su.pr/7Wv21z
Veggie Samosas (about 5 or 6 pieces) http://su.pr/2wAdc9
Tandoori Roti - whole wheat flat bread
Basmati Rice

One sad thing about take out is that the presentation is not as elegant. However, it smelled good, it tasted good, and I was happy. My friends were definitely peering over at my food. I even gave away one of my tasty Veggie Samosas. For the $33 that I paid, I had a full vegan meal plus enough leftovers for a second meal which tasted just as good two evenings later.
My boyfriend and I were starving and didn't want to walk very far from MGM for dinner. We found this place on yelp and were skeptical about the place since the location was quite hidden and not many people were dining in. 

Anyway, we were there last night. It was our first time to have Indian cuisine, so we absolutely didn't know what to order. Our server was very welcoming, friendly, and very informative. He made very good recommendations for our entrees which was called Karahi Chicken. It was AWESOME! It had the right amount of spice and had such a great thick blend of curry with onions tomatoes, peppers, and cilantro. Served with garlic flavored Nan. I ordered the Ashoka's Feast which consisted a taste of India's most popular dishes and that was amazing.

So to sum it up. Great service from our waiter. Great food because my boyfriend was very happy at the end of dinner, even though he was feeling down when he lost $150 gambling. Lol.
Had dinner here with my fiance when we were in Vegas. The food was excellent! We ordered Kurkari Bhindi, Mutter Paneer, Garlic naan and rice. Everything was excellent. The bhindi was spicy and tasted great. The Paneer was rich and went well with the Garlic Naan and rice. The only reason i'll dock a star from this place is because of the service. Although initially, we didn't; have any issues with being seated and all, the service slowed down throughout the night. It ended with a long wait for the bill after we were done and my drink never really being filled up during dinner. I will definitely go back another time though, and if the service improves next time i'll easily give this place a full 5 stars.
This is a hidden gem on the Las Vegas strip. It's not in a casino. You can't see it from the strip. It's tucked away behind the Hawaiian Marketplace. And it is totally worth the journey to get there. 

I think one way to judge quality and authenticity of a restaurant is by the clientele. There were many people of Indian descent here, and that made us even more excited for our feast!

And what a feast it was!  I had Ashoka's feast which included and appetizer and then four small dishes and rice. It also included naan... And this was the first time I had ever been to an Indian restaurant where i did not have to order more naan. They served plenty. 

The lamb roganjosh was prepared with a perfect blend of spices. The chicken masala also prepared just to taste. Everything was very flavorful and though try described it as spicey, nothing was too spicey.  This meal also included a donuthole dessert with a sweet caramel sauce. 

They were able to accommodate our large party (15) on relatively short notice for a Saturday night. 

If you're in the mood for Indian food while on the strip, check out Tamba!

The staff was extraordinarily attentive and professional.
Best Indian buffet I've had in my life and I'm not exaggerating.  The dishes that should be spicy were actually spicey.  Very affordable and although the building looks a little rundown on the outside, it's nice and clean on the inside.  The hostess was friendly, too.  Only thing that could've been better was the naan.  It wasn't crispy at all, but what do you expect unless it's made to order?
Parking sucks here, so try not to drive.

Once you get over that, then you have to find it.  It's upstairs in the Hawaiian Marketplace.  They have a lunch buffet for $15 which is dang good. usual suspects on this buffet and probably like 15 total choices of things to eat.  I've also eaten here for dinner w/ an Indian client of mine.  And when you eat there for lunch you will see Indians eating there too [great sign in my book!]

I love their Indian techno music.  They have a very nice motif, it's very clean, and the staff is on it.

You can be in and out of here [minus parking] at lunch time in 30 mins if you needed to be.
Only buffet for dinner tonight but still busy at opening time. Great service, very friendly and accommodating. Took our coupon for $15 off two entrees even though we couldn't order off the menu. Food was excellent. We took the advice of several yelpers and parked at Planet Hollywood where we enjoyed happy hour and then walked to the Hawaiian Marketplace. I'd love to go back to Tamba.
Legit spot for hangover brunch. If you can wake up early enough for it. I'm very critical of Indian restaurants but this lunch buffet hits the spot like a triple chilled, quintuple distilled, boutique vodka. Service is hit or miss but the food makes up for it. If you're jonesing for different edible fare in Vegas in between the $80 buffets and the Subway in that crappy casino on the Strip, this is a solid choice to soak up your alcohol indiscretions. If you shoot fire out of your bunghole the next day, it might be Tamba. Then again, it might be the result of table service at Marquee. Who knows?
Awesome Indian buffet!! Went there for late dinner, 9 pm -ish and it was still packed with people. 95% were Indians. It is always a good thing when you see natives having a meal at their restaurant :)
Most of the meat dishes were spicy but tasty.
Like their selections of dishes (salad, fried veggie, flat bread, some curry sauces, lamb/goat curry, chicken)
Good price too. Look for their coupon at the vegas guidebook-ask your hotel
Even though it is a little hard to find upstairs in the hawaiian marketplace...this place is totally amazing once you get there! We go to Vegas about twice a year and we always make a point of going to Tamba's lunch buffet during our trip. If you like Indian food this place is amazing, the food is fresh and delicious, the ambiance inside is super nice and the service is great! Not to mention the price is so good for all the wonderful food they offer!
This is second time I visited Tamba while on trip to Strip :)
Again same absolutely fine taste of Indian cousin.
Probable I would return again to this restaurant to taste it's all items :-)....
4 stars for the Mango lassi!
I liked the juice:yogurt ratio. There is more juice so the consistency isn't too rich and thick. It's easy to sip through the straw and afterwards it doesn't feel like you ate a liquid dessert.

3 stars: We shared the Ashoka's Feast which was good but not great. In my opinion, the spices were a bit muted. I like indian food that is tantalizing and I love it when I taste new combination of spices. But, Ashoka's Feast didn't do that for me. I'd definitely come back and try other entrees.

Overall 3.5 stars: This spot is definitely a good eatery if you're in Vegas and on a budget. The service is great and the ambience is warm and soothing. As for it's  location, it is in the middle of strip so it's not too hard to get there. Just walk over, break a little sweat, and stuff your face with some good food!
excellent food!

just check to make sure they are still serving your favorite things. I  was very disappointed that they didn't have the two items that were the sole reasons I came back to this place and brought a friend : Papad and Gajar Halva    :(
the food is still very good so I would rate it high, it's my fault I didn't check to see if they still had my favorite items.

also if you get to the marketplace after 7:00 you won't have to pay 5$ and call to make sure that they will actually open at 6:00 because today they opened later, 6:30ish, still food worth waiting for but...........may have been able to save money on parking and just gone later.
You will not be disappointed! A must go for everyone!
I was relaly looking forward to this place but was disappointed upon arrival to find out that they are only serving a buffet. The spice level on the buffet was low. I did enjoy the variety of food but would have preferred to have ordered off the menu.
Order the chicken korma it is to die for. Garlic or plain naan with yellow or basmati rice and you are set!
Tamba has to be the nicest Indian restaurant I've ever eaten in. The interior is extremely well done. Just had to be said.

Anyway, the food is one of the best I've sampled in the city. Quality is high, flavors are pretty authentic, and the selection is great. Prices are high like most Indian restaurants.

The lunch buffet is one of the best as well. Selection is diverse and the flavors are not watered down for mass production. Pricing is a little higher than usual, but it is on the strip after all. It's also somewhat hard to find if you've never been there.

Dinner is their strong suit. If you're looking for Indian food and don't mind paying a little for a great experience - this is your spot.
Doesn't get worst than this- bland Indian dinner buffet. Ok customer service. Pretty expensive for the quality of buffet- but that is probably because it is Vegas.
I was excited to know about the presence of an Indian restaurant right on the strip, and we were happy to shell out 40 bucks (including tax) for a dinner buffet for two of us (which is highest that I have paid for an Indian buffet!) The experience turned out to be just okay. The quality of food was not bad. In fact, the naan and Gulab jamun (dessert) were excellent, and  most of the other items, except Idlis and Sambhar were also okay (not great). Idlis were certainly stale by at least a day! 

I have more problem with the variety aspect of the buffet. I have seen more variety in $10 buffets!! The number of vegetarian entrees especially was limited. How can any Indian buffet be complete without a single Paneer entree? And Really, Zucchini as an entree in an Indian buffet !? :-o Also, I would expect more starters than just pakodas and  at least, a complimentary chai in a $20 buffet!  (Chai was $2, and wasn't good!)

Next time, if you  are on the strip and you crave for Indian food, take the DEUCE to Indian Masala! You can thank me by a "Useful" vote here later! :-)
Looking for someplace to eat around 9pm and stumbled across Tamba.  Looked it up on Yelp, and decided to check it out based on the reviews.  It wasn't crowded at that hour, but there was a steady stream of customers, many of them India.  

Food was great - lots of great choices at the buffet.  Filled my plate before getting to the meats.  At first was dismayed, because I didn't want to waste food, but I put away the first round in no time and headed back for the vindaloo I missed the first time through.  Yum!  

Not sure when I'll get back to Vegas, but if I do, Tamba will see me again for sure.

Note: I'm not an Indian food expert.  We don't have many Indian restaurants in Hawaii, but what I tastes at Tamba I really enjoyed.
From a gori 
This restaurant changed my mind about Indian food.  I'd tried Indian twice before and hated it.  My bf (who is from Mumbai) persuaded me to give his nationality's dishes one more shot.  
Most people go to Indian buffets (a cheaper and pretty good option) but I went initially to a normal meal.  I loved it!  The butter chicken melted in my mouth and I was ravenous after the chutneys.  
I'm converted.  I love Indian food now thanks to Tamba.  
note:  Although technically on the Strip, it is isolated from the crowds and meets a steady stream of repeat customers.
I must say, the variety at this Indian buffet was impressive.  Also food was good and fresh.  Butter chicken was really tasty.
I'm not too sure what is going on here. I looked at this restaurant's Yelp profile and it lists their hours 11:30 -3pm for the lunch buffet after getting back from Vegas. According to the profile they are supposed to reopen at 6. We went here around 4, not knowing what their hours were and they were of course closed. On the business hours listed on their door there was no mention that they reopen at 6. Otherwise we would have held off and waited. In a city that never sleeps it makes sense that they have the hours posted on Yelp and not what we saw on the door when we tried to go in and dine there!
Tamba...Indian restaurant on the strip
Authentic and it has spacious dining area. We had been there for lunch buffet and to my surprise I had to pay the bill before you kick off your lunch. There are not too many items when compared to other Indian buffets. 
Idly's.... too hard and totally disappointed (Most of the Indian's hesitate to eat idly's which are not soft...it's my personal comment) 
We had Pakoda and Tandoori chicken which are fine and I would expect to have more starters.
Chicken curry was the best among the buffet and also tasted couple of vegi curries chole (chick peas) and Dal. 
Little expensive for such kind of food (It's Las Vegas and won't comment about the cost).
Totally it was not a great indian buffet!!!
easily my fave Indian in the Valley. Great location w/surprisingly convenient parking (for the Strip). Best buffet of its kind in town. Very nicely remodeled dining area & restrooms a few yrs back.
We found this place one day when we were walking along the strip and I was not feeling well.  I have hypoglycemia and had not eaten in several hours.  We had been wondering around the Hawian Marketplace and I was feeling so bad I was not sure what I was doing.  We went in the building which sadly is deserted on the first floor and one of the employees directed us upstairs.  He could see I was ill and got the manager who immediately got us a table.  Once I had been seated and started getting back to normal we ordered.  I had the butter chicken which was amazing and my BF had the curried Goat.  Our waiter was shocked he asked for the goat and had to make sure they still had some but came back smiling and letting us know it was still available.  He said it was fantastic.  Our waiter was attentive and kept a positive attitude even though and indian couple behind us ordered several things and kept sending them back unhappy he never lost patience with anyone.   It was a great meal and we would go back.  At the time one of the half price outlets had coupons to reduce the price.  We also ate here on Christmas day for the lunch buffet and while it was good none of the entrees were marked and even a few indian customers questioned what the dishes were.  I was not nearly as impressed with the buffet.
I enjoyed the lunch buffet, famished after a flight. Pretty tasty, but leaning to the spicy side. A couple of chicken dishes including a nice tikka masala and good tandoori. No lamb, goat, or tofu. No beverages other than water were offered. I like the one I frequent in Laurel MD a lot better.
Had a vegetarian dinner buffet but did not like anything - neither starters nor main course.
BEST LUNCH IN TOWN...

Fresh food, well cooked curries and melting appetizers, the place is perfect blend of ambience and awesome food....

Have visited it many times and still looking forward to more visits......
Wait times are awful and the service is horrendous. Food was mediocre at best.
Best Indian restaurant on the Vegas Strip.  Very good Indian buffet. Buffet is $15 worth every penny. Ambience is amazing.
Food is subpar and highly priced because it's located on the strip.
Tried the lunch buffet. It was pretty good and had a decent number of dishes. Dessert could have been better. The ambience is amazing and service is great too!
Best indian food on Vegas strip and the employees are pretty friendly. Must visit.
The food was delicious...the service was not.  I'm not sure if our Asian (perhaps philipino) waiter did not have strong English but he would not take my order to switch the paneer for veggies.  I asked if the paneer in my dish could be substituted for veggies and he kept trying to convince me to get a completely different dish.  It was VERY frustrating I've never dealt with that before.  Finally I became extremely irritated and told him to go ask because that's all I wanted. Sure enough I got what I asked for which restaurants are usually very accommodating about so I figured he was just a bad waiter.
The little gem hidden inside the thriving Vegas strip. The buffet the previous night not only disappointed us but was high on meat. So we decided to try the Indian place out for lunch buffet, keeping in mind our friend's recommendation. The spread was apt, with veg dishes having an upper hand. Delicious, warm decor and excellent service. If you are having that sudden craving for desi food in the middle of the strip, look nowhere else.
Food was amazing and service was great!  I got a thali dinner (off the menu).   The thail is a sampling of differnt dishes. I got a vegetatian thali option which came with somosas and nana. however, I gave them my gluten-free card explaining my dietary restrictions and they made some great adjustments giving me some other great veggie options and replace my fried carrot dessert with mango ice cream.  Husband ordered a chicken thali plate and love it.  I will be back for more.

Before posting, went back a second time with friends.  Be warned items on the menu do not come with rice or nana.   It was about $4 for rice, $3 for nana.   Order the thali plate instead, it came with the rice and nana.  Food was still great second time around!
we visited Tamba during our vegas trip and it has the best indian place on the strip. the price is reasonable, food was fresh and tasty, service was great too.
Mediocre. We paid 18 bucks per person for a dinner buffet that was acceptable for a 7.99 lunch. Staff was fine.  Taste and quality very underwhelming.  I usually eat so much at an Indian buffet that I am near exploding, but not this time.  I tried it all.
How does this restaurant have 3.5 stars? The food was mediocre at best. And there really was no service, so I can't even write anything about it. 

The pakodas were downright pathetic, the navrattan korma was drowning in an unappetizing cream sauce, the naan came out of a freezer I'm sure, the saag was the worst I've ever had.

The dal was OK, but that's because it is almost impossible to screw up a dal. I did like the raita though.

The dessert was probably for diabetics. Honestly, if there wasn't a sign there that said it was kheer, I wouldn't have known. Seriously, it needed MUCH more sugar, some cardamom, saffron, nuts and needed to be made by someone who knows what kheer is.

Now comes the funny part, they make you pay BEFORE you even sit down!! What is this? A restaurant or a school cafeteria? Our glasses were refilled only once and our dirty plates were never cleared. Needless to say, I did not leave a tip.
Good food. We tried there Dal and Baigan Bharatha it was very good. Panner was ok. I am not big fan of Paneer anyways. 

I will go back here if i am in town. No cocktails on menu
Great taste on tamba Indian reastorant food was amazing and service was very good I been there last month find this place to on yelp he always help 
I go there to dinner with my family it s amazing love his food 
Spicley butter chicken was so great so many itam on Buffett plan naan great and sweet res malaie very very great taste customer service was so nice 
If I go next time In Vegas deffinatly I go tamba again 
Love his food ... Great
Worst food. They don't know how to make dal tadka, mutter paneer infact not even masala papad. They should realize idli is not whiskey, the older the better.
We had great food and service from Anand.   He had great recommendations and was thoughtful about the timing of everything. We ordered a chicken tikka korma and the aloo gobi. Both were delicious and one of them was off the menu. The tamarind sauce was great. Ambiance was good - the entrance to the mall is off putting but once inside its very comfortable.
Best indian buffet i had in sequence of 4 indian buffets the long weekend n monday..... parking is nightmare... unless some had a better idea.
Went herewith my friends and had the lunch buffet. Very limited choices. Only chicken and vegetarian. Naan was crispy...not much more to say.
Don't let the location distract you, this is a real gem! 
We had the chicken tikka masala and the butter chicken both were great!
The mango lassi was very tasty too.

I would strongly recommend you leave the standard food on the strip and enjoy this place!
Middle of the grade food. Went there with a large group for the lunch buffet. Watch out! The strip mall where they reside is actually a ghost town with this the only establishment that's viable. 

But once you get past that, the food is a solid "B grade". Stay away from their tandoori chicken or the "paalak paneer" gravy dish. My friends had a "difficult afternoon" shall we say mildly after the meal. 

They also refused to split the bill amongst the 13 of us who wanted to pay separately on our credit cards. The person serving us "suggested" that we charge it on one card and deal with splitting the bill ourselves in a not very polite way.
Place is convenient on the strip and price was $14/person. Mostly catered towards vegeterian but the food was alright for the price and location. Service was quick and efficient and the allowed us to linger for a bit while we talked and took our time with our food. Disappointed they didn't have any dessert at the buffet.
Not a big fan of eating indian food while travelling as i get enough of it in bay area, but this being a common popular place in the middle of the strip i thought i will give it a try. The knowledgeable people I asked eho have good indian food reviewing skills all told me this place is extraordinarily ordinary.  Its USP is it's location.  They were all right !!!
Our friends were feeling Indian, so we came here to this Indian restaurant. This is located in the Hawaiian Marketplace between the MGM and Planet Hollywood filled with many vendors and eateries so it may be hard to find. Going inside the building where this restaurant is located was kind of creepy because it was super empty! However, going inside the restaurant, we saw multiple patrons enjoying their food and the atmosphere proved to be very cool and modern. 

I shared an order of Malai Kofta and Chicken Tikka Masala with my bf, because we were hungry but not super hungry...? Hahaha what does that mean I don't get myself... anyways both items were really good... my boyfriend and I gobbled both of them up! Portions were pretty big compared to other Indian restaurants I've been to... also their bowls are pretty cool (they were shaped like a spoon? You have to see it, I can't really explain the weird shape right now) but need to be handled to great care as you can easily spill whatever item on your pants (like my boyfriend on his favorite khakis... RIP favorite khakis).

Waiters here were pretty friendly, cool, and funny. What I liked was that they kept filling up my water! It's like they know me... they know I need to quench my thirst.

Overall, a good time having Indian food here in Vegas! I definitely would come here again for some Indian food. Enjoy!
Worst indian food ever tasted.Price($20) is too high taking full advantage of strips .If you really want to eat don't go for indian food on strips.better to try something else.
Nice and tasty food. Reasonably priced. Great location.  Upscale ambience.  Good service.  Worth the visit.
Everything about this place is excellent. I happen to love indian food, I eat it all the time and this is some of the best I have ever had... I had the chicken Korma and it was superb! Pricing was spot on for the quality, actually I would have gladly paid more! I gave the friendly waiter a nice tip instead :)

The environment was also quiet, modern, clean, and welcoming with nice soft lighting and interesting art work that really sets the mood. It is a great retreat from the hustle and bustle of the strip. The service was also excellent, the staff were friendly and attentive and always had smiles on their faces. The food also came very quickly. I also have to give them props on their choice of bowls used for serving rice and curry, they use bowls with a slant cut opening which makes it really easy to pour/serve from without making a mess.

They also had very clean, modern and orderly restrooms which is an absolute must for a fine dining location!

A++++++ Establishment :D
Friendly and quick service (admittedly very early in their dinner hours so near empty), good food (not the best but no complaints) especially the naan, nice atmosphere inside, and reasonable prices for Vegas.
I went to this place while hiding from some weirdo who was chasing me down the Vegas strip. This place has lovely decor and a nice ambience. The buffet is $15.08 with tax, but there's not too much to choose from and they only serve water. Great flavor - better than what I had at a more expensive buffet, but I would have liked to see more variety and something to drink other than water. Pleasant staff.
Great food!!
Really like the ambience and food.
Sambar was excellent.
Must try indian food if you are on strip!!
Tucked away on the strip in the Hawaiian Marketplace area, this is a hidden gem.  So I'll admit it was my first time having Indian food.  Luckily I was meeting friends who had some knowledge about it and helped me out on what to have.  We went 'family style' so we were able to taste a little bit of everything we ordered.  

First I want to say the service and staff here were amazing.  My water glass never went less than half full.  Kudos! Our waiter was very helpful also in helping us decide what to get.  I would say he went above and beyond! 

To start off, we tried the Vegetable Samosa's and Vegetable Pakora's.  The Samosa's reminded me of an empanada except stuffed with potato and peas.  Accompanied with the sauces, these were great! The Pakora's were good also but a little too much breading.  For the main course, we went with the Chicken Tikka Masala.  The tomato curry sauce over the chicken was good! I scooped this over the basmati rice and was very pleased.   As for the chicken and rice dishes, there was plenty to be shared between 3 people and couldn't imagine eating this all myself. We even had much leftover! The garlic naan came out warm, flavorful and perfect.  

Overall I was delighted for this to be my first Indian food experience.
My hunny and I always make sure to eat here on get away day. Good buffet and nice clean restaurant. In five years we haven't missed a visit here yet on our annual Vegas trip :0)
This place was a godsend for a hungry vegan. I had the lunch buffet and was delighted. 

Highly recommend to any vegan visiting the strip and looking for a real meal.
Excellent food. 
Samosa Chaat and Aloo Tikki were some of the best ones I have had so far in America. 
 
The food overall was excellent. 
I'm really glad I decided to come here. First I was skeptical because the place was completely empty. Not a single soul was here. However, a lot of people showed up once we were sitted. 

Highly Recommend to any one.
Tamba is located in a run down shopping center and a little hard to find but once you do, it's soooooo worth it. 

We had the lunch buffet and were blown away by the number of vegetarian dishes. The Southern Indian items were less than desirable but the saag, dal, naan, etc. all were excellent!

Friendly, attentive staff too
Indian food on the strip!!! Yaya!! 
It was like visiting lil India on the strip. 
We reached here when it was 10:45PM, yes they were even letting in people when it was 11PM. 
The food was just ok, not spicy to my indian taste buds. But yes you can ask them to make it spicy.
Delicious Indian food with great service and good ambiance. On the strip too!! Samosa chaat was good. We also had aloo gobi and paneer tikka masala. Will visit again next time we're in Vegas
Awesome food & service. Everything we tried was extremely tasty. Great selection of food items as well. I will absolutely be back again, wish I had known about it sooner!
My absolute favorite Indian restaurant in Vegas,  hands down.  Try the tandoori fish,  palak paneer and butter chicken. .. to die for!
I am staying at a hotel off strip and so I tried two off strip Indian restaurants and Tamba on the strip, all for lunch buffet. Food at Tamba was hands down the best, even though the most expensive, but not by much. All vegetarian dishes were very flavorful. Decor also improved from 2 years ago when I last visted them. It was also the only restaurant of the three where I saw Indian customers, for what is worth.
This place is excellent in many ways. 

Husband went exploring the strip while I of course slept in. He discovered Tamba and brought me their card knowing that I love Indian food. 

We walked from the MGM at about 9:00 which is a pretty weird scene. The mall is empty except for this restaurant. 

The restaurant was about 3/3 full with more than 1/2 of the people eating there Indian or Pakistani. 

We ordered on basmati rice, 2 naans, 1 began bharta and 1 matter paneer. ALL excellent, literally the best roast eggplant curry I have EVER had. They roast the eggplant in their Tandoori oven which adds a smoky flavor. The texture and heat were just right.  Paneer was perfectly made.

The portions are more than twice the size of what I normally get here in San Francisco/Bay Area.

Pricing a bit higher, but it is Vegas and 10-12.00 a dish is not unreasonable. 

Waiter and hostess and bus staff were all very nice and efficient.
Once you find this place in an old shopping centre, it's well worth it.  Service was great, it was quiet, meals were lovely, butter chicken a little different from the Aussie butter chicken but still nice. Meals were large as I ordered a number to share but there was so much left over.  Very nice.
Love this place! So cute, so modern! Food portions are huge!!! Can't wait to go back! Butter chicken is delicious!!
A hidden oasis! All I wanted after walking endlessly up and down the Strip was to find a reasonably priced restaurant that was quiet. This was it! Strangely placed on the second level of a nearly empty strip mall along the Strip, you might not know it was there. Beautiful inside with soft Indian music playing, this was a place I could forget that I was in Las Vegas and enjoy delicious curry. I shared the goat curry with my husband since the serving size easily serves 2 reasonable appetites along with rice and naan. The naan bread was delicious! The curry had a nice light spice and was probably a bit too salty, but I still loved it. The lime ginger soda was unexpectedly tasty too. I could see going back here a few more times if I were stuck here longer. The waitstaff was attentive too, though there weren't many diners. 

Okay, this isn't a place I would typically give 5 stars, but it was just what I needed at the time. One request - draft beer would be a good addition to the menu.
We loved Tamba! We love Indian food and are vegetarian, but don't have an Indian restaurant in our town. So when we travel we usually go Indian. We've been out in Paris, London, San Francisco- and Tamba was as good as all our favorites! We'd never had Samosas Chaat which was exquisite (samosas with special toppings).  We have two boys (10 and 14) and all four of us were trying to plan how to go back when we could on our stay here. We had dinner one night (ordered off menu) and buffet two days later for lunch- both times it was awesome. Lunch is less expensive of course. We tried several new dishes in the buffet and we all loved everything.  We lamented our shows all started at 7pm and they didn't open until 6pm for dinner :( but we found a way to get there for lunch! The service was outstanding- a super classy place tucked away in an odd little location. Well worth searching it out! ;)
My friends and I were walking down the strip really hungry and we had no idea what to get until we saw Tamba.  The restaurant is kind of hidden in a shopping center,  but I'm glad we found it. Great service and great food! I got the buttered chicken with rice and garlic pita bread soo good!
This place is amazing. Food is great and good value too. If you are looking for comforting food with cozy setting. Its far from busy street. Navratan korma was great and Nan was much better than other places.
I was pleasantly surprised by Tamba Indian Restaurant in Las Vegas. Being Indian, I feel like I am slightly harsher than the average individual when it comes to judging Indian food. 

Tamba is situated conveniently near the middle/ mid South area of the strip. The restaurant was clean and had a very pleasant ambiance that is a fusion of modern and traditional elements. The staff was very friendly and attentive to us during our meal. The buffet itself was quite good. There was a variety of options for vegetarians and non vegetarians. The food quality was surprisingly good and there were a number of healthy options. The buffet was pretty reasonably priced for Las Vegas- about $15/ person including tax. 

Tamba is definitely one of the better Indian buffets that I have been to and I look forward to returning.
We went on a sunday and they were only doing a buffet. That turned out really well, since I wanted to try different things and not be stuck with a single entre. The food was excellent, and flavorful. The wait staff was on their toes. Someone was right there to pick up the plate when we were done with it and refilled water the minute you put the empty glass down.  Looking forward to going again soon.
Very customer friendly and generally good people, but one of our guests threw up an hour after eating here. Won't be coming back, but I wish them the best.
Not a good experience. Food is too oily. Very less non-vegetarian options.
No taste what so ever in any of our food. We ordered 3 different kinds of "shaak" n all of them tasteless. Even the customer service was bad. We had to ask for water 2 or 3 time. No one even come to ask how was the food.  Very disappointed.
Call before you go for dinner to see if they actually serving "dinner". I arrived for dinner to be told that it was only a buffet. The wait staff was unsure 'when' or 'if' it will ever return to a regular menu for dinner. The buffet table was too short for the number of people seated in the restaurant. The line was almost out the front door to get food. As for the food- mediocre. Food seems to lose its quality when plopped into a gallon pan. The nan bread was dry and some of it was burnt. Hopefully the food would be much better served as a dinner.
When I am with a group of people. They always prefer to pick Tamba for Indian food. Can't complain. Good Indian food will put you in a good mood ;)
Very mediocre Indian food.  Naans were cold. Currys that these guys serve are cheapest and most commonly available in all Indian restaurants. For this you will be paying ridiculously high price. 

Please improve your food and menu.
This was decent Indian food, it was especially welcoming in Las Vegas where it seems like you pay out the nose for mediocre food ( so they would get 3.5). We ordered a sampler platter, garlic naan, chicken tandoori and fish masala. The chicken and garlic naan were very nice. The platter was also tasty for a group appetizer. 
Ask for Kumar he's a sarcastic waiter who may make you laugh. Check-in and you may get a 10% off food coupon for lunch or dinner. 
The decor is also quite nice, very calm dinner environment. It also had several Indian families as customers, which seemed like a great sign to me. We ordered a bottle of Cabernet wine and it was about $35 per person not bad for the strip.
We went here last week for a friend's going away party.   It is a small, Southern Indian/vegetarian restaurant just north of the 202 on Scottsdale Rd.  

The dosas for appetizers were tasty and very filling, and the entree, Gobi Manchurian, was amazing - I never thought cauliflower could taste so good!  We also had the bhatura bread, which was a large, light bread that could easily be shared between 3-4 people.  The food is also served family style, so it is easy to try multiple things and share with others.  As a vegetarian, I can't think of the last time I had so many choices!   We will definitely be back!

UPDATE 8/7/07:  I have relocated to the Bay Area and still haven't had Indian food this good in San Francisco or Berkeley!
Damn. Pierre's review of the health code violations brought this from a five to a one. ICK ICK ICK ICK ICK!!!

Southern style Indian food- ALL VEGETARIAN AND VEGAN!!!!

After having a few games of Buckhunt at the Stray Cat (and perhaps a pitcher of Miller High Life...I won't front), my companion and I decided we were hungry. Not wanting to resort to Four Peaks in Tempe for food, he suggested Green restaurant-finally! A Flexatarian (def. someone who enjoys not eating meat at every meal and understands that a person may not eat meat and still like food) who understood my lactose-intolerance wasn't just to be difficult!

So we stopped by Green..and they are closed on Sundays. Damn.

We drive down Scottsdale road, saddened by the rainy Sunday night, and he spots this Indian restaurant. I pictures creamy paneers and chickeny kormas...uh-uh folks. All vegetarian and vegan!

We are welcomed warmly to a full house and realize quickly we are the only white people there (SCORE!). I order us the appetizer sampler-WHICH IS HUGE. I mean, it had four sauces (the cilantro, coconut, tamarind..and some kind of chutney), pakoras, samosas, lentils, etc. We ended up cutting them all in half and taking them home. I had the Dosai with potatos, onions, chutney, peas and spices and loved it. I love tamarind sauce and I think the staff was please I did cause they give me a shitload. He ordered a kind of dosai with cheese in it and it tasted yummy..but eerily like an enchilda. I also convinced him to indulge in the mango lassi (god, I miss those dairy yogurty drinks) and it was tasty-not that sweet and maybe a bit yogurty than necessary, but really cooled down the mouth when had too much of the spicy chutney.

The bathroom was nice, the staff was great, the decor was simply, all the Indian families were happy, I was happy, he was happy, and I had about 100 vegan items to choose from. Why the hell did I wait so long to go here?!? Please check it out!
I have dreams about the potato onion pancakes here. I love Udupi. All vegetarian and a healthy understanding of 'vegan'. The helpful waitstaff carefully made sure I didn't eat the wrong sauce when dining with friends. 

Their pancakes are huge (actually much bigger than the filling inside) and there is a large selection of food to choose from.
The food was OK.    Buffet style. 

What really left a bad taste in my mouth was
a.) Having my complete credit card number left on the receipt
b.) Getting hit with a $100 phone call charge to my credit card.  When I called my bank to investigate, it turns out somebody had charged a $100 phone call from London to INDIA on my credit card.  
c.) It turns out it was somebody from this restaurant.  

Stay away from this shady place.  There are plenty of other honest Indian food businesses in the metro Phoenix area.
Delicious lunch buffet with great naan and vegetarian, sometimes vegan, dishes.  You definitely won't miss meat.  Their dosai are wonderful, with or without the masala filling.  Dunk them in some tomato chutney for some spicy nummyness.  I've had their lunch buffet here for months and it only rarely gets old; they often serve cauliflower dishes for lunch, but they're accompanied by at least 2 other dishes for you to choose from.

I have yet to visit here for dinner, sadly.
The food is so good.  The menu is HUGE so I always get the sample platter thing because I can never decide on one thing.  Or, I go there at lunch time to get the buffet.  The buffet is always different every time I go.

And, its vegetarian/vegan, so its always an option for the veg-heads.

I love this place despite the violations that it received last year.  I heard about it from a friend who lived in India for awhile and she said "eh, it makes it more authentic."  And seriously, what restaurant in Phoenix doesn't have roaches?  As long as I don't see them while I'm dining I don't care.  And, it's still open, so I assume that they have rectified the situation.
If you like South Indian - this is the PLACE. 

For those of you who are worried about the bad health dept rating from last year - they fixed their problems and have had all inspections rated gold or silver since then. 

Most recent:

SG63642  UDUPI CAFE 1636 N SCOTTSDALE RD TEMPE  85281  E&D 10+ SEATING  SILVER 

from

http://www.maricopa.gov Environmental Services website

The lunch buffet is great - delicious South Indian vegetarian cuisine.

Dinner is fantastic, too. One of the best South Indian places I have been to - including in NYC and California. Fiancee unit who has been to Tamil Nadu state in India says the food is very authentic.
I love reading others reviews about my favorite restaurants. Regardless of the nasty health reports which have since been taken care of,  this is the best southern Indian food  have ever had. The lunch buffet is always good. There is this cauliflower dish on the menu that is so friggin good, I wish I could remember the name. Everything I have put in my mouth here as been worth telling about. If you don't need meat at every meal like most Americans think they do then try it. I love it when I go into any ethnic restaurant and see more people of that particular ethnicity than your run of the mill American. To me it is a good sign of an authentic food experience.
I'm going to marry the Gobi Manchurian. kids will follow. This food is so good it would throw my principles to the ground, but it's all vegetarian and most of the menu is vegan. thank you Udupi for your wonderful oily menu. yeah, it's not super healthy, but amazing anyway.
This is my favorite Indian restaurant ANYWHERE. 

Last summer I was in the Pittsburgh area visiting a friend of mine that is from India. He took me to what he said was the best and most authentic Indian food in the country. Udupi is better!!

The environment leaves much to be desired,  but the food is amazing. A must have is the Paper Dosai Masala. It's a HUGE crispy crepe that has a filling (the masala has a potato filling) and it comes with sambar and chutney to dip it in. The presentation is as wonderful as the flavor. As evidence, the last time I ordered it, the tables on either side of us asked what it was!

The pricing could be a little cheaper at dinner. I have yet to make it to the lunch buffet so I'm not sure how it compares. 

All in all, if you're looking for great Indian food, this is the place to be!
I thought this place would be shut down by the health department by now!  This used to be my favorite Indian restaurant (no matter if it's vegetarian) until it had a string of health inspections and violations that threatened to close its doors almost every two months last year.  Seriously, I thought it was hanging by a fingernail a few months ago, but judging from the recent dated reviews, it's still open.  I don't know if I should celebrate or be a little worried.  I try to check restaurants' stats by using maricopa.gov's link, and I couldn't get myself to dine there a few weeks ago as Udupi still does not have a good report, but then again, most of the Indian places I like didn't either (only Royal Taj consistently gets golds).

I do love the dosas here... Simply the best resto for dosa!  The gobi manchurian is quite a dish!  Love the app sampler.  Their palak paneer is the best I've had in the valley!  

This could easily be my favorite of all Indian venues, but the owners/cooks seriously need to heed health inspection reports (AND SO DO THE CUSTOMERS!!).  Come on now, how hard is it to take the time to wash your hands before you continue preparing food after you come in from dumping trash in the garbage bin?  We consumers can help keep these restaurants efficient and their kitchens clean, which translates to our digestive systems uncompromised, by voting with our wallets!!

As soon as Udupi gets a great health report, I will be back to enjoy its menu.
Before I go into details about today's experience at Udupi, I want to attest that the food I had tasted wonderful.  

My friend and I agreed to meet for lunch.  I was the first to arrive by at least ten minutes.  This gave me ample time to survey the buffet and ask the host questions concerning my food allergies.  However, before I started with the allergy questions, I inquired if the buffet came with dosa.  The host said yes.  (We would later find out, during check out, that "buffet dosa" cost an additional $4.  So, the correct answer would be no.)  After all of my questions had been answered, I concluded that only the white basmati rice, bread (plain paratha and iddly), four of six chutneys, homemade papadum, and dessert [homemade cottage cheese balls (think non-fried gulab jamun) soaked in sweetened coconut milk sprinkled with crushed pistachios and other spices] were allergen-free.  I'm not much of a "chips and dips" person (unless spinach, artichoke, garlic, and cheese and a few whole wheat crostini are involved), so my prospects concerning the buffet looked pretty grim.  While attempting to place a phone call and I wondering out loud if I should have my friend meet me elsewhere, I spied a dish containing one dosa sitting on my table.  The host overheard my asking my friend if he was going to have the buffet (yes, that was his intention), and I then asked the host that rather I have my friend meet me elsewhere, which meant that the dosa would have to be thrown away, could he have the buffet and dosa, and I could order something off the menu?  Yes was the answer.  Before I even looked at the menu, I ordered the palak paneer with rice.  He quickly turned in my order, and I proceeded to take a couple of bites of the now-cooled dosa.  The host suddenly did a 180 and returned to my table to tell me that I couldn't share my friend's buffet or else he would have to charge me for another buffet.  I said that I was only having the cold dosa, which he would have to throw away had I decided to leave, and he said that it was against restaurant policy for two people to share the buffet.  I said I understood, that I wasn't intending to share my friend's buffet entree, but that I was only having the cold dosa which my friend would probably prefer to be hot and fresh.  (I made a mental note not to come back here anymore, or at least, not to come back anytime soon.  I also thought I should have gone with the idea of going somewhere else.)

Friend finally arrived, grabbed some buffet items, and sat down to eat.  It took about 20 minutes for my palak paneer (spinach, homemade cottage cheese cubes, onions, spices, and coconut curry) entree to arrive, but the wait was definitely worth it- the spinach leaves had a beautiful dark green color to it and weren't at all mushy, the cubes of cheese were meaty on the outside and creamy on the inside, and the onions, cubed chilies, and spinach stems and other spices perfected the masterpiece.  I can eat this over rice or stuff it into dosa or pita bread and be blissful!

It's good to know that the food served here is delectable.  It must be said, however, that other than the news that the venue has been under new management for over a year now, I would not have been able to surmise anything had changed at all- invariant furniture and decor; consistent and scrumptious food (same cooks in place?); and familiar faces among the staff (even the same hosts manning the door and register).  I wish the new management sustained success.
I have had Udupi bookmarked for about three months and I cannot believe it took me this long to make it over here, especially since it is less than seven minutes from my apartment. 

I had dinner plans with an out-of-town friend and he mentioned being in the mood for Indian. The stars aligned and we ended up here. 

I started out with a hot black tea and Mixed Vegetable Pakora as our appetizer. The deep fried potatoes and veggies came with two awesome sauces; one reminded me of A-1 sauce with a little sweet tang. 

The waiter was extremely friendly and did not take offense to our slaughtering of the names of the menu items. He even made a bread suggestion and explained what each of the sauces were made of. 

We opted to go with the Batura bread, which happens to be a giant deep fried poof of bread that tastes like a sopapilla. It actually looked like a giant jellyfish when it came to the table. 

As an entree we went with my personal fav, Mutter Paneer, which was EXCELLENT, and Udupi Special Spring Dosai... basically thin crepe chutney spring roll type things. They were good, but not great. 

Our food came out quickly, the service was attentive, the prices were reasonable and I was REALLY impressed with the taste, portions and quality of our dishes. 

I will be back to Udupi for sure, this place is amazing!
wicked tasty.  friendly service.
i really appreciate knowing that there is ABSOLUTELY ZERO chance of finding meat in my food, as this is a fully vegetarian restaurant.  some stuff does have dairy in it, but the menu is full of vegan dishes and makes it pretty clear.
the chana batura is my current favorite, chick peas and giant puffy bread!
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE!!!

First of all, I am not a fan of buffets.  Usually you get a selection of questionable choices & over-cooked slop.

Udupi Cafe does the traditional Indian buffet lunch perfectly.  At least on weekends & holidays.  The week-day lunch is a little disappointing, not in quality but in variety.  The weekend/holiday lunch buffet is full of variety.

Being vegetarian, its nice to have a buffet full of tasty options without worry.  The majority of dishes are vegan & clearly marked.  Everything is tasty & well seasoned.  

You wont find any Tandoori options here, so no Naan.  But, the Dosa is absolutely delicious & don't hesitate to ask for more.  I have even witnessed a 4 foot long Dosa being served to a family, so bring your 
friends & maybe get lucky.
This was my first experience with Indian food. As a side note, I would recommend that you don't try something completely new for the first time by yourself. That's what I did - so I was the single guy in the corner looking at everyone watching what they took from the buffet, how they ate it, etc. They thought I was weird. The restaurant itself was nice - good parking right up front. I got there right at noon and it wasn't busy. The hostess was very friendly and the staff prompt and friendly. As for the food, I can't really tell you what I had, but it was good. I had a  soup, and tried a little of each of the dishes on the buffet. They brought out something and sat on the table. It was a crispy thing with something inside. I watched for others to eat theirs and joined in. It was pretty good.  I would definitely go back, but hopefully with someone that knows something about the food.
Great buffet. Although it was a little on the salty side, I'll be going back there the first chance I get, which unfortunately won't be soon enough as I live in Oregon. Everything was so yummy, and all vegetarian, a surprise to my father who naively asked for lamb. He was very satisfied, nonetheless, in the end.
Udupi Cafe is my new favorite Indian restaurant in Phoenix. Wonderful spices, intense flavor spectrum, and genuine homemade flavor will satisfy any eater, carnivore or vegan. 

I dined with a group of friends late on a Friday evening. Opting for adventure, most of us ordered blindly from the extensive - all vegetarian - menu, selecting whatever "sounded good". There are tons of vegan options as well. 

I ordered Palek Paneer (my Indian food barometer). It was spicy, fresh, and filled with cubes of paneer.  The house specialty Vegetable Manchurian are meatball-sized chunks of crispy deliciousness dripping with sweet chili sauce. They reminded me of a spicy crispy honey chicken, but vegan! The dosai (crepes) my friends ordered were huge flavorful pockets filled with spicy veggies. The light pillows of paratha (bread) reminded me of sopapillas. Chili Pakora appetizers were insanely delicious, an Indian pepper popper, & a definite "gotta try it" for any fan of spicy. 

Fantastic service. Water glasses were kept full. Waiters were attentive, and the food was served piping hot and quickly, even for our large party.

I will definitely return to satisfy my new craving for Palek Paneer & Vegetable Manchurian, and to try something new.
Okay, so I love this place too.   Indian food is possibly my favorite cuisine.   I was in Tempe for a few days, and my vegetarian self always struggles out on the highway, seeking the best experiences I can have, and always fearful of going hungry.   Well, at 9:10pm Friday night, I accidented upon this place, in a goofy strip mall next to a Motel 8, and nervously asked if it was too late to dine since they were closing at 10pm.  The owner was very welcoming and seated us promptly.   The place was a bland sun-drenched pink walled space with a buffet at the back wall.   I didn't have much hope at all.   But when our palak paneer and our Bharwan Baigan Curry showed up, the salivating began.    Perfectly prepared, the eggplant was absolutely delectable.  The spinach and cheese also very delicious.   I couldn't beleive it, this was a definite rival to my fave indian kitchen back home.   I loved it.     We had some leftovers, but no rice to go with it, so the owner gave us free rice so we could have our curries for breakfast in the a.m.   -  a definite must if you like true indian vegetarian food.    Tempe has it's Indian going on.
Udupi is by far the best Indian food in town. It is all vegetarian and has many vegan options that are scrumptious. My favorite night out involves Chili Gobi (breaded cauliflower in spicy red sauce) and Chana Batura (saucy chick peas with GIANT puffy bread). So so good. Their buffet is good too but I prefer going for dinner.
Udupi is one of the best Indian restaurants that I've ever been to (and I've been to a lot). The Gobi Manchurian (noted by several prior reviewers) and the Chole Peshwari are to die for. I also recommend their Sunday brunch even though it costs more than ordering off their menu. The only downside to Udupi is that it received some bad press for the cleanliness of their kitchen and dining room. I must admit that I saw a cockroach once at Udupi-- but, this was a year ago and they seem to have cleaned up their act. Nonetheless, the food is amazing, well priced, and offers a welcome treat to a veggie-lover's tummy!
Thanks to an episode of "Roker on the Road," I had a craving for dosa.  After a day of going back and forth of "Udupi Cafe or Taj Mahal?," I decided on giving Udupi Cafe another try.  

After poring over the dosa menu, I finally decided on the Udupi Special spring dosa, a version I haven't tried here before.  I asked my servers if the dosa and the chutneys were free of certain allergenic ingredients and was told, with authority I might add, that the dosa was OK and while two of three chutneys [coconut and jalapeno-cilantro (?)] were off-limits, the sambar is good-to-go.  (He even pointed out an allergen ingredient in the coconut chutney.)  The A-OK signal on the sambar surprised me greatly, as out of the three choices, it was the first item I'd have balked at trying (I've tried it at many other restaurants and was told that the recipe calls for a few allergens).  My server did offer to bring tamarind sauce to replace the other two chutneys.  Since I was almost salivating at the sight of the dosa and the server was pretty confident in his knowledge of chutney ingredients, I dove my spoon into the sambar and came up with a lovely and flavorful chunk of potato and a bit of broth.  Yum!  I went in again, this time swirling a bit to make sure there weren't any allergens hiding in the murky depths when I spotted *!  As if on cue, my server AND the host approach my table to tell me that I should not eat the sambar nor the dosa since they contained allergens.  Argh!  So, away went my Udupi special spring dosa, away went the sambar, and I was back to square one as to what to order, although this time I knew I had a few hours of pain and nausea to look forward to (which started to rear their ugly heads as I was signing my credit card receipt).

At this point, the host was steering me away from the dosa menu since I'd have to stay away from all that contained any filling (apparently, the kitchen staff could not whip up a filling that omitted the one ingredient that kept me from having it).  Under normal circumstances, this wouldn't be such a terrible thing as there are many other dosa options that would then be complemented with chutneys, but since the three chutneys also contained an ingredient I couldn't have (again, the chef would not be able to make the sauces omitting the ingredient- the host explained that the chutneys were made in huge batches earlier in the day), dosa from Udupi Cafe is off-limits for me :(  I decided, then, to have the assorted appetizer platter.  This would've only been accompanied by tamarind sauce had I not asked for a second option, plain yogurt, as suggested by the host.  "Plain yogurt?," I asked.  "Could you add something else to flavor the yogurt?"  "Carrots.  Is carrots OK?," the host posited.  "Yes, carrots are alright," I said.  

The three items I savored in the app platter were cauliflower pakora, the samosa, and the veggie cutlet^.  I wasn't a fan of the dense mysore bonda (various fillings of potato, eggplant, and jalapeno) nor the bready medhu vada (fried lentil donuts), although the latter was quite good dipped in tamarind sauce AND yogurt.  In retrospect, I did not particularly revel in the recurring reminders of how everything was deep-fried :(

In light of the disinclination of Udupi Cafe to omit certain ingredients in their dishes- which leads me to believe that most items are already pre-made and later plated (if you read my other reviews, you'll see just how many chefs are quite willing to swap out/sub sauces, sometimes PIQUED at the chance to come up with a new sauce on-the-fly) and the the reluctance in creating a simple chutney, I doubt I'll keep UC at the top of my choices next time I have a taste for Indian cuisine.  So many fish in the sea...  

I wish UC and its management and staff well in providing vegetarians and omnivores alike the opportunity to enjoy a menu offering up 100% veggie fare.  Do try the Gobi Manchurian- very tasty!

^[At least the meal wasn't a total loss- I did get to capture some captivating eye candy!  How I wish I had a close-up on that veggie cutlet, and that samosa... 8-)]
One of the best restaurants for Southern Indian fare in Phoenix with a traditional, sit down dining atmosphere.  Good lunch buffet, especially on weekends with more options to choose from.

Service is inconsistent.  Sometimes they're understaffed.  Cleanliness has been a concern at this place in the past, and even now the restrooms are still to be avoided.
I read the reviews here at yelp & agree with most of you... this is one of the best south indian restaurants outside India. The buffet is great, not greasy like a lot of other indian restaurants, typical taste of south india. I saw some reviews about the place being unhygeinic. It is as clean as it gets. It's possible it was not so clean earlier? 

The service was pretty decent, considering there was only one person serving! They could hire couple of waiters to make the service better. 

My family really enjoyed it. My son was apprehensive with it being completely vegetarian, but even he ate heartily. It was a nice mother's day buffet.
I went on a Wednesay with a collegue visitng from India that was craving hojmetown food.  Little selection and way to salty.  Some dishes were tasy and I appreciate the all-veginess, but was dissapointed.
Udupi saved my dupa!  I had to have an event catered and the place I planned on using could not accomodate our time.  I needed food at Noon, they didn't open till 3pm!  Shame on me for not checking, but hey we live in a big city, never thought about it!  

I frantically went to Yelp to find an alternate.  All of the food needed to be vegetarian, I'm not vegetarian...had no clue where to get good food and fast.  Found great reviews on Yelp so I gave Udupi a try.

One phone call and they had an entire catered buffet menu worked out, in my price range.  They were completely accommodating and the food was FANTASTIC!  I asked them for mild spice and that's exactly what we got. Everyone raved about the food.  The Special House Curry was especially tasty.

I will be back and can't wait to try other dishes.
I will never know what the food tastes like because they were so so rude, I will not go back.  We came in and were given a table, menus were practically thrown at us.  And then we waited, and waited and waited.  We asked a woman working there, and she apparently did not speak English and indicated a man at the front would help us.  But he was too busy talking.  We got up and left.  No one even said a word when we left.
So, I have been giving vegetarianism a shot the past couple weeks. Pescetarian may be a better word, but that is neither here nor there. I was invited to join Amber W's Vegeversary on Friday night and this was the spot she picked. I will admit, I was a little scared by the veggie/vegan only at an Indian place. Being the good Yelper I am I decided a new place to review would be enough of a draw. Kidding Amber :) 

I arrived a little late and the table had already ordered, but the server came by with a menu and I, along with my brother and a friend, were able to order rather quickly. The table had ordered some apps of Cauliflower Manchurian and Batura, which is a large puffy bread. The cauliflower was great and the bread reminded me of the skin Goldmember eats in the Austin Powers movie, but it tasted great. 

My brother and I ordered the Vegetables Manchurian and the Onion and Hot Chili Uthappam. The veggies were mashed together into a ball and then sauteed. Very good with a little bit of a kick to them. The Uthappam was a giant pancake with onions and other spices. It was really good and I could have eaten the whole thing myself. It reminded me of a potato latke. We shared other dishes at the table with everyone else. There was a pretty wide variety of dishes. Some kind of spinach, a dish with peas and paneer(awesome, BTW), and couple of others that I wouldn't begin to find on the menu without help. Rice is brought out with all of the dishes and it was cooked perfectly. 

We divied up the bill and it was very affordable for the amount of food we all got to eat. The place will not be a staple on my regular rotation, but if someone says that is where we are meeting for dinner, there won't be any hesitation going back. 

Minus one star for the sub arctic temps where I was sitting.
Udupi used to be better a couple of years ago.  I'm pretty sure ownership changed and it is not as good any more.  I agree with the other user that the lunch buffet  does not seem fresh and often cold during peak lunch hour.  The bread is fresh and hot and service is good as well.
I haven't tried many items or the lunch buffet yet, but from whatever I've had here, I would say its a decent option for Indian food. Being a vegetarian, its a nice thing to know that there is no chance of meat ending up in my food.
Vegetarian/Vegan south Indian buffet!  Guilt free conscience! What more could a girl want? I am in LOVE with the dosas.  I always wish I had a larger tummy to accommodate all the delicious food. Udupi is proof that being vegan/vegetarian can be tasty and cruelty-free. Humble ambiance, no fancy decorations.
Although I am not a vegan/vegetarian, I really enjoyed Udupi cafe, having the sampler plate and appetizers including iddly.  It was definitely unlike any food I've ever had, with a stress on mixing varieties of different flavors and textures.  Hoping to make it to Southern India sometime in the next couple years and Udupi has given me another reason to look forward to it.
Ok so it's 1 star since I can't go any lower. One of the worst Indian food experiences I have had in the US. The service would was horrible and the owner just downright rude. I went there for a lunch with a couple of friends and was informed rather rudely that they only have a buffet for lunch. This was disappointing since I had my heart set on certain traditional dishes some of which were part of the buffet already. The owner couldn't seem to care less whether we stayed or left and pretty much seemed to give us an ultimatum to either eat the buffet or leave. It being late we decided to try the buffet was sub-par. Barely an item I could think of going back for... In short avoid it if you can. The service makes its not worth it.
So here's the deal... I love Indian food. I grew up with easy access to some great examples of it growing up (partly due to my friends' parents). But since moving to Arizona a few years back, it's been difficult finding good places for some Indian cuisine.

A few months back, I was driving down Scottsdale Road and a sign caught my eye... 100% vegetarian. I later discovered that it was an Indian restaurant that was held in pretty high regard from a few of my friends and I knew that I had to give it go... I've now been to Udupi Cafe for lunch a few times. Pretty much the only thing that I would change would be it's location to Central Phoenix so I could eat there more often!

Udupi's lunch buffet is awesome (especially for less than $10)! It has a good selection of flavorful dishes (most of which are actually vegan). The usual favorites are in attendance (a variety of chutneys, dhal, paratha, etc.) as well as a few dishes that are a little more particular to Udupi (the lemon rice is great).

In addition to the selections at the buffet, you are also served an amazing curried potato-filled dosa with your meal. For those of you unfamiliar with dosai, they are the Indian equivalent of a French crepe that's made from rice (not that I'm one of them, but they're also great for people that are trying to be gluten-free). The filling aside (which is tasty though nothing super special), the actual dosa crepe at Udupi is one the best that I've ever had in Phoenix or elsewhere! Awesome texture and flavor!!!

Although I can only comment on their lunch buffet, I would imagine that the rest of their food would only be better. Bottom line: a great place for Indian food in the Phoenix-metro area (the best that I've had so far)!
I found Udupi in the strangest way.   I was talking with my friend from NE Mesa, and she told me I was right next to her favorite Indian restaurant.  I thought it was ironic that I have been driving by it for a couple months and thought it was part of the laundry mat. Little did I know, it was a little piece of food heaven.   The atmosphere is less than desirable, but the food is fantastic!  The entire menu is vegetarian and I cannot recommend one thing, because it is all excellent. They do not serve alcohol, but you can bring your own bottle and they don't make you pay a cork fee.   I recommend going with a group, this allows you to order multiple items and try them family style.
it's so HARD doing vegetarian and dining out in arizona, of this i'm sure.

we've been to Udupi a few times over the past few months (and taken my mother when she was visiting and my sister for her birthday), i was nervous the first time from reading a bad review, here--plus, it's in kind of a not-appetizing location.  

that said, everything was great!  service is gracious and professional, the atmosphere is a tad 'old denny's' but the other diners are usually a cross-section of people that you could probably be stuck on an island with and no one would eat you.  (random i know, but this one time we were there and this cool young couple had a baby and friends at their table and you could just tell they were all very loving people.  -sorry for the woo woo!)  the place smells good, and the food is fresh and authentic. 

i love the paper masala dosai--and now i'm craving one before 9am!!
LOVE * LOVE * LOVE! 

This place is a vegan indian-food lover's dream come true. It is almost totally vegan with only a couple of exceptions -- the desserts are never vegan.  :(   But it's genuine south indian, so what can you do?

The food here is amazing. AMAZING! The lunch buffet has such a great variety and everything tastes good. I wish they had even more dosa varieties than they do. 

When you drive by, it doesn't look like much. Ignore that. Looks are definitely deceiving in this case. Udupi is one of our very favorite restaurants.
Best Indian food ever!!!  I lived in NYC for a while and couldn't find anything quite as good as Udupi.  Great prices (hubby and I can get out of there for under $20 bill).  The Aloo Gobi is perfect and I love their assorted appetizer platter.  Fried goodness!  The staff is very friendly.  I've done the lunch buffet, too, which is fun and great for mixing it up if you find yourself ordering the same thing every time.  Only $8.95!  Took a group of work friends (even some hardcore meat eaters) and everyone left happy and full.
Went here for lunch.  It was a good place, but there is no meat, so if that what you are looking for, you should go elsewhere.  I gave it an A-OK.  Wasn't my favorite place, but it wasn't bad.  Lots of spicy food, so be careful.  I'm sure I will be feeling it later tonight.  The help was very attentive and they continued to fill your water glass.  Which is great, because my mouth is still a little bit on fire.
i walked in and it was much smaller than i expected it to be. the buffet wasn't too much to look at but MAN the food is freakin bomb. they were even passing out free little fresh extras. honestly the dude that said this was spicy is a wimp, cause i barely felt any kinda fire in my mouth.  i left full and happy. thumbs up, ill be back.

*note* they had vegan dessert when i was there!
Being south indian myself, i really really want to see south indian restaurants  succeed in the valley, and being a life long vegetarian I really want to see such restaurants continue.  This was my first time at Udupi, and can honestly say I went in with high expectations, and left wanting never to go back. 

We got there at 2:40 and I asked the host, if it was too late to enjoy the buffet and if we should order from the menu or take the buffet- he insisted the buffet would be wonderful.  I mentioned that this was our first time here and asked if there was anything special we should try.  he said the buffet is wonderful and that while they close the buffet at 3, we should feel free to enjoy our lunch after.  Everything looked appetizing so we loaded our plates and sat down. The waiter brought out two dosa's for us and everything had the makings of a good lunch.
BIG problem 1:
Sadly, the food was cold, even the dosa they supposedly freshly made was cold- not just the crepe on the outside, which would naturally cool quickly, but the filling inside as well.  I mentioned the cold food to the waiter and he actually GRINNED and walked away.  Maybe he didn't hear me?  who knows.

Big Problem 2:
Our host didn't tell us that it wasn't just the buffet that closed at 3, but the restaurant itself. Our waiter actually changed his clothes and left without even telling us!! I looked around for him, and the host came over and asked us "what are you searching for?" and i mentioned our waiter and he goes "oh he went home, we are closed right now, we are all just waiting for you so we can also go" so of course, we dropped our forks mid-bite got up and left- $13 per person!! when i mentioned the cold food, the host said that the food is cold because they turned off their food warmers over half an hour ago (um, thanks for the heads up)

You know, i could forgive the gaps in service if the food was stellar.  but it was eh, with the exception of the spinach kootu dish with was delicious.   I went up to the condiment bar and when i moved a ladle a bunch of fruit flies came out of the salad area- yuck. 

WHY would anyone with any amount of self-respect serve a guest food they new was cold/sub par and then hurry them out of there.  If he had just said- hey we close completely in 20 mins, please join us for dinner I absolutely would have come back.  Greedy Greedy Greedy. 

I sincerely hope my experience is an isolated incident, but I'll never go back, not will i ever suggest them to anyone.
this place is for your vegetarian/vegan-i-suppose fans out there.  food is made fresh, very tasty and spicy to boot.  their gulab jamen is AMAZING.  that's pretty much all i gotta say about that.  their dosa was good but the potato filling was plain, all in all its solid.
I'm not a south Indian, but a north Indian, But I know south Indian food, as i have lived in South of India for some time. Anyways We have been going to Udupi, since last 4 years, we used to love it soo much that we went there every week... but then the owner's changed and over a period of time, the quality of food has deteriorated... the Sambhar became thinner and thinner.. the Idlis are dry... and overall the Buffet is just the same stuff again and again.. you cant really go there everytime to eat the same things...

The staff is really good, one guy whos been waiting tables there from a long time, recognizes us and is very polite and prompt in his service.
I found this place on Yelp, and went there for the lunch buffet. Having read the reviews, I had really high expectations of the place, but was sorely disappointed. Watery sambar and rasam, hard idlis, dosas with a miserly amount of potato stuffing, gulab jamuns that tasted nothing like gulab jamuns, inattentive and too few waiters, and disgustingly dirty bathrooms---in my opinion, Udupi Cafe missed the mark completely. Their a la carte menu items might be better, but I am not going back to find out!
The cheese dosai is essentially India's vegetarian Philly cheesesteak. This alone makes the trip worthwhile, but is not the end. The curries are also excellent and flavorful. The lentil doughnuts are a great appetizer; light and puffy. The only con is that one is inclined to overdo oneself at the buffet, which isn't even really that much of a con.
Another mediocre Indian restaurant, mediocre food, mediocre service at mediocre prices. Some days can be less than mediocre. If you're craving some specific dish, and your drew lots for this, I guess it's okay. I am not sure anyone would choose to go here. 
MEH!
I love Indian cuisine and this place is awesome because everything is Vegan or Vegetarian. A friend and I walked in and ordered to go. It was pretty busy and the menu offered a wide variety. I didn't recognize the names of the dishes so the host helped to explain the dishes and that there were different regions of Indian cuisine. We ordered: 

*-Vegetable Samosas- mmmmmm so yummy, stuffed with potatoes, onions, and peas. I     liked it dunked in the yogurt sauce.
*-Poori- Indian bread, this was good with the chutney but it was a little crispy for me since I'm used to eating naan.
*-Mango Chutney- Sweet and spicy, huge chunks of mango.
*-Vegetable Curry- The flavor was perfect, spicy but not too spicy, lots of veggies.
*-Extra rice...

Overall, it was pretty good. I think that it was a little pricey for the amount of food you get. I would go back to try the lunch buffet since you get to try a variety of things for a better price.
A dedicated meat eater, interestingly enough I have found this to be some of the better Indian cuisine in the Valley.  [I am still trying places.]   I knew going in that this was an all vegeterian location and on this day, the buffet greeted me with ALL Vegan delights.  

While initially missing my Indian favorites with chicken, paneer, lamb or goat, I quickly pushed those ideas out of my mind and begin to enjoy the wonderful flavors of the various and different dishes.  I made sure to try a little of everything.  Halfway through a masala dosa was delivered to my table.  Fresh and crispy on the outside with a curry potato filling on the inside.  This was very good.  Full but craving something sweet at that point I was missing the kheer or mango pudding often available at your typical indian buffet.  

Lunch buffet and water to drink was almost $14.  Hummm I felt a bit over charged, but paid my bill and went on my merry way...
To start with, I tried 'Idli' (with Chutney and Sambar). The Idli was way off course and actually didnt taste like one! The chutney probably had 10% coconut (as compared to 100% coconut that I have come across many Udupi Cafe's across US) and the Sambhar....absolutely pathetic!!! Moving to main course, all the curries were highly reduced and were not that delectable. I am keeping this review short and sweet because you cant write much about how pathetic food was for the price that I paid. I am never going back to this place any time in my life.
This is my 2nd time at Udupi Cafe, and I waited to write a review until a 2nd visit to be sure. The service here is lackluster, our waiter actually told us that "he only works here" and has no input into the chefs cooking when we asked him if we could not have all the vegetables in the mixed pakora platter. seriously? 

The food is mediocre, the pakoras are dry and tasteless, we had chile pakoras and there was no spice or creativity to them.

The dosa itself is good, the potatoes are very mushy and have minimal taste and their chutneys are not the best quality. 

I would recommend spending more time on working on their food  preparation and less time on the wait staff telling us that nothing can be changed. As a 100% indian, i would recommend Jewel of the Crown over this cafe in an instant.
This is my favorite place to get Indian food for dinner. I could say that I've tried many things, but that was a long time ago - now my friends and I just order Chili gobi (breaded cauliflower in a spicy tomato sauce), Chana Batura (chickpeas with a huge piece of puffy bread), and usually the Aloo gobi (potatoes and cauliflower in a yellow curry sauce). 

You will not miss the meat dishes - I mean it.

I have also been to the buffet here many times and it is not my favorite indian buffet. I find that the food buffet items can be hit-or-miss. Go for dinner and you will NOT be disappointed!
As a vegetarian, it is sometimes hard to find delicious and flavorful food when going out. Udupi's vegetarian lunch buffet is AM-AZ-ING. I have yet to try anything there that I didn't like, and I am a very picky eater. I've never been for dinner, but I have done the lunch buffet many times now. They always have new dishes to try and everything always tastes incredible. The staff is always attentive, and even suggested a spicy soup to clear up my cold one day. Even my boyfriend, who is a serious meat eater, bugs me to go there all the time. I will definitely go there whenever in the mood for some great Indian food.
I was in a rush, but wasn't in the mood for fast food.  Saw this place and decided to try it out.  I walked in and its a buffet setup, I asked if I can do a to-go and how much.  Man says yes and $10, I said sure set me up.  Hands me a styrofoam container, and I asked him I can put whatever I want, he said yes.   
Went to the line, and what a disappointment, the only thing that looked appetizing was vegetable biryani and idli.  So I put a little bit of rice and took 5 idlis...plates only half full.  I asked if they would bring out some more idli.  They said yes.  Shortly they brought out some more to restock the buffet.  I grabbed 5 more...now my plate is full.  And I am on my way right?

Wrong! the manager or owner stops me and says I'm sorry but I'm going to have to charge you extra for the idlis.  I'm baffled...he explains that buffet takeout is for a variety only and not just one thing.  I'm baffled...I ask him so if I dine in, and I take a plate of only one thing and maybe the second time I get the same thing you would charge me twice?  He says no, that's dine in though.  I'm baffled at the logic here...so I went along and says what are you going to charge me...he says $9...i'm baffled $19 for 1 plate of vegetarian food!  I can understand a premium steak but rice cakes (idlis)...unreal.  I was tempted to just leave the plate there and show him the bird, but I already commited to $10 already...and I was in a hurry and starving...so I bit the bullet and paid $9 more.

NEVER again will I give this place my business...and the food wasn't even that good...it's rice cakes for god sake.
My favorite Indian restaurant in the Valley!  Great food, lots to choose from and the staff is very nice and helpful if you don't know what to get.  They have sampler type orders that allow you to try many things.  They also have a fantastic lunch buffet with a wide variety.  Everything is very reasonably priced and did I mention it's BYOB!?  We stop and grab a 6 pack of our favorite brew and come here for some gooooood grub.  It is vegetarian but honestly, even if you're not one, you won' miss the meat here.  So much food and it is all soooo good!  You don't need the meat!
This is by and far my favorite Indian restaurant in the Phoenix metropolitan area! They have the most delicious palak paneer and I love their peas paratha! I have never had a bad experience here and routinely order their food for take-out. The staff is polite and attentive and the prices are reasonable.
If you want to drink housefly go here.
Yes it is true. I liked the onion dosa and the tamarind rice and this server refilled my glass of water and I was busy reading something and about half glass of water inside me, I saw a big housefly died and floating in the water. Man, the owner billed me and went to him and talked about housefly. He wasn't apologetic in the beginning and handed me a $5 coupon for next time. I told "sorry I don't think I will ever come again".
After eating here once, I was very unsure how I felt about Udupi. Food was pretty good, atmosphere nonexistent, and service was...shy. I typically do not dock stars for the last two characteristics if the food is good, so I knew I had to give it a second chance before making up my mind. I'm very glad I did, because I had a terrific experience. Not terrific enough to give it more stars but enough to commit to being a returning customer.

The vegan options are terrific. Every dish I've eaten has had that "comfort food" quality I personally look for in Indian cuisine. I've tried a couple of times to engage the servers in providing a recommendation, but they were hesistant to elaborate with any dinner advice. Which is ok, I can make up my mind without regretting my choice. And our server/host this last time was extremely friendly and accommodating.

When I entered at 7pm there was only one other soul dipping some dosa in raita; it made me a little nervous to see the lack of customers. By the time I left at 8:30, the place was full. A very good, reassuring sign. For having been vegan in AZ for 3 years, I'm surprised I haven't been here more often. I was a little put off by the plain set up and lack of personality upon my first visit, but I am decidedly over it.
I don't really eat indian food, but this place has me converted! I went to their lunch buffet and they had the most interesting things lined up.  Everything was at least vegetarian except one item, and they had a delicious rice pudding for dessert. 

This is where the indians eat!
Well, recently we were like out of choices so we went there for dinner... But I assure you this was our last visit to this place. The dosas were horrible, nothing had any flavor to it. Idlis were dry... and it was soo hot inside, their AC was not working, Really, in AZ heat you do not care enough to repair the AC... the Nice waiter switched on a table fan for us that rotated between us and 2 other tables across from us.

I would rather sit at home with my cool AC and cook my great Indian food on my own and make it much much better than they do.
Ok what people say about service, ambiance and all that is right. But the staff is friendly and they fill up the water diligently during the lunch buffet! And they get 5 stars. The food is delicious. I've been at least 8 times-- basically every Sunday I am in Arizona. Consistently great vegetarian buffet.
I was overall happy with the food. We ordered the appetizer platter to try various things, and the only thing I didn't like was a hard round patty thing that was really dry. The variety of dips were great. I had the Malai Kofta (veggie & cheese balls deep fried, in a yummy yellow sauce), and it was awesome. Hubby had Palak Paneer (cheese & spinach sauce), and I found it bland but he said it was ok. Paratha stuffed with garlic was ok... the garlic was bitter. I've found garlic is bitter when it's gone too old so I assume that's what happened. 
Service was weird. Place was empty when we got there and the first person to the table laughed when i said we'd order the appetizers while we look at the menu, which is just odd. There were about 4 different people coming to the table so I don't know who our actual waiter was, but the only person that smiled and seemed friendly was the man who brought the food to the table. The rest were quiet and sort of like mannequins that moved. Nothing was BAD though, except for maybe the fly that kept landing on things.
When we left, one of the employees (who was missing teeth and looked like a meth head) was begging the host/manager person to stop payment on his paycheck because he didn't use the account anymore. He said he owed money in the account, so if the check deposited, the bank would take the money. I thought this in really bad taste... I really don't want to know.
great buffet. good food and nice people. I eat here a couple times a week. Check in on Foursquare for 10% off.
The best Indian in Arizona. Maybe in the country. Im a chef and im very picky with restaurants. I am always impressed when go there.
Decent selection of vegetarian Indian fare, but the price per head is a bit staggering ($16.99). It isn't terrible, especially if you're a vegetarian (or vegan as they have some vegan dishes) and want to comfortably be able to eat without worrying about meat. The selection isn't expansive and the place isn't necessarily upscale, but the service is good. It's good to try at least once, especially if you love Indian food and want to try a different side of it free of goat or chicken.

Food-wise, you've got your typical variations of dals and lentils in different cream sauces. Your basmati rice, and your dessert table of milk cake and rice pudding. 

I'm sorry there isn't much of anything else to say. Some other places I'd recommend over Udupi for typical, delicious, and cheaper Indian food would have to be Jewel of the Crown in Old Town Scottsdale and Delhi Palace on ASU Campus.
The Cafe seems to be closed for good. Somebody from the nearby business came out and told us the place stopped operating a week ago.
If you find yourself in Tempe Arizona and wanting Indian food, go here! Best I've had in some time!  Great tambla music, too. 
Highlights for me were tomato chutney and mattar paneer.
Lots of desserts but I was too full.
You gotta love this place for what it is.  Vegetarian/Vegan with tons of spices and flavor; yeah, you can tell the veggies are frozen sometimes or not the highest quality, but the flavors and great cooking make all the difference.  Beware the Sat Sun lunch buffets are a little more money.
Open again!!! Really missed while it was closed the last few months. One of my favorite places. Great lunch buffet for vegans.
Good South Indian food.  Went for Saturday buffet lunch.  Will definitely go back
= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET  = = = = = =

I'll admit that as a meatie I'm a tough customer to impress at these veggie Buffets, but Madras Ananda Bhavan managed to pull it off, & so did Cafe Krishna, yesterday.  By comparison I thought Udupi Caf here was weak.

This is a mid-sized restaurant with a simple but ok decor.  There are tables only, no booths, which would have been my preference.  The host was friendly but the smell of incense burning was sure to interfere with the taste of the food, & it did.

Over at the serving tables, there were 15 food items plus sauces & dressings.  I was also brought an ok tasting Masada Dosa with curried potatoes, & offered another one during my meal.

The next issue was that the Sambar soup was barely warm, & most everything else that should have been hot was not up to temperature either.  (If they're worried about people burning their fingers on the little stainless steel bowls, replace them with china or Melmac ones!  Duh?)

The Rasam soup was better, & there was salad as well as some puffy chips something like the ones the Mexican kids sell from tricycle carts around town.  They were labeled Papadum, but they weren't that.  The Dall Curry was pretty good but mostly everything was just "there"...  neither particularly good nor bad.  Most of the dishes overall were labeled properly as far as I know, & vegan recipes were identified.

Sorry Udupi fans, for me this one was a bit of a dud.

Weekday Lunch Buffet recently reduced to $7.99; closed Tuesday.
One of my favorite places  to get Indian food. I'm vegan so I love that there is so much  to choose from. My all time favorite is the chili gobi and vegetable manchurian. I'm so glad Udupi reopened.
I usually come here on the weekends for the buffet.  A little pricey, but I think the quality is excellent.  I'm not Indian, and I grew up in the midwest, so I won't comment too much.  Service was just ok, but the food worth a repeat for me!
It's hard to find quality vegetarian restaurants in the Valley (let alone all-vegetarian eateries at all.) So thank gosh for Udupi Caf, a tasty Tempe spot that just so happens to be less than a mile away from the all-vegan Green.

Udupi serves a wide variety of Indian food that, unless you're familiar with the type of cuisine, will require some translation help when ordering.

Be warned: the portions here are huge, which rocks, considering the dirt cheap prices.

I got the Sambar Vada, which are fried lentil donuts you can dip in a spicy sauce. I also got Paneer Pakora, fried cheese, and Poori, big, fluffy bread.

Go here for the food. The ambiance is simple, and the tables aren't exactly the comfiest. The service is also lacking (last night, like many times, I waited more than 10 minutes for a soda refill.)

But Udupi hits the spot for a satisfying, healthy, ethnic meal.
The best Indian food in the valley !
I've only been here for takeout a few times, but the staff is really friendly.  I've been looking for a place that makes good dosas and was so happy to find Udupi.  So happy they cater to vegetarians.  The Thiruneiveli Spinach Dosai is amazing!  I can't wait to try some other things!
Excellent food/lunch buffet!

We find the food to be top quality/some of the best Indian food we've eaten anywhere. We find most of the items to be vegan on the buffet and the variety to be excellent. If you are not a vegetarian/vegan, don't let that steer you away. The food is seasoned so well/tasty, I think most people would be more than satisfied with their meal.

Service is friendly/prompt and the value can't be beat. For those who eat at the buffet, each person also is served a generous Dosa(filled with a potato-like filling) that is delicious. 

Highly recommended!!
I went to Udupi for dinner last night for the first time. We had about 8 people and the service was great. The food came out quickly and it tasted great!  The staff is super friendly and the selection of vegan dishes is amazing. This is going on my regular rotation of restaurants!
I live close to this place. Used to come several times every week. Shared a dish with my husband and still very filling. Their owner changed about 2 month ago. Kitchen staff remain the same, 10 year old carpet is replaced with tile and the decor looks fresher.  I was and still am a fan of this place. Their authentic food deserve applause.
Very good lunch buffet. All vegetarian.
A tasty buffet that serves vegetarian and vegan dishes, Udupi offers a great variety of curries, starches, and desserts that will please anyone that doesn't need to have meat at every meal.  For me, usually I enjoy the veggie dishes at Indian restaurants more than the meaty ones anyways, so I didn't mind not eating meat for my lunch.  We went on a Sunday afternoon, and found a mix of various northern and southern Indian dishes.  Some buffet items included vadai, palak paneer, sauteed green beans (Sorry, forgot the name!), and veggie korma.  There was also a cold foods station with salads, yogurt, and sauces.  For breads, they offered papadum, paratha, and they make fresh dosa and bring it to your table.  I tried a little bit of each buffet hot item, and enjoyed each dish.  The dosa was light and crispy, with a nice curried potato filling.  For desserts, they had ras malai, carrot halwa, and coconut burfi.  I enjoyed each dessert, especially the ras malai, which is a sweetened creamy paneer.  It was my first time trying it, and it was delicious.  They also had a thermos with cardamom-infused chai tea, with a sign saying it could be made vegan if requested.  

The price is expensive considering that this is only a vegetarian/vegan buffet (About 11 to 12 dollars per person for the weekend buffet, sodas and iced tea extra), but there is a lot of variety to try to make up for it.  Service was cheerful and friendly, and we got a card for 10% off our next visit after paying for our check.  Maybe we will check out the less expensive weekday buffet to see how the non-weekend buffet measures up!
The restaurant itself is not fancy and does not have an amazing atmosphere, but I really love the food here. I've eaten in the restaurant a few times and frequently get takeout. I love the Gobi Manchurian, Vegetable Vindaloo, and Special Vegetable Curry. I also like the weekend buffet - it's a great way to try several different things. Delicious!
I had the brunch this time (Not my first time here)..Definitely expensive ($13) for their brunch. Good variety of breakfast items - The pongal was amazing..Idly, Dosai were just the usual. The sambar was just OK (they should improve considering it is the primary side for b'fast)..The gobi manchuria was amazing..The lunch items were OK (one snack, paratha, 2 entrees & veg biryani). Decent variety of desserts (the gulab jamun was perfect & this is another place that serves it hot)..Ordered Mango Lassi on the side & it was amazing! 

Final Verdict: I would visit this place again, provided, they improve their sambar!
Amazing! I was blown away at the variety of perfectly-dialed flavors, especially in the sauces and chutneys. My friend doesn't like Indian food & LOVED it. The Gobi Manchurian (cauliflower that puts buffalo wings to shame) is a must. My other favorite are the Dosai's, I've had a few types (spinach, potato & Mysore hot chutney which you should try on the side, it's a very intense slow building sweat but incredible) they're all tasty and come with delicious Sambar lentil soup. I recommend the Assorted Appetizer just for the sauces (pickled chili chutney, tamarind sauce, coconut chutney). I could eat this for every meal, it's literally bliss food! I haven't done the buffet but my brother said it's a trade off, can't take home leftovers but more variety to try. I was surprised most of the dishes have no animal products. More oily and salty than I like to eat but worth it.
Like Indian food?
Like veggie?
I've got a place for you!

If you're one of the V people, you know that finding a good place for your eating preferences is not always easy.  Sometimes you'll look through a menu dominated by meat dishes for one or two items that are all starch and grease.  At Udupi, you have an all-vegetarian menu with a TON of vegan options.  Delicious.  If you order something with batura, you're going to get a MASSIVE poof of bread brought to your table with your entree that will definitely leave you with leftovers.  Want another kind of bread?  That's a naan issue--they have MANY different flavors and varieties of naan to choose from.  Take your pick.

At some point in the past, a number of Yelp reviewers made complaints about the cleanliness of this place.  Those days are apparently quite long gone.  Everything was clean as a whistle and service with fast and smiling.  You even get a special copy of the Coffee News with your meal.

This is another spot to put on your list of "must go" vegetarian joints in the Valley.  I'm pretty sure you're going to enjoy it.
My  first experience of Udupi was the lunch buffet.  Being an avid carnivore I was very impressed with the vegetarian and vegan dishes provided here.  This being Southern Indian cuisine, the options were uniquely different from the Indian fare I am used to, and I was especially thrilled about the prevalence of coconut in the dishes.

The culinary journey through Southern India began with a Vada, a  donut-like fritter made with lentils.  Dipped in the spicy tomato chutney or coconut chutney, it was delectable!

Next came the Rajma Aloo, a flavorful potato dish with beans.

The Daal Curry, made of lentils peas and beans and flavored with cumin and other Indian spices was outstanding with the basmati rice.

The highlight  was definitely the Shai Paneer with a coconut cream sauce.  The paneer, so traditional to Southern Indian cuisine, has a texture and taste like that of tofu.  The difference is that it is cheese, made by curdling heated milk with lemon juice and vinegar.

Even the Kheer, rice pudding cooked with milk and honey, garnished with raisins and almonds, was heavenly.

With an endless supply of Dosai, thin crepe-like bread that you can use for scooping your food or rolling your dishes into, it was a excellent lunch buffet for roughly $10/person.

I will definitely be coming back here for dinner, and introducing my vegetarian friends to this delightful establishment.
After settling for one or two vegetarian options on menus for years it's pretty overwhelming to select something from Udupi. Pages and pages of meat-free amazingness! My dinner companion and I ordered the palak paneer and dhal curries and both were SUPERB. I can't wait to go back and try more.
Delicious! I live nearby and have driven past this place hundreds of times.... Today we finally checked it out and were impressed. The food was fresh and there was a nice variety of items. We are not vegetarian, yet I was totally content with the flavor and quality of food. If you like Indian cuisine, you must try. The owners (husband and wife) were lovely and spent time chatting with all their patrons. We really enjoyed the experience and will visit again!
This is the best Indian food I've had. My tastes are pretty basic, I'm not into risky food, and this stuff tasted great from the first bite!
Also, my wife and I judge authenticity of foreign food by the number of people from that country that eat there... you see lots of people from India eating here, with just their hands and all sometimes!
It really doesn't get better than Udupi!  Their food is amazing.  I recommend the lunch buffet as you get a great variety of food.  Dinner is great as well and the Gobi Manchurian is a must!  They recently went through a slight remodel and the place looks great.  Service is absolutely phenomenal.
God the food is SO good. The gobi manchurian is my absolute fav. I will go back to this place over and over. Trust me, even if you're a meat eater you WILL enjoy the food here!

Only thing I'm never too happy about is that the service of the manager is really not nice. He's confrontive, rude and doesn't like to admit his own mistakes. But since I hardly ever see him, who cares!?

Seriously. Go. Eat.
This is incredible food for the absolute pickiest eaters! Sunday buffet gives you an excellent sampling of the best in vegan/vegetarian food. As good as homemade!!! Friendly staff and great service
Vegetarian heaven! Love the uttapam and dosa.
I love this place! I've tried several different things here but my favorites are the Gobi Manchurian and the Palak Paneer. It's all vegetarian which was awesome when I was a vegetarian but it's just as good now even when I'm not one. Portions are pretty big so expect to have leftovers or split something. I still have yet to make it to the lunch buffet,  but I'll make it one day. Sometimes they run a Groupon, which I've bought before but the prices are pretty cheap without it. I wish they delivered.
Great food , large portions. The Gobi Manchurian recommended by our server Judy was the best. Dosas and N Indian items that we ordered exceeded our expectations. Friendly service Nice ambience and spacious for business as well as large group entertainment. With Madras Ananda Bhavan to the North and Udupi to the South of the city, folks in Phoenix wanting authentic Indian Veg fare are well covered.
A step above the usual Indian buffet places. 

This vegetarian place has great options as well as a friendly staff. We went for buffet on Sunday. They had good options including vada, upma, gobi manchurian.
One of best food I ever had. Simply amazing food.Staff is very friendly and they make food based on your requirements.
We tried paper masala dosa , chana batura as well as Saturday lunch everything was superb.
This is another staple of the East Valley that I've really missed since I moved to Milwaukee 3 years ago. 

It's truly a vegetarians paradise. I've only ever indulged in the buffet but have never been disappointed.  

I especially love the many varieties of fresh chutneys and sauces they have for you to dip things in!
I ate here for the first time the other night and this place was stellar!

I'm 15 years vegan and I couldn't believe the options they had for me. Most Indian has ghee and I can't do that but this place has many offerings I've never been able to try.Very friendly waitstaff with great suggestions and prompt service. 

Get the puffy bread and the Mandarin Cauliflower(Iknow it sounds off but its insanely good). Highly recommended!
Went for the buffet. the selection and quality was what you would expect when spending $10 on a buffet. Flavors were good, service was good, and the fact that there was no meat on the buffet was a plus.  I would recommend, and I plan to return.
after the taco's from the taco festival wore off, we decided to try out this vegetarian friendly spot not so far from our house. the reviews seemed to be consistently high. 

it is pretty standard inside, the decor is nothing to write home about. the service is good....water glasses were kept full. we needed help deciphering the enormous menu of indian food terms but were able to decide on a couple options. 

i ordered, forgive me i can't remember, but it was sort of like a lentil pancake with tons of veggies cooked inside. it had nice crisp edges, with a very moist and flavorful inside. it came with 4 dipping sauces...a coconut, a tomatoey soup, a spice-like aoli, and a cauliflower curry type sauce. i only describe them this way to allure new comers to try this place out. 

all were fantastic!!! my wife ordered the cauliflower curry but it got mixed up and they brought her basically my same dish but wrapped in a giant rice crepe! it too was delicious and ultra crispy but without breaking into crumbs all over the table. to make up for the mistake, they comp'd her that dish and still brought the cauliflower curry neatly wrapped in a to go box for later dining. 

we read their lunch buffet is really good as well. finally we tried this place and glad we did....i know we'll be back for more.
I had bypassed this place before based on inconsistent reviews, but things seemed to be looking more promising. 
The decor has some cool pictures of India, but otherwise boring and sparse. The menu is enormous! It's a little intimidating, so ask questions. We ordered the Medhu Vada lentil doughnut appetizer. It's a very dense doughnut with a crispy exterior served with a couple different sauces. Very tasty-sort of filling. 
My husband ordered an Uthappam which is like a pancake, with onions an spinach. I ordered the cauliflower mushroom chettinad which is like a curry. They accidently brought us a dosai (thin rice crepe) instead, but since they would have thrown the error out, they asked if we'd like it. So they packaged up my curry and we ate the pancake and crepe dishes. 
They were delicious! And when we had the curry for lunch the next day, it too was amazing! Huge, whole mushrooms and large pieces of cauliflower with an amazing curry sauce.....mmmm.  Everything was so flavorful and the sauces were fun to sample all the different ones! 
The value for dinner was pretty reasonable. Most dishes are about $10 and you can easily get two meals out of them. 
Service was good. Like I mentioned they fixed the error and didn't charge us for the wrong order the brought out-but let us eat anyways. We had our water glasses filled throughout the meal as well which is important when eating all this spicy goodness! I'm glad we gave this place a try!
Mixed bag of delicious flavors for Udupi. I love South Indian food, so I was excited to stop in. If you've never had it, it's pretty different from North Indian food - the spices are more potent and it's vegetarian (as if the name didn't give it away).

It's located in a shopping strip with plenty of parking. There's a lot of seating inside and the staff is really nice. A good starting menu item is the masala dosai - a large, thin rice crepe stuffed with potatoes. Personally, I thought the potatoes were a little bland, but it was still pretty good.

Another good starting item is the vegetable utthapam. I thought Udupi's was really good. It looks like a large pancake covered with a variety of vegetables served with different chutneys on the side. Really yummy.

The channa batura is chick peas served with a large piece of delicious fried bread. Very nice. Often times the chick peas are mushy and overspiced, but these were really good. I had the kedhai bendhi, which is spicy okra with rice. The flavor of the actual okra was good, but it's obvious that the okra was a few days old and dried out (especially compared to the fresh slices of onion and bell pepper cooked along side the okra). Rice seemed reheated, too.

Overall, not the best South Indian food I've had, but some good solid dishes I would be happy to come back and eat.
Delicious vegetarian fare!  Friends brought us curry takeout from here and we loved it so much that we went over for lunch.  They have a buffet full of so many wonderful choices - tons of variety and flavor, not so heavy as to make you feel like you've over-indulged and not so light as to feel inauthentic and americanized.  This is a great deal for the price and the service is quite pleasant, too.  Looking forward to our next visit.
The food is really really bad. Even the taste of food is no where close to even the worst street vendor in India. Friends if you want to torture someone please take that person to this place. This place won't let you down in that sense. 
The dishes were limited, the price is high. It was a big mistake that i went there but I request you not to do the same and save your money and time
There are some good things here to eat.  The gobi manchurian is off the hook.  The Palak Paneer is really good.  However, there are some serious health code issues going on with this place.  Things are old, were cold when I get them and were buffet items from earlier in the day.  And there are cockroaches.  I had one in my food.  Unfortunately it was in the last thing I ate.........barf. The vegetables in my curry were obviously frozen from a bag.  Things taste microwaved.
Service here is kind of crap.  I saw another table get their food before us when we had ordered before them, and when we got our food things came out with 5 to 7 minutes between.  Its really awkward when I have to wait to eat and let my food get cold because were waiting for everyones food.
Although the food is good, I won't be coming back here.  I am afraid of getting food poisoning, and the roach left me thinking about what other nasty thing I could have eaten during my meal.
Food is top, servers are amazing. Even the music was ambient and perfect for the location. Until one day the owner was there.  He kept staring at us which was rude and when we asked to take out the rest if the food he gave us an aluminum foil and attitude. Lost 2 regulars there.
Pretty good South Indian food although just a bit overpriced when compared to other similar restaurants.  The Malai Kofta is so delicious!
Been here quite a few times but this time it seemed like a lot changed the food taste especially. Service was very good...but food didn't seemed to do justice to the name of the place! Papdi chat had very less papdi and was okay. Gobi manchurian(speciality earlier) was tasting oily...the Mysore masala dosa lacked the red chutney inside n overall taste but the spinach dosa was the saving grace!
Great food! As close to South Indian as you will get here in AZ. The owner is fantastic and his staff is friendly and efficient. The buffet changes regularly and everything is always fresh and tasty. And all the dosas you can eat!!!
I had the lunch buffet and I really thought it was just ok. It felt very limited and I was left wondering what I am missing.  I thought because of the good reviews and my passion for Indian food I would leave happy but I did not plus atmosphere and service were not great.
One of the best vegan/vegetarian restaurants accessible to people near Tempe and Scottsdale. If stopping by during lunch buffet, visit on the weekend because they generally have at least one extra dish available.
The lunch buffet is really good.  Several different chutneys, two kinds of soup, and peas ( i have no idea what the name of the dish is) that are fantastic.  I come here a lot as it is taste, inexpensive and uncrowded at lunch time.
Great food .. Amazingly soft and soaked sambar vada and really good ! The dosas were really good too. Been here 3 times in the last 10 days and I think I will be a visiting  again! Service is delayed but you can see they are learning the ropes... But overall really good Vegetarian food and is sure worth the trip !
Spectacular service and nice waiters. The food was great and I got the peas paratha and the gobi manchurian. The restaurant was spick and span. Great environment and nice pictures on the wall.
Have tried their buffet lunch a few times. Just tried it today. Soft n crunchy Vadas, perfect masala dosa and one of the best gulab jamuns I have had in a looong time. Parathas needed a little more work but were ok otherwise. 

Special mention - mutter paneer. Just the right amount of spices with the paneer sauted separately before being tossed in ( are the other Indian restaurants listening??? ) . 

Please remember the menu changes daily and speaking from past experience, the food taste might vary a lot!! Will update this review again when I visit again. 

Also wanted to mention the fast service!
This place has been talked about both good and bad for many years. Mainly the bad due to poor health scores. At last check they still don't even want to participate for a letter grade and seems to have a consistent stream of mildly concerning health issues. 

Being a veg place I figured, that even a few health issues can't kill me, at worst I would get some good quality time with a book so we gave it a try.

We started with the Gobi manchurian, It is listed under dishes but it works best as an appetizer. This dish is great and their execution worked quite well. We had a massive dosa which was great with the many dipping sauces. We also had a vegetable vindaloo that was forgettable. 

Over all the food was good and no one got sick. Prices are on part with any sit down indian place.  The ambiance is a bit odd
Me and my Girlfriend have been going to Udupi for the past 5 years with little or no complaints. The food is always high quality and the price is lower than most other sit down Indian restaurants on the Tempe/Scottsdale area.

Now that found out I am gluten intolerant the Gobi Manchurian is out (which is my favorite dish). The menu is very easy to navigate if you require Gluten Free options, the waiters are also very nice and will help accommodate almost any dietary concern. I also recommend the spinach dosai, extrra hot if you can handle it.
I ate at Udupi on a Friday night when other vegan restaurants in the area were much too crowded. There was immediate seating here with room to spare in the meticulously clean dining room.

I've heard a lot about Udupi's buffet, but I was here well after buffet hours, so I ordered an appetizer and an entree: vegetable samosas with aloo gobi.

One plus is that #vegan menu items are clearly marked with an asterisk, making ordering quick and easy. However, even some vegan items are served with yogurt on the side, so be sure to avoid that. It was no problem for me, as the chutney and tamarind sauce served with the samosas were tasty when paired with the curry as well.

The samosas were served quickly after ordering and were pretty good. I wouldn't say they were amazing, but I would order them again.

The aloo gobi was fantastic. The cauliflower was perfectly tender and not over-cooked as is easy to do. The ratio of vegetables to curry was great--more than enough substance in this vegan entree for my stomach. My only regret is ordering it with a medium spice. Mild probably would have been perfect.

Service was quick, friendly, and attentive without being invasive. Even the restrooms were surprisingly well-maintained.

I would recommend Udupi to anyone looking for a clean dining experience and a craving for Indian food. Their vegan offerings are numerous and I can't wait to try the lunch buffet.
One of the best vegetarian food restaurants in the Phoenix Metro area. Udupi has been a staple of me and my family for over 5 years now. The lunch buffet is always well stocked with a variety of rotating menu items and the full menu fare is likewise excellent and reasonably priced.
I had lunch here just last week and I forgot to post my review. So, I was really surprised at how delicious everything was. I'm a vegetarian and find it difficult to find eating places that have more than one item for me to choose from. The waitstaff was very pleasant and helpful- very courteous. The best dish was the okra, not sure the name of it, but it was awesome! Pricing for the buffet is reasonable and I will definitely return, and bring more people with me!
I have a South Indian food addiction.  I travel a lot and had previously sworn the only decent places to eat it are in Singapore and South India.  But I am really impressed with the quality and flavors here. Everything was really fresh, the chutneys & sambar flavorful, and of all things, the masala chai was off the hook.  Everything is pure veg, so you know the chefs are legit and it shows.   I used to be "meh" on Phoenix but now I can't wait to come back just to eat here again.
Ok this place is a solid 3 stars but not quite 4. I want to come back and order off the menu and try something made to order.  I tried the lunch buffet and it was pretty good. The wait staff was ber attentive and checked in with me throughout my meal. Even after I paid, the wait staff checked in on me. The highlights for me were the spicy mushrooms and the coconut chutney. They have a chutney bar, which I truly appreciate. The freshly made dosa (for every diner) was a nice touch. I look forward to my next visit to hopefully give another star.
So far in Phoenix area this is The place for Indian (south). Never been to one place so many time specially Indian . This place is worth every $.
Vegetarian South Indian Buffet...

I've been a fan of Indian food since my first taste of Aloo Gobi, and being a west-sider, I am very rarely in this part of town, however this little gem is worth the trip.

Being in the East Valley for a meeting with my vegetarian co-worker, we couldn't pass on trying out this place.  After one trip to the buffet, we were not only hooked, we were already full.  

I have  been to a lot of Indian buffets around town, and this one introduced me to a lot of new items, and tastes, I had never experienced before.  Being strictly vegetarian (and some vegan), you did not have all those "regular" dishes you find in the other buffets (tandori chicken, lamb curries..etc.), so they were replaced by new and exciting delicacies.

The mushoom tikka masala was so go, I could have pulled my chair up to the buffet and stayed for the day.  We were also introduced to Dosai, or rice crepes, this variety filled with potato and onion.  

If you happen to find yourself in this part of town, a visit here is something you will not regret.

OH...One last thing...

You know how they say that you can tell an ethnic restaurant is good if "they" eat there.  Well during my visit, ALL the other guests were Indian!    

'Nough said!
Absolutely love this place for the vegetarian lunch buffet!  The food is delicious and the dosas are the best I've had.  Staff is friendly and helpful.
My partner and I were so thrilled to find this place on the Happy Cow app!  It is so difficult to find good quality vegetarian/vegan restaurants in the Valley.  This place was amazing!  The food was incredible.  The staff was very attentive and friendly.  I just wish it was closer to home and I would be here all the time.
Six of us for dinner - adults and teens - fabulous food - we'll definitely be back. Vegan & vegetarian dishes so tasty. And very reasonably priced.
Every time we drive by Udupi Cafe, we think about stopping in & finally we got the chance to! We were really hoping for the buffet, but they only have that in the morning (11am-3pm daily).

After browsing the menu, we opted for the vegetable manchurian & the South Indian Thali. The Vegetable Manchurian was really tasty & was a very large portion (it was definitely priced well considering the quantity); the manchurian was a not very spicy, which I appreciated as I'm not a huge fan of spicy food (silly, I know, considering South Indian food is always really spicy). The South Indian Thali was very large as well & contained really spicy items ... It was also worth the money.

The service was good - it wasn't very busy on the week night that we went on & they had a new waitress - she asked us a couple of times if she could get anything out of the way when there was clearly still food remaining on all the plates - we didn't mind as she did note it was her first day. We'd definitely recommend this restaurant & will be back!
After having tried a few more Indian restaurants around the valley I decided to update my review, previously 3 stars to 4. While their lunch buffet is quite good I find dinner and ordering off the menu to be the key to making Udupi shine bright among its competition. 
I was able to overlook the plastic soup spoon that accompanied my Indian tea and the slightly rancid coconut chutney, upon tasting their house made Indian pickle.  This is only one of 2 places in the Valley I know of that makes their own pickle. [Indian Paradise on N Hayden in Scottsdale is the other].  
So many items to choose from on the menu and all spiced more authentically than more mild/bland (relatively) buffet offerings. 
Definitely get one of their Dosa/Dosai (we shared one among 3 of us) and if you are a vampire don't order the Garlic Paratha, garlic lovers and those looking to boost their immunity will appreciate the generous amount of garlic.  
Don't let the fact that it is vegetarian scare you, believe me you won't be missing the meat with all the great flavors and textures.
Best Indian I've had in the valley. Lunch buffet is outstanding. I'll definitely be back.
I've always liked East Indian food......moderately, that is. it's not a cuisine that I'd turn down, but it's never been one I'd seek out, either. That is until I discovered the Tandoori Village. Now.....mmmmm, I'm thinkin' Indian.

At the SE corner of Bell Road and 43rd Avenue, happily enough in my immediate neighbourhood, the restaurant is established in a freestanding building that has been, to my knowledge, occupied by half a dozen other restaurants over the past dozen years. Let's hope the TV hangs in there...I have dined and lunched there half a dozen times over the past few months, and have yet to be disappointed with anything off of their menu. It's ALL been good, from the garlic naan to the lamb tandoori. Vegetarian fare is listed on the menu, though I've never tried it. Chai (milky tea) is available from the counter, comp'd.

Interestingly, unlike any other East Indian restaurant I have patronized, the management of the TV do not offer a lunch buffet. I heard one of the owners comment that to do so would 'dumb down' the quality of his food. Given the results from his a la carte menu, I'm not about to argue with the man.

The ambience isn't much....about what you'd expect of a Denny's, really. The service can be bit amateurish and clumsy, the serving staff being composed, apparently, of work-study teenagers from the nearby high school. Still, they're friendly and do try hard. Curiously, the waitstaff are about the only Anglos you'll see in the place. The kitchen folks and virtually all of the patrons, from my observation, are East Indian....which says something about an ethnic restaurant.

Good stuff! The place has been there for about a year, and one hopes they'll be there for many to come.

It's lunchtime. Hmmm....I'm thinkin' Tandoori Village.
Only been here once, and once was enough. The place is absolutely crap. Not that I typically care about decor, but it was dingy as hell inside - in fact, your bog standard Denny's is like a Taj Mahal by comparison.

As others have commented, there was some ethnic fair-skinned girl on duty when we went. I know she was Ukrainian because the couple behind us picked up on the accent (which was almost too thick to understand) and asked her. Not exactly authentic, but then again that's something else I'm not typically concerned with.

What I am concerned with, however, is food quality - in particular places that skimp on stuff. I got a saag dish - can't remember what it was, probably beef or aloo - and it was completely drowned in the saag (pureed spinach). Wife got the butter chicken, same thing - 80% sauce, 20% meat. And the taste was just a-ight, nothing special at all which made it even more annoying. I could have cooked the same thing at home for a tenth the price.

During the course of the meal, I noticed something which looked like a black beetle with its innards spilling out. I've seen plenty of cardamom seeds in my time, but the ones I'm used to are khaki-ish-greenish in colour and a lot smaller than this was. I called Ms Ukraine over and asked her what it was. She - get this - gave me a scared expression and said in her halting English "I.. not know! don't eat it!!" then scurried off. Don't eat it?! I had a sniff of the seed and it was definitely a cardamom - evidently a Giant Black North American Cardamom. Frankly, looking at the place I wouldn't have been surprised if it -was- a beetle.

Never going back. I wouldn't have even if the server HADN'T have advised me not to eat the food. Best Indian on the west side remains Tandoori Times II on NE cnr 57th and W Bell, and even that's a far cry from what I've had in Sydney and San Fran. I second Mr K.'s observation - avoid this place.
One of the dirtiest places serving Indian Cuisine I've ever visited.  There were food crumbs everywhere on the floor.  The decor is from the 1970's, very worn down, and just not the sort of place that you want to visit... to eat.

Bread was alright, but food was bland.  Server pointed out the owner to me and this person was certainly not Indian.  Servers were caucasion kids (teens maybe?) and knew little about the food.

Insane prices considering everything else.  Not a great part of town either.
Since I can't study right now, I might as well write the review of the restaurant that is to blame for my current state.  I took a dinner break and met a friend of mine at Tandoori Village.  I was thrilled, since I haven't had Indian food since moving to Arizona.  I still can't smell quite right, but even so, I could tell that this place smelled good.

Now, the other reviewers are right with one thing.  The place isn't much to look at.  But it's not a theme restaurant or some fancy-pants hipster fusion restaurant, so I'm not gonna knock it for that.  They were playing Bollywood movies on the tv, and that was enough for me.

If you like nan, it's good enough here to make it worth the trip.  We had some potato, some onion, and some garlic nan.  I've never had garlic nan before.  It was one of the most garlic-y things I'd ever eaten.  Aside from the fact I'm gonna kill any vampires within a mile, it was fantastic.

The main dishes were all also good.  The Chicken Tikka Masala and Chicken Curry dishes were delicious and had enough kick that it helped clear my head.  And the paneer was a wonderfully mild contrast between the two spicy dishes.  All the food was presented well (as well as Indian fod can, to be fair) and everything was clean.

For what we paid, we got a lot of food.  Even so, the late-evening food coma that's keeping me from studying may cause some grief later.  Ah well, at least it was for a good meal.
This is a Pakastani restaurant trying to serve Indian food. So like all Pakastani restaurants, they make great meat dishes and their vegetable dishes are poor imitations. The curries were great and so is the naan. The food here is good but it has several flaws. The place is dirty and deserves notice. Yes, I don't need a fusion restaurant or copper utensils but a restaurant should be cleaned and not have table cloths that are stained with the previous diners food leftovers or have food on the floor or seats. The vegetarian dishes are classically unspicy, lacking flavor and not cooked well. Nonetheless, it is a good deal and the food is cheap. If you can deal with your water glass never being refilled and slow service, it's not a bad place. If you are a vegetarian or an Indian food snob, avoid.
In all of Phoenix, this is my favorite over all Indian place. We try to go there once a month since we live in the East Valley so its about a 45 minute drive. But when we get there, we have amazing food.
Our favorite are the Tandoori Chops and the Lamb Boti Masala w/ Garlic Nan. The Tandoori Chops are to die for and I haven't had better ones yet. 
Simply amazing!
When I enter a south Asian - Indian or Pakistani restaurant for lunch I a really want a buffet. I got the coconut chicken curry which was really good. I did however upgrade the plain naan to a kheema naan , the naan itself was great but I found the kheema a bit salty and the next time I would recommend just to get the naan as it is . Other than that it was a good experience.
After living abroad for a few years, a favorite treat for my husband and I became Indian food. Once we moved back to Phoenix, I was determined to find a decent Indian restaurant.

After trying several disappointing restaurants throughout the city, I am pleased to say I found an excellent choice a few minutes from my house.

The restaurant is usually near empty when I've gone in for dinner. That worried me at first, but now I consider it an undiscovered gem. 

I was glad to see that a buffet was not offered because in my opinion, quality matters more than quantity.

My husband and I order the same dishes every time we dine here. My husband is Iraqi and a lot of Indian cuisine mirrors some of his favorites. Although he has tried a couple of different items in the past, we always orders Lamb Biryani and Naan. There is definitely no shortage of food here. We are stuffed silly by the time we leave.

My favotie dish to Chicken Tikka Masala with a (massive) side of rice. It doesn't get any better in my opinion.

The decor is plain and the staff isn't overly friendly. The service isn't impeccable but the food compensates for it.
THE GOOD:

Good interior design. 

Located in a really prominent place. 

Quick service. 

THE BAD:

Some of the curries are really diluted and the quantities are served are less.
 
The Indian breads are not only overpriced but also taste worse off when compared to Tandoori Times 2 which is a nearby competitor. Times 2 also has my favorite bread, Chilli Naan, which I is not available here.

Amongst the appetizers, the Samosa is good but the aloo tikka is really bland and poorly cooked. 

Overall, I would suggest other local alternatives such as Tiffin India for takeaway and Tandoori Times 2 for dine in.
Okay, the place does not have the best atmosphere or decor .... but the food is pretty tasty and the prizes are reasonable. Good place to go for a casual, quick bite to eat.
My wife and I just moved to this area from the east valley where we were near the best indian restaurant in the valley in Guru Palace at Baseline and gilbert rd.  This was some of the worst indian food I've ever had, and this is in no way to demean the amazing meal I had there but I have had better indian food at Taste of India in Fargo North Dakota. We got take out so I can't speak to the atmosphere but when I walked in there was one other person there and the owners. The Garlic Naan was more like pita bread it didn't feel or taste like it was cooked in a tandoor and was thick. I would say they bought it somewhere and just reheated. My wife got the staple-Chicken Tikka Masala...I make better chicken tikka masala. The jew from ny makes better chicken tikka masala then Tandoori Village. There were 8 count them 8 chunks of chicken and a sauce that was filled with whole spices and the wrong kind of chunky. No Onions, no peppers just bits of bay leaf and whole cardamom pods. It was pretty gross. I ordered the Tandoori Lamb chops as I'm a lamb lover and thought this would be a good thing to try since I don't see it on too many menus. My $14 dish was 3 skinny chops and one massive...I don't what kind of portion that is but it's not a $14 dish portion. This was our first and only time being a patron of tandoori village. I can't wait to try tandoori times as it's closer and has to be a vast improvement on this awful meal.
This was hands down the best Indian food I have had to date. I had sort of given up on Indian food with most of the restaurants in the Seattle area going to a lunch buffet which is just luke warm gross food like every other buffet I have tried. 

I didn't want to spend a lot of money and most of their food is $10 and above so I got the $7 Tandoori Chicken wrap. Sweet mother of Ganesha this was amazing! Tandoori Chicken, vegetables and spices in a very hot very fresh Naan wrap. 

The service was polite and prompt. The place seems to be mostly frequented by the local Indian populations (we were the only non-Indian people in there). 

Being a family restaurant, expect to have kids all around you, being kids.   

On a side note and I am not sure if this adds or subtracts from the over all authenticity of the experience but the smell coming out of my ass today is like a Mumbai slum! (so I hear) Woooooo Weeeeee........
Very disappointing taste... Presentation of dishes is very bad... Ambience is Ok... Service is average...

This is in comparison to so many indian restaurants we ate in US.
Dine date : 2012Feb10
Hope they improve it soon.

Full Details below:
4 of us went, 2 vegetarians and 2 non-vegetarians
Pakoda - Made of only Potato not cut properly. Generally we expect Onion/Gobi.

Chicken Tikka - Tastes good, juicy and nicely marinated. Lacks presentation. The onions provided are not seasoned and are White Onions. Specifically order for more spicy(hot) but we got it very less spicy dish.

Chicken Biryani - Specifically ordered for less spicy and its too spicy(hot). Has lot of peas and less chicken. No coriander added. Chicken is well cooked but the dish lacks many ingredients. Doesn't feel like a biryani.

Mutton Biryani - Specifically ordered for less spicy and I was sweating heavily by the time I left. Again too many peas and less Mutton. Mutton is tender and cooked well, but the dish as such does not have that biryani taste.

Vegetable Biryani - Except for Potato and Peas, there are no more vegetables. C'mon... at the least we expect a couple of Gobi and carrot pieces. 

The side of Raita provided is horrible. There are no cut onions/tomato/coriander/green chili in it. Its plane yogurt mixed with lots of water.

Dal Makhani - Nice taste and proper quantity.

Basmati Rice - Not properly cooked. Is cooking plane rice so hard..??

Soft drinks - they do refill it, but the soda doesn't have proper soda in it.... its like as if  you leave a coke bottle open for 1/2 hour and drink it.

Pricing - Reasonable and equivalent to other Indian restaurants. 

Service - Good. The waitress is very presentable, doesn't bother to give us choices. Also doesn't bother to tell our specific needs to the cook. Seriously..?? I can have that in a buffet or in a fast food joint..

Finally my friend giving us the treat, decided he will take us to a better restaurant again. Everyones disappointed.
I see folks dissing this place because it's 
in the shell of some old diner type place. No
shit, Sherlock. This wasn't formerly the Taj
Mahal but who gives a rat's derriere anyway?
I come here for the food. Once after eating
here I tried all the other Indian restaurants
in the neighborhood. They were just ok in 
comparison. A few have even gone out of business
since then. One of them that shares the first part
of the name had food so bland the only flavor
seemed to be salt. Even the rice it came with
was just plain - like it was minute rice or
something. And on top of that, they had a really
obnoxious belly dancer. What the heck is up with
that? A belly dancer? Isn't that like walking
into Lolo's and seeing freaking Riverdance being
performed? But back to the Village... Parking here 
is always easy - lots of space. Often times my 
group is the only group of people not of South 
Asian origin. That usually speaks to authenticity 
if you go for that sort of thing. Love their mint 
chutney dip for the papadams. The other dip that 
comes with them is too sweet - I usually leave it 
alone. They have a guy that's got a Tandoori oven 
and knows how to use it. Any of the Naans are always 
a sure thing. I'm a sucker for Vindaloo though. I've 
tried this same dish in multiple places in the general
vicinity - several square miles or so - and haven't 
found one that has just the right flavor like the 
way this place makes it. If you get bored while eating,
you can catch up with the latest Bollywood hits playing
on the TVs in the place. Don't forget to take a spoonful
of after dinner mint/fennel seeds combo to freshen your
breath before you leave.
Hands down one of the best Indian places I've been to.

When it comes to restaurants, I'm more of a food-over-service kind of girl. The service, decor and ambiance don't really matter to me so much as a good meal does.

This place is nothing to look at. I think it was a fried chicken shack before Tandoori Village took over it- and it still looks like it. The waiters are teenagers du jour and are acceptable, but you might have to flag one down to get your chai or water refilled. But like I said, that hardly matters when my 5-star review is all about the food.

To start, order hot chai. It will come unsweetened and very hot- but stir and stir with sugar while you wait for your meal. You'll find yourself strangely addicted to a second cup, even if you don't like whole milk (I detest it and this is the only time I drink it.)

The naan basket is fantastic- a variety of flavored naans, onion, garlic, potato. Also fantastic is the papadum- it's like a flat crispy cracker flavored with Indian spices. Try it with the two chutneys- the green one is mint and hot, the other is sweeter and earthier. Also try mixing them!

I love the palak paneer- a spinach dish made with Indian cheese- and the basmati rice. The vindaloo is also amazing. Their curries and "sauce dishes" will share a little easier than their tandoori or grilled dishes- get a variety of sauces and meats and trade around the table for a little sample of everything. I always leave a little high on spice and very satisfied. 

It's nothing special to look at, but it really depends on what you go in wanting. If you want a "slice of India" complete with belly-dancers and ornate carpets, you might want to try somewhere else. But for fantastic food at reasonable prices...this is your place!
Best Indian food I've had. What the atmosphere lacks gets more than made up for in their quality of food. No complaints with this place. I'd come back in a heartbeat even if it's on the other side of town.
I loved food. My first time here. Great service. Fresh veggies. Fresh meat. Loved it. I'm coming back for sure.
I really liked this place ...sadly the other day I stopped by they are closed.
CLOSED, as of the end of 2012. Bummer.
Indian food is one of my all-time favorites. My experience is based on growing up eating at NYC's Curry Row (6th St B'twn 1st and 2nd Ave) then the few years in my late 20's living in Dirty Jersey I was exposed to a ton of great Indo-Paki restaurants. So, Why the background information? Simply put I'm cynical and spoiled and didn't expect the desert to have such BOMBay (ha-ha) Indian restaurants... But we do!
Okay, If Indian cuisine was bad Karaoke (metaphorically speaking.) and there was a contest like...American Idol; and I was on a panel with Simon, Paula, and Randy I know we would unanimously vote Mantra Masala-Healthy Cuisine from India, to be the next American Idol.
 There's never a wait and the prices are fair. (Dinner price-appetizer, variety of Nan, main course and drink 20-30$ per plate.) The service is prompt and extremely friendly. Tonight we brought a newbie to Indian cuisine and the owner (I think she was the owner?) She was nice enough to explain what's what to our friend. 
 Tonight I had the Chicken Vindaloo and I'm still thinking about how awesome it was. The Nan & Onion Culcha is made on site, piping hot and oh so good. The Samosa mixed appetizer is one you can't go wrong with. I gauge my restaurant on the Chicken Tikka Masla and Mantra Masala passes with flying colors. The Tikka & Tandoori is spiced perfectly and always juicy. The Mango Lassi and their Taj Beer are excellent (probably not together.) This place is extremely Vegetarian friendly.
 I'm psyched they are getting ready to start a lunch buffet next week. The place has doubled in size within the last couple of months. It's a clean place with a dark and cozy atmosphere. The decor is a lot more modern then any other place I've been. 
 If you like Indian food you will be addicted to Mantra Masala.
The food was awesome. Do I really need to say more than that?

OK, so since my family is all about take-out lately, I can't review the restaurant's atmosphere, or wait service, but strictly reviewing the food it was a little plate of heaven. Well, make that a big plate.

I ordered the Chicken Sag and Spinach Nan (Yeah, I'm a big spinach fan). The Sag had the wonderfully creamy, soothing taste I was hoping for. That dish is my comfort food. The Nan was freshly baked and piping hot. My husband had the Lamb Vindaloo and Aloo Paratha. The Aloo was slightly underseasoned for me, and my husband always orders things "hot," so the Vindaloo was good, but too pungent for my taste. Not for the faint of heart. The flavor was right on, though.

All the food had the complex and earthy Indian spice combination that I've never been able to recreate at home, but love so much. I'm so jazzed about this place. They're a little out of the way. I would have driven right by them if I hadn't known that they're set back off of the road behind another business (sorry can't recall which one). If you like Indian cuisine definitely go give Mantra Masala a try. Let's keep these guys in business!
After an emergency room visit, there's nothing like good Indian food to life the spirits. This place is tucked away in a strip mall- in the back corner even. I've had left overs for 3 days now and am totally lovin' it.

The Paleek Paneer was awesome and they were very generous on the big cubes of cheese. I also had the Lamb Mantra which I'll happily order again.

I only wish the prices were a little less and they were so far OUT west!
One of my friends has been to India recently, and she recommended Mantra Masala as a place to go for Indian food.  She said Mantra Masala definitely served dishes reminiscent of those she had in India, and I decided to give it a try. I've been to another Indian restaurant called Tamba before, and I wanted to see how Mantra Masala was like in comparision to my experience at Tamba.  I went to Mantra Masala recently for dinner with some friends.  This restaurant is small and hidden away, so we almost missed it.  The restaurant was smaller than I expected, and the lighting was quite dim, with ethnic music playing quietly in the background.  My friend had the Vegetable Samosa as an appetizer and the Lamb Vindaloo.  My other friend had the Lamb Mantra and the Taj Mahal beer.  My best friend and I shared the Chicken Biryani.  All four of us also had the Garlic Nan and Spinach Nan.  The Chicken Biryani was a bit mushy and not that remarkable.  My friend liked her Vegetable Samosa, but she didn't like her Lamb Vindaloo that much.  I tasted the Lamb Vindaloo, and I actually liked the potatoes in the dish, and the lamb was pretty tender.  The Lamb Mantra was pretty good, nice and spicy, and we also liked the Spinach Nan dipped in the yogurt they gave us. I gave Mantra Masala 3 stars because I felt that the dishes I tried here just wasn't as flavorful as the ones I tried at Tamba.  Furthermore, in comparison to Tamba, the portions were quite small but very pricey!!!  Despite all that, we had a decent time here overall.
Cant believe i've been living in the general area for months and never seen this place. I found it due to the taco bell on a day i was in a hurry to get to point B. 

One thing that really surprised me was the price of everything. Sucks when you're a penny pinching college student who's hungry as hell. Regardless i asked for a chicken tandoori. The cook was handling my order and recommended i get the day's special instead which was only 13.95. Being hungry i didn't care and the faster i can pay results in the faster my food arrived.

Chicken...Special (13.95)
I'd never thought i'd be using this word to describe Indian food but here it goes, This dish was a bit bland at first. Not bland as in lacking flavor, it had plenty of that. A few heavy pinches of kosher salt fixed it right up. No clue what it was called but it was hardy with a rich flavorful sauce, large cuts of tomatoes, onions, and the deboned chicken. 

Garlic Nan
Very strong garlic presence. nice and coarse hunks of garlic on top of the nan. Could have been crispier. It was a bit soggy but could have been from the to go bag.

Overall this place is pretty good and with it's close location it can easily become a regular for me. From 11am - 2pm is their lunch specials and dishes are advertised at or around 6 dollars.
This was a very enjoyable dining experience. Like others have pointed out, this restaurant serves incredible Indian cuisine. Being somewhat of a connoisseur of ethnic cuisines, I was pleasantly surprised by how close to the "authentic" Indian cuisine this place was--almost like you were in India itself!!! Many vegetarian options which were flavorful and yummy! Chicken Masala was out of this world as well. Naan was fresh and full of flavor as well. The owner was nice enough to point out that they don't use any unnatural oils and saturated fats in their cooking--indeed their food tasted healthier than most Indian places without the aftertaste of "not-so-fresh" ingredients and oils. Decor was very nice and elegant. I was very impressed considering the shopping center location. Service was average, nothing too incredible here, but the people were friendly. PRICES!!! are incredible. We ate two lunch specials with quite a few inclusive dishes and paid under $20!!!! I was very happy with my bill and tipped accordingly. They offer A+ lunch specials and dinner prices are also very competitive. I am pleasantly surprised that this restaurant already has so many great reviews as the couple of times I've been here, our party was the only one at the restaurant. Let's keep Mantra Masala in business, as it is the best Indian restaurant in Vegas!
This place is great!  Gerald and I went there a week or so ago and really enjoyed the food.

Their chicken tikka masala was really good; the chicken was very flavorful, and the curry was just right.  It wasn't the best I've ever had, but it was high up there, and the chicken was just perfect.

We ordered some appetizers (the sampling platter with the somosas and a few other things), and they were all quite good as well.  The only thing I didn't like about them was they seemed to all be covered in a thin layer of salt.  It tasted great, but it was a bit salty.

Their home-made tamarind sauce was delicious and went well with the appetizers.

We also ordered a special eggplant dish that was also pretty good.  Gerald didn't care for it, but I thought it was tasty.

The service was very good; the waiter was friendly and attentive.

It was very quiet when we went; there were only one or two other tables the whole time.  I hope that this place picks up because it's among the best Indian food I've had in Las Vegas.
The food I've tried is so/so but nice decor and the owner and staff are very friendly.  

The naan can be hit or miss here.  One time it tasted like pita bread (maybe they ran out?) and another time it tasted like OK naan out of the tandoor.

The Chick Tikka Masala is decent.  Vindaloo is not great, in fact most of their curries (like the Mantra Masala) taste alike just different heat levels.  Have tried the tandoor mixed grill and it was satisfactory.  The malai kofta is decent but the gravy is more like a soup.  

Also, one thing I noticed about this place is that the dishes are consistently underseasoned.  I read somewhere that most Americans consider Indian food to be salty so maybe this is an overreaction to that?  Not sure.  But I always have to add salt to the entrees.

Pricing is a kinda high and they charge you a lot for every little thing - rice, raita, mango pickle.
Although I had my doubts about Mantra Masala before actually eating there (the sign on the exterior says "healthy" Indian food, leading me to imagine creamless plates of Tikka Masala - ew) I was pleasantly surprised once I actually had the opportunity to eat there.  The service was friendly and fast and the food was great.  We had the appetizer sampler (fried goodness), Chicken Tikka Masala, Lamb Vindaloo, garlic naan bread and we split a mango lassie.   It was a little pricey compared to other Indian restaurants that I've been to, but it is close to my house and I will definitely go there again when I'm craving Indian.  One complaint I would have is that it took not one, not two, but THREE visits to the establishment before I could eat there due to their weird schedule.  Closed on Mondays.  Closed during the afternoon during their off-peak hours.  I get that it saves them money to close during this time, but this is Vegas and I would expect a restaurant to be open at 3 p.m.
The food is great and the portions are a great size for the price.  My friends and I like to get a few dishes and share.  Very friendly owner and staff.  It has a wonderful atmosphere.
We were looking for some good food near our new apt and found this place on Yelp. We had a bit of trouble finding it, it's behind a fast food restaurant kind of tucked away.  It was really worth the effort though.  It has a great atmosphere and the service is personal.  Maybe I'm wrong, but I beleive the guy attended to us was the owner or chef and he had great suggestions.  Forgive me as I can't remember names of dishes but they were all flavorful and as Indian food should be vibrant and aromatic.  We enjoyed our appetizer and dinner very much.  I would suggest this place to anyone looking for Indian food.
The food of this small Indian restaurant is very flavorful. I especially love the Chicken Masala and their Garlic Naan. The service is slow paced, which was okay for us as we were looking for a relaxing evening without the feeling of being rushed through our meal.

I give this restaurant a 3 star only because they delivered a food item to our table that was not ours. It took us 15 minutes to get the servers attention. Once he noticed that the item was dropped at the wrong table he picked it up off of our table and brought it to the correct table. The truly disgusting part is that we had taken a bite of the item before realizing that it was not what we had ordered.
Loved, loved this place. This review is purely based on the food as the service was not good. The food however was pure flavor and absolutely worth going back for. YUM, YUM, YUM
Excellent Indian.

Get it on the Southwest side of town. Very good across the board!

Delicious naan, excellent curries, vindaloo...

It's not cheap but the food is great. I have, on multiple occasions, had the owner come out and ask what I think about his restaurant. I should clarify, the prices are great, but the portions aren't enormous, but, I'll tell you what, this place knocks the socks off of Gaylords, Ghandi's and any other authentic Indian place i have had in town.
It probably speaks volumes about me that Mantra Masala's tagline as "Healthy cuisine from India!" really put me off this restaurant for a long time.  I wasn't sure I wanted to go out for "healthy" food, but after two years of living a stone's throw from this restaurant finally a craving for Indian without the strings attached of driving around town won out and we gave it a shot.

Overall I am pleased we did. There's no buffet on offer here, but the dinner menu., while small, features some tasty fare. I enjoyed my Chicken Tikka Masala and the samosas were different (and rather heavy) from what I am used to, but really excellent. 

My wife enjoyed her Shahi Paneer and we both loved the papadums and naan.

The portion sizes are fairly standard for an Indian Restaurant, so don't expect USA sized portions and the prices are pretty reasonable without being bargain priced.

Mantra Masala isn't my favourite Indian place in town, but it's certainly convenient and a worthy contender for if you live nearby.
Tried this place after reading about it here. It did not disappoint. We tried Aloo Tikki which has bold yet pleasant flavors. Barah Kabab was also tasty, but it was the Chicken Mantra that we most enjoyed. The  Ras Malai was delicious, too. Our server was helpful and friendly.
Awesome atmosphere. Excellent food but a bit pricey. I think if the prices were lowered a bit and advertised, they would increase their sales revenue.

If I could get a full meal in there, including a drink for $10-12 I would go much more often than a couple of times a year.

They offer a good selection of wine and recommend certain wines with each dish.

Also, they have a really nice bar. Overall, I love it... just can't afford it as often as I'd like.
We love this place! Try the Aloo Tikka - a great appetizer of potato cakes with sauce that my boyfriend tries to lick off the plate. The Chicken Tikka Masala is excellent, as is the curry.
Ok this place is right across where I work so I'm here at lease monthly to take advantage of their lunch specials. 

What makes Mantra Masala stand out from other Indian restaurants is the fact that the food you are served is not coated in oil/ghee. 

Lunch specials here are less than $10 (from $6-$10). I get the lunch for the hungry vegetarian (I think). 

It comes with a bowl of tomato soup....a touch of cream and spice in a rich broth. Very nice start to the meal. 

The entree itself is :

1. naan - very soft, fluffy, warm and tasty. No oily residue or butter on it so I don't feel too bad having all that carb

2. Rice - the rice is basmati but this is the part of the meal I dislike...it masquerades as pulau/briyani but it tasted to bland. I usually leave most of the rice

3. Eggplant Dish - Ok...this is THE BEST ever. It's soooo good...slightly spicy, creamy and yet still keeping a texture....the right combination of flavors. I can eat this curry bu itself

4. Spinach and Potato Dish - This is a nice and simple dish that tastes good. 

I have ordered another vegetarian set lunch that was supposed to come with garbanzo beans (channa) curry. However, apparently they don't ever serve it. Instead it comes with a vegetable dish that I remember as being pretty bad.

I've ordered gulab jamun here once and it tasted very good. 

I have never been here for dinner so I can't speak to the prices and dishes in the evening but this is an ideal place to have a good, inexpensive Indian lunch that doesn't feel like you just gorged on 2 sticks of butter.
This my favorite place for lunch! The lunch prices are great and the food comes quickly. I wish the tikka masala came with more chicken though! Don't even ask to substitute anything, you will get a lesson on food costs and how to run a restaurant. I've never been here for dinner. This place is closed on Monday.
For me, this place is great because of the location.  I really like Indian food, but most of the good places are in the Flamingo/Paradise area, and I don't have a reason to go out towards that UNLV area anymore.  I was here yesterday for lunch.  There were 8 or so different lunch specials with about half of them being vegetarian ranging from $5.95 to $8.95.  Only one of the specials was $5.95 with the rest being $7.95 or $8.95.  I don't remember what the vegetarian options were, but pretty much every plate included a tomato soup, rice, a piece of naan, a spinach puree.  You could choose either tandoori chicken or chicken tikki masala for $7.95 or both for $8.95...  Me and the SO had the chicken masala which was really good.  The sauce was great to dip the naan in, and I was pretty much full most of the day from it...  I can't wait to go back for dinner to try something new.
I have been to Mantra Masala 3 times for lunch and had their Chicken Tikka Malasa and Tandoori chicken lunch special every time.  Very yummy! Love the tomato soup they serve with the lunch specials and their naan is really good.
I am a huge pakistanian/indian foodie, so after reading the reviews, I decided to try this place for dinner.  I was from Houston, TX, where there is an abudant of pakistanian/indian food around, so my reviews below may be very critical.

Pros
Very close
nice decor

Cons
food
-Mantra mixed appetizer which includes the samosa, onion bhaji, and chicken pakora
-----samosa:  filled with lentils, I am used to the potatoes filling, so didn't like this one
-----onion bhaji:  just taste like fried batter to me
-----chicken pakora: dipped in the tamarind chutney...what do you get?  Sweet and sour chicken!!!!  My piece of chicken fell out of the thick cold batter. 
-Mantra Mixed Grill (They are tiny portion, like others have mentioned, but it's all good since it's the quality that I want to try out at this place)
-----Barah Kabob:  the part that was super grilled was ok, but the middle part tasted kinda mushed in a way
-----Chicken tandori/chicken bazari:  I don't know..I tried other pieces that are not chicken tikka, and it tasted kinda grainey, so I stuck to the chicken tikka
-----Chicken Tikka:  this taste the most familiar. But...I have not seen such a small piece. 
-----Masala chai tea:  it kinda taste like the bigelow spiced chai tea that I could easily steep at home, office, anywhere.

Conclusion:  I will drive the further distance to go to my favorite indian restaurant here in Vegas, Mint Indian Bistro.
Ambiance- 4 stars
Food- 3.5 stars
Price- 2 stars

We came here in a large group for dinner and the server was very helpful in helping us order our dishes.  For an appetizer, we had the Mussels Mantra. The flavor was good, but it was overcooked....a lil tough and chewy. We also tried the Padpi Chat. I was definitely not a fan of this item. For the entrees, we decided on the sea bass, the Chicken Tikka Masala, Lamb Mantra and the Dewane Handi. Out of everything, the sea bass was my favorite, flavored just right. The lamb was dry and the dewane handi was bland to me. I think my favorite part of the meal was the Nan. I wasn't too impressed with the meal and after we got the check it made me less impressed. Like I said before, we had a large group (15 people) and it came out to be 41 dollars a person....or 82 dollars a couple in our case. I'm definitely not stingy when it comes to good food, but for the price and what we got I'm not sure I will be returning unless its for the lunch specials.
I ate with Brenda L on the same exact day, and we happened to be at the same table eating the same thing!  haha!  Anyhoo, I think I totally had a different opinion of the food maybe because we had split all the dishes and they gave the birthday girl (me) the better cooked dishes? 

1.   Mussels Mantra - i thought that the mussels that I had were actually really juicy and tender.  And the sauce!  Oh the sauce!  I totally wanted to mop it all up with the naan!
2.  Padpi Chat - i didn't love this dish but i appreciated the tangy flavors and the crunchy bread
3.  Sea bass - I thought this was actually overcooked and dry
4.  Chicken Tikka Masala - i had the specially prepared one with extra spiciness.  loved it and it was not dry
5.  Lamb Mantra - i enjoyed this dish a lot because it was actually really tender and not gamey at all
6.  Dewane Handi - this spinach dish did not impress me much, and nor did I even remember eating it!  haha! 

Out of everything, the sea bass was my least favorite, and my favorites were between the tender lamb and the fluffy yet crusty nan bread!  So good!  From what I've experience, Indian food is always pricier than other foods, but I had such a good experience, I guess the price was fine to me.  

Conclusion:  I'm sorry that Brenda L did not have as good of an experience as I did, but I was a happy camper!  Going back for more.
A quiet nicely decorated Indian restaurant in the southwest area of town.  We were the only diners on a Sunday night (which usually isn't a good thing), but they are hidden away.

The Husband and I shared:

* Lamb Biryani "Baked casserole of basmati rice and lamb richly flavored with saffron." ($16.95) - The Husband has a special liking to biryani and immediately looked through the menu for this item.  He ordered it spicy and definitely enjoyed it, more so with the leftovers the next day.

* Malai Kofta "Mixed vegetable dumplings in savory creamy spiced sauce." ($12.95) - I'm all about any kind of creamy sauce and there are very few I don't like in Indian cuisine.  Their version was super tasty and really good with the garlic nan bread.  Yum!  I chose medium for my spice.  It also came with rice.  The dumplings were just okay though.

* Garlic Nan "Leavened bread baked with fresh chopped garlic in the tandoor." ($2.95) - When going nan, garlic is the only way to go.  So good, I could only wish for more.

Overall, the food was pretty good.  Our waiter was definitely attentive, until he got stuck on the phone with a to go order.  It is rather expensive for the two entrees and condiment we ordered, even with an Entertainment Book coupon.  We'd consider going again, but definitely know why the Indian lunch buffets do so well in the city.
This is the best Indian restaurant in Las Vegas by far!  We have tried most of their menu items and everything is prepared well - the lamb is tender as is the chicken.  They are able to prepare dishes with great flavors that are not nearly as spicy as most Indian food.  The Lamb Mantra & Chicken Sag are favorites as are the Onion Kulcha & Garlic Naan.  Prices are very reasonable - we always bring home enough for a 2nd meal.
I've been here twice; once for dinner and once for lunch. 

The place is nice and secluded in a little plaza. The restaurant has a very nice mood to it. The colors are very warm and the decorations are artsy, which is expected of an Indian restaurant. 

The food and the service is both mediocre. The staff just seems a little bored and lack enthusiasm. 

The lunch specials are cheap, all under $10 from what I can remember and include soup. 

The portions are decent and the food seems pretty healthy. I did feel like the food lacked some flavor though. My boyfriend got the tikka masala and I forgot what I ordered, but I tried his and it tasted kind of bland. 

Over all, I don't think I'd come back unless I was in the area and wanted a cheap lunch special.
Be careful when you order the tikki Marsala, I had found feathers in the sauce... I'm not coming back ..
I have a few weaknesses about Indian Food, and as such I am gauging this place on those weaknesses I have.  They are: The  Naan (Bread), the Curry and Chutney.

I found myself ordering the Chicken Curry during this visit.  The Naan came automatically, but it was a tiny bit soggy and just warm.  I like my naan fresh and HOT!   The Curry came not too long after we had ordered and the serving size was OK.   The curry was nothing to write home about.

I remember in the past that this place had a good lunch buffet, but the last  time I visited here it seem to have been long gone.

The establishment was clean, the waiting service was excellent, the food is just OK.  In my opinion, if Teriyaki Madness (which is adjacent to his restaurant) began serving naan at their store, this place would be in serious trouble.
My first venture into attempting to find good Indian food in Vegas has ended in failure.  It wasn't BAD... but it wasn't good.  I've had better... in fact...  I've only had better than this, and it has always been much cheaper.  This is like... the Panda Express of Indian food with a really nice atmosphere (this should have been my first warning).  The total bill for two people came out to about $50.  A few weeks ago I was in a pretty shady looking Indian restaurant (most of the best ones are shady looking) in San Francisco and we ordered a LOT more, it tasted better, and the bill didn't even make it to $30.

If you're totally clueless about Indian food and your idea of travel is driving down to Mesquite, then this place is probably perfect for you.  Unfortunately, I didn't come to have American food with an Indian theme, I was looking for something that had the rich, deep, and complex flavors that I'm used to.  The lowdown:

Naan - Ahhh... the king of breads, naan bread usually whisks my senses away at the very first bite.  I'm a bread lover, and naan is easily one of the best types of bread in the world... usually...  This one was... good.  Not great, certainly not amazing like it should be... just good.

Garlic naan - I have to give them kudos on their garlic naan.  It had a better flavor than many of the others I've had.  Garlic naan usually doesn't stack up against regular naan, but this one was actually better than their plain naan.  That's not the best compliment, but it's the only one they're going to get today!

Chicken Tikka Masala - Hmm... Like naan, it is one of the dishes that I judge an Indian restaurant on...  Usually, rich, creamy, and surprisingly complex... this one was decent.  But a bit bland, with none of the richness and depth that I'm used to.  It was more like Chicken Campbell's-tomato-soup Masala.

Chicken Mantra - It tasted.... thin...  Like a watered down version of what it was meant to be.  The flavor was actually decent, but once again lacked richness and depth.  

The rice was a disappointment, and a previous Yelper's comment about it being a "mouse sized portion" wasn't too far off the mark.  A big mouse, to be certain.... but still a mouse.

It might be the best Indian in Vegas... but I hope I'll find better.
Close to our house and great food. Must try the eggplant bharta and the chicken tikka masala. Two of the best dishes on the menu.
Regrettably I'm going to have to knock some stars off Mantra Masala as I feel like the quality and value for money is dropping off sharply.

This place has never been our favourite Indian option as far as flavour goes, but for a local place where we can get some takeout it more than fit the bill.

Unfortunately, on our last couple of visits the naan has been extremely rubbery and we've felt like they have really skimped on the content of our dishes that we ordered. Our Shahi Paneer on the most recent occasion contained a mere FIVE chunks of paneer in a sea of sauce. Sorry guys, but when you're charging slightly higher prices than average for your entree portions already, I expect more than 5 cubes of cheese for my money. On our previous visit we fared a little better, with seven bits, but it's still not very much is it? 

Mantra Masala's food is generally OK, perhaps not quite as tasty as some of our favourites, but in terms of value they are going downhill fast, to a point that not even their proximity to my home will call me back.
In a word: yummy! Indian food tends toward the expensive side, so I appreciate Mantra Masala's lunch special menu. I went with "Lunch Two" featuring Chicken Tikka Masala. It comes with a side of Dewane Handi (spinach puree with assorted vegetables), some seasoned Basmati Rice, and a decently sized piece of Naan.

To be real, it's not a whole lot of food for $7.95 + tax. But Mantra preaches healthy food. With that in mind, it's a good portion and definitely satiated my appetite without making me overly full. And most importantly, everything was delicious. I prefer the flavor of Mantra's Chicken Tikka Masala over Mint Indian Bistro's. The Naan was cooked perfectly and the Dewane Handi was surprisingly good (I've never had it before).

I haven't eaten dinner at Mantra. Looking at the dinner menu prices, I probably wouldn't want to. For lunch, however, it presents a nice option. It is a bit far from work, but it's a quick zip up the 215. I'll definitely get lunch there again some day.

Note: A sign outside advertizes lunch specials under $6. This is misleading. One lunch dish is $5.95. The rest are $7.95 or higher.

3.5 stars
We grabbed lunch with a friend who lives in the area. 

We all grabbed a Lunch #2: Chicken Tikka, Dwane Handi, seasoned rice, naan and tomato soup. It was good, but not the best. Chiken tikka was juicy, but the tikka sauce seemed less complex than others. Dwane Handi is good, tomato soup was pretty standard, naan was okay. The portions aren't that big, but it did the trick. I just was more sad about the tiny dollop of rice. I mean isn't that the point of the rice and naan is to sop up the sauces and flavors of the dishes? By the end I was just taking spoonfuls of the dishes since I was out of rice and naan which to me is a travesty. This Asian has to have rice!!! 

$7.95 isn't bad for a lunch, but with a lot of Indian places offering a buffet for $9-11 it isn't necessarily value when compared, but good value for being the only Indian in the SW and few places with lunch specials there.

Service wasn't really personable. We didn't get any drink refills and when ordering drinks he took mine and the BFs drink order and turned around without asking our friend if they want a drink. No drink for you! 

It's okay if you want Indian nearby, but I think a drive out is worth it.
So now the rice has become bright orange and inundated with carrots and cauliflowers rendering the actual rice pieces of the already skimpy portion invisible. This mush was also quite inedible. 

The Deewane Handi (pureed spinach with potato chunks) was barely passable and terrifically under-seasoned. The eggplant dish was not as good as I remembered it being. The Lentil Soup was very lackluster and me and my companion struggled to try to finish it. We struggled in vain. 
The Naan was the saving grace of their lunch special. Soft, chewy (in a good way) and the only thing we could scoop up our gravies with (since the rice was not fit to eat). 

To make us feel a little better we ordered Gulab Jamun. How can you go wrong with fried fatty goodness in a sugared concoction? Correct answer: You can't. 

One star for the Naan and another for the Gulab Jamun. The food was a total and utter blasphemy.
I like the Lamb Tandoori dish they do a lot. It is pricey but feeds me and my husband. This lamb dish keeps me coming back.  One warning they seem to doubt Americans ability to take spice so be emphatic. 

Service is weird, I always leave feeling like I was taking to someone with a lobotomy.  Not mean or inattentive just not all the lights are on.  Insofar I have found service to be weird at all the Indian places we have tried.  Namaste and the Celine Dion covers. Origin and the credit card at your table issue.
I have eaten Indian food all over the world and this place is HANDS DOWN the worst Indian food I have ever eaten.  The service was non-existent.  In our opinion they don't eve deserve one star.
We could not even finish our meals (I only ate a few bites) it was so bad.  If this place has won awards I question who the critics are.  Do yourself a favor and eat anywhere else.
I have eaten my share of Indian food in my life and I must say this is the worst. The tandoori chicken tasted like it was a left over from the day before, very dry like wood. The service is also horrible. We were the only table at 12:30 lunch time and they took for ever to give us the " not fresh food".
Been here a few times when I get a craving for chicken tandori with mango chutney.  The chicken is always tender and sauce flavorful.  I always leave with my food craving satisfied.  Food is delicious, yet service can improve...overall it's a "slightly-better-than-ok" neighborhood Indian restaurant. (I'm sure that'll make sense to some lol)  Worth a try!
Good food.  Never oily and has great flavors.  Curry has a little heat to it, which is nice.  Fresh nan.  

Very intimate little restaurant, perfect for lunch discussions with colleagues or a nice dinner date.

Service is a little hit & miss, but it doesn't take away from the quality of the experience overall.
Good food, very tasty, place is very nice and intimate inside. Place looks closed and dark from the outside, but they are open, they just have curtains blocking the windows. Portions could definitely be a little more for the price, but it was good.
Fresh food, owner a brilliant chef, enthralling to talk to about indian cuisine and spices, will be back often...
very good! went for some buffalo wild wings but instead I ended up having some indian cuisine. Service was very good! The way to go is chicken curry, basmati rice, and garlic bread right out of the oven. 

Nice small place.
Went there today on a whim, the ambiance is zen, the waiter was not bad, like he did his job checked up on us refilled our beverages but didn't seem happy. I would ask a question and his reply and tone would come out dull and rude! Like cheer up dude! What's your deal?! 

Food decent, small portions and a bit overpriced.

I do like the mango lassi!
food is pretty bland. been here a couple times just to make sure i didn't just come on a bad day. There are way better places in Las Vegas for Indian food.
Can't go wrong with the Chicken Tikka Masala, basmati rice, and naan. Ordered take out for 8 people - the staff was friendly, the owner helped me load my car, and was expecially helpful when I asked for plates/utinsels/napkins. Overall, very friendly and good food. I'd certainly return!
By far the best Indian restaurant in our neiborhood, SW. I think this restaurant is ome of the better Indian restaurants in Las Vegas. Great neiborhood restaurant to satisfy ur appetite. My husband had Lamb Korma and it was very good and my Chicken Tikka Masala is very good, as well. I never have a craving for Indian Food so we don't visit here often but whenever we do, it doesn't disappoint us. 

Naan here are very good but Paratha are just okay.  

One thing that did bother me this time is that the girl, the server?, did not offer a lunch menu, which we didn't know it existed. Same thing that I ordered could have been $5 less. It made me feel that I was screwed over. SO! I highly suggest you to ASK for a lunch menu because they were not offering unless customers asked.
Went there for dinner on a weekday.   The restaurant had 2 seperate couples having dinner so it was pretty quiet.  The food was pretty good.  The spice level ranges from not spicy, medium, very spicy.  We ordered very spicy and personally I did not think it was very spicy, it still seemed a bit bland.  The chicken biryani is what we had and it was decent.  In terms of the prices and the amount of food you are served it does not compare.  We also had the Badam Lassi (mango smoothie w/ almond) the mango was VERY SOUR!!    
I will/may go back only because it is very close and the food was decent.
Very friendly staff.  Amazing vegetable samosas!  Really cute and cozy decor inside.
We chose this restaurant because we wanted Indian food and this was the closest to Summerlin. I am happy that we did. Everything was delicious. Garlic nan, Samosa's with tamarind and mint sauces (made there), Chicken Curry, tender Lamb in a garlic cream sauce. Loved everything. My only complaint is that it took a long time to get the food out but it was worth it.
Good Indian cuisine. The service is great, the food is also good especially since it isn't the typical greasy style that some Indian food can be. Be sure to have the samosas and the potato chaat on the appetizer menu!
The garlic nan was delicious to start off with and the chicken curry and lamb mantra were excellent. I'll be ordering to go next time and enjoy the food at home bc the service awful.
The food & service here are as good as it gets!! Delicious, authentic, warm & kind waitstaff... I say go for it!! :)
I went for dinner with 4 other friends a few nights ago... The food was great. The service... well it wasn't intentionally bad I think but it was definitely lackluster. Immediately upon sitting we ask for 5 glasses of water. He brings 2 glasses, with no ice, 10 minutes later. We ask for ice, 3 mango lassis and a coke. 10 minutes later out come 1 mango lassi and 1 coke... still no ice and still missing 1 mago lassi and 3 waters. This is 30 minutes into sitting down. It definitely was not because they were swamped... there was only 1 other table seated in the restaurant. he eventually brought us the remaining beverages and took our order.
We all ordered Chicken Tikka MArsala with varying levels of spice but what we got was Chicken Tikka Marsala all at medium level. It was plain to see that they just made one batch and tried to pass it off. At $15 a plate just for the Marsala... this is unacceptable. Actually, as I'm writing this review I'm deducting another star. 1 star for you Mantra Marsala. What poor service!
Welcoming and Nice Service.
Food is too Expensive for the Taste.I would not rate this as the best Indian restaurant in Vegas. Its just one among many. so if you live close by there is nothing wrong to try this one.
I am some one who give more value to the taste of the food than decoration so i am giving only 2 stars as i have experienced better places than this one.
We stopped in for a little snack and ordered the Mantra Masala Appetizer Sampler
and a basket of Garlic Naan.

Don't remember the names of the items  on the sampler, but it was Samosas, a crispy onion thing, and  a batter fried chicken Item. The first two were good, but the chicken was tough. The two chutneys that came with the sampler were delicious too.

Not the best Indian food we've had, but seems like the only one in  the area. ALOHA!!!!
A very quaint and intimate place to experience authentic Indian food. It had been years since I last tried Indian food and thanks to a special friend who is a regular at Mantra Massala, I was able to order with confidence and enjoy a great meal. I was pleased with the level of spices in the dishes. The service was at a slower pace than most other establishments, but it set the tone for the evening. No need to rush your meal, just sit back and relax. I loved the authentic dishes and silverware our meals were served on as well as the decor. I was a bit apprehensive about ordering too spicy of a meal, but I am happy to report that the next morning my tummy is feeling fine. 
I encourage you to try Mantra for yourself I think you will be pleased.
Forget the location....it is non descript, but the food.....wow, amazing food, you can detect the different spices used and there is little to no oil. The selection on the menu is not extensive, but ask the Chef if you want something that is not listed. They do not rush you and service is is okay. i owuld recoemmend this palce for good Indian cuisine. Try the mango lassi....to  die for....flavorful, tasty and refreshing.
good food, good prices and good atmosphere - all adds up to more than just good. try the "unnumbered" lunch special....13 bucks gets you a whole heap of tastes!
The place had horrible lighting and the place just seemed dingy. The waitress was nice, but we were the only ones in the restaurant which makes me a little weary. The food was overpriced for the quality that you received. I LOVE indian food and this place was way under expectation and my standard. I would never recommend this place to anyone.
Very taste, fantastic service! They pride themselves on no oil healthy cooking. Everything was delicious and you don't feel loaded down after your meal.  Make sure to get a mango lassi to wash all that yummy food down.
This review is more about the experience than the food. I ordered the Veggie Basil Curry. Now when I order something with that title I assume it will consist of mostly vegetables and a few other things maybe. Well imagine my surprise when I get home with my takeout, open the container and find a couple tomatoes 1 piece of potato and the rest is all beans, meaning everything in it was a legume. Due to the fact that I can not eat legumes at ALL right now, I could not partake in what smelled fantastic. I just wish I had known that it was not actually vegetables, and I would have simply ordered a different menu item.
Shame on the chef and this restaurant !!!!!!! Way overpriced for the size of dishes!!! 
Ordered $100 worth of food including the mantra mixed grill  over the phone,  but when I opened the boxes at home,  was shocked to see meats that looked like they have been chewed already !!!! Along with poor pieces of chicken was one tiny piece of what they call kebab.... I went back to the restaurant thinking a mistake was done with my dish and got nasty condescending insulting attitude from the so called "chef"  himself!!!!!  Worst dining both human experience I ever had!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
Don't make the same mistake.... Eat somewhere ellse.....!!!!!!!
This place has the most amazing food! Start off with Popi-chat for an app. Then grab the Chicken Tikka Marsala with two orders of Naan Bread with and extra side of rice! Then finish it off with the most amazing desert....  Not sure what it is called but the owner made it for me.  It has two scoops of his he made pasatico ice cream and this amazing little warm ball of something....  OMG!  It belongs in a spa!  Not sure why but every time you take a bite (combine the two) it has this amazing taste that brings you back to a relaxing spa!  Enjoy!  I normally go once a week!
This place was very disappointing for takeout.  I ordered a garlic naan and chicken tandoori.  It came in a small, under-portion white box, but that was just the start.  The chicken was yellow and pink on the inside- no tandoor char marks, no complex flavors.  The onions were raw and uncooked.  Generally disappointing considering how good the photos look for dine-in.
Came here because it was close to where we live. The food was horrible. My wife and I are avid Indian food lovers. The prices are too high and the quality of food is not up to par. Ordered chicken tikka masala and veggie khurma.  The masala tasted watered down. The khurma had no taste and had strange veggies in it for the dish like green beans. Couldn't call this place authentic. Would not recommend to others. My 2 cents. The search for a good Indian food restaurant continues for my wife and I. This was the first place in Vegas we tried.
I'm only giving one star because I have to to be able to rate the business. Ayayay where do I start ???

"Veggie" khorma had legumes in it and tasted nothing like a khorma.. no cauliflower, no potatoes, no green peas... -_-

Chicken tikka Masala was heavy in cream...lacking spices.. cream is cheaper than spices

Rice portion was a 3oz dish (from a nearby Mandalay Bay Hotel & Casino ((yes we flipped it over))) -_- my husband is 6'5 280lb. (we've never had this prob anywhere else)

Raita (yogurt) portion was more than the rice, but it had water mixed in and the seasoning was way off...no cumin, too much  anise seeds, no cucumbers or carrots or spices

Food was yucky, expensive, and miniature. 

No buffet?!?!?! wtf? that's like an indian rest. staple

OH AND...WE COMPLAINED TO THE WAITER, HE SAID OWNER WILL BE IN LATER... and there was nothing he could do....as we were leaving, the owner came and our waiter told him our problem...he said give me a min...my husband said we're obviously not important enough so we left and I'm now venting on here... shoulda' caught me at the door buddy-boy!

A bit of background ...
I've probably ate at more Indian restaurants around the world than anything else.

I had an indian restaurant cater my 150 party indian-themed bridal shower - (restaurant sales went up 20% in the following 6 weeks because my guests loved their food)
I was craving Indian food and this place was close by the office so I thought to give it a try though a co-worker had a less than positive experience on her visit. 

I had the lunch special #2 (chicken tikka and spinach puree with legumes) and ordered to-go. The online menu states that soup is included in the lunch special but when I asked about it they said "not for to-go orders" that stipulation was not stated on their website. The person who took my order seemed a tad bit confused and did not really understand what I was saying.

When I went to pick up, my food was waiting in a "locker-type" container and wasn't that hot. I opened the styrofoam box to find HALF a piece of naan. As a fan of Indian cuisine I was most looking forward to this part of the meal. The naan was thin and simply O.K. The portion was a bit small for $10.00; only 3 pieces of chicken and about a table spoon of veggies. The basmati rice lacked in flavor and disappointed as one of my favorite parts to Indian cuisine.

All in all it satisfied my instant craving for Indian food but would not go again due to the portion size and lack of flavor. 

It was the epitome of the "2 star" rating: "Meh. I've experienced better."
Good food, nice ambience and  friendly wait staff, but manager needs some anger management skills.

We were having a wonderful dinner and asked the waiter to leave the drink menu.  Shortly afterward, the manager came by in a hurry and snatched it up off our table.  He then screamed at our waiter for not removing it earlier.  As the waiter stumbled with words, we interrupted and explained to the manager that we had asked that the drink menu stay.  He apologized to us and then continued to berate the waiter for not letting him know our request.

The manager also had a nasty habit of berating the wait staff on the dining room floor, in front of customers.  We were sitting on the opposite side of the dining room and could easily hear him.  We would have had a wonderful time, if the manager didn't make us feel so uncomfortable for being there.  What an awful way to treat your help.
Really loved this place. Everything was delicious, would definitely recommend the lamb korma curry and the tandori chicken. The rice pudding was excellent. I know rice pudding is normally just pudding, but this had something extra. Food tastes "clean" not overly greasy, heavy, or huge portions.
The perfect chicken tikka masala I have had in a long time. Slight tinge of sweetness to the spiciness. Was heavenly with the garlic naan.
Good food, however, the portions are small.  I go there a few times a months due to the fact its the only Indian food in the SW area which is where I live.  I  really like the chicken tika masala and the malai kofta ; I had some of the appetizers as well and they are all fried and doesn't go very well with my healthy diet.  

I would recommend  Mantra Masla if you are in the area and craving some Indian food but I think there are much better restaurants in town such as Mount. Everest.  Hope this review helps.
They need to add dark chicken curry to their menu.
My favorite Indian restaurant. Great food and awesome service. It's a small place and tends to be really quiet. It's definitely a hidden gem!!
Ate here for the first time tonight, and I was completely blown away.  The food was excellent. I had the  Saag Paneer, and loved it.  The cheese and yogurt is made there at the restaurant, and the portions were the perfect size.  Not too big, and not too small. The ambience would be great for either a date, or just for a nice night out, and prices were reasonable.

I highly recommend it, and plan to be back soon myself.
Very authentic Indian restaurant. Really enjoyed the food but nothing out of this world to die for. The interior decor along with the choice of music could have matched the restaurant theme very well. Very pleasing experience all around.
I was craving for Indian food that's why I'm here, had chicken curry and cauliflower with potato , they both taste the same , not much favor , not the best Indian food I ever had....
Amazing food! Have been here twice. Very intimate setting, good service & great food. 
Garlic & spinach Nan was so yummy! So is the chicken tiki masala.
Good Honest Food! My wife and I are both vegetarians and really enjoy the vegetarian menu.  Every time we go we have good service and great food. I have never had anything to complain about.
Went here for Mother's day since it was close to home and we were craving Indian.  I've had Indian food all over Vegas and this was one of the worst experiences.  I really wanted to like the place as I love to support local mom and pop establishments but this was quite disappointing.  We ordered the chicken korma, lamb vindaloo, veggie samosa and some garlic naan.  The chicken korma tasted off and was really oily.  The lamb vindaloo also did not taste like other vindaloos we've had, this tasted a little too tangy.  The garlic naan tasted like it was reheated in a microwave so it got hard and chewy once it cooled down.  The only saving grace was the vegetable samosa, which was filled with potatoes and peas and had good flavor.

I wish I could say that I'd try this place again, but I think I'll just drive further and go to the Mint or India Palace for better indian food.
We have lived in the area for awhile now and always drive by. I read some reviews and was a little worried but we decided to try anyways. I'm so glad that we did!!

We got there right after they opened for dinner so we were the only table there for a little while. The decor was pretty cool and calming. The music was pretty calming as well. 

Our server was attentive and our food was absolutely delicious!! 

It wasn't busy but it should be. We will definitely be going back!
This is a great place for Indian food. It's one of my favorites in the valley. It's a little on the pricey side, but well worth it! Every dish I've ordered has exceeded my expectations. Will always come back and dine again, great experience and meals.
Soooo my husband and I just relocated here to Vegas from Atlanta and we love it here. Just so happens that I had a taste for some indian food. So I found this on yelp. This is literally 5 minutes from my house. The food was delicious. I got the tandoori chicken, vegetable samosas, naan bread, then I desired something a little sweet so for dessert I had the galub jamun (which were great, just simply two small round balls drenched in rose syrup). This place has a very nice small intimate setting and everyone is nice. Can't wait to go back!!!
I will try the chicken tikka masala!!!!!!
Finally, a decent Indian restaurant in Phoenix...and I have tried a lot of them!

We went to Tandoori Times 2 from a recommendation of a guy I work with who is Pakistani and is married to an Indian woman (yeah, I know, their parents were probably ecstatic when they brought each other home)...So we figured, if he is recommending it, why not?!

We were pleasantly surprised. We had some Samosas, Chicken Tikka, Palak Peneer and vegetable biryani. All came out piping hot and quite tasty.

The Chicken Tikka was tender and not at all dried out. The Palak Peneer was excellent - a little sweeter than I am accustomed to, but still very nice. My son, who is three, couldn't get enough of the biryani - he kept shovelling it in. And the samosas choolay (sp?) were very good! The sauce they brought them out in was just spicy enough to enjoy without overrwhelming the food.

So 3 stars for the food, and 1 star for the service. Our server, Omar, is an ASU student and he was great. He said he is studying elementary education so he was really good with our son.

We will definitely be eating here again! 

BTW, while the restaurant is good for kids, unless your child is able to eat spicy food - I don't recommend it. In our case, my son seems to be able to eat all the spicy foods his mom so loves...
Disappointed the first time, but with our faith in Mr K's taste, we tried it again and was pleasantly surprised.

First time we went for lunch and had mainly chaats (Indian snacks) $4.99-$5.99, which are only served Sat & Sun 12pm-5pm.  Our obsession with chaats started at the famous Vik's Chaat Corner in Berkeley, when we used to live in the area.  Unfortunately, the chaats here were lacking in flavor, which is a big problem given Indian food, especially chaats, is all about the spices.  For the Phoenix area, we prefer Little India Chaat in Tempe - it lacks decor and service but is made up by cheap prices and tasty food.

Given our obsession with good naan and our faith in Mr K's taste, we decided to give it another shot.  We went for dinner on a Sunday and ordered:

Saag Ghosht (lamb cubes with spinach in a light cream sauce) $12
- highly recommended by Howard Seftel as "helpfully" quoted on the side of the menu
- we, on the other hand, found the lamb cubes themselves to be dry and bland despite being in a tasty sauce

Fish Goa Curry (fish filets in coconut curry sauce) $14
- Sunday's daily special so came with rice, one naan and salad
- this fish was the BOMB: perfectly balanced subtle spices that complimented the tender flaky fish instead of overwhelming it
- the naan is as good as Mr K claims

Great modern decor and good service.  We are definitely going back on a Sunday night for the Fish Goa.  Thanks for another good recommendation Mr K!
Well, it took us 4 trips until we finally found this place open (they're closed on Mondays, and between 2-5pm), but fourth time's the charm, I guess! 

I had to dock a star for their lack of samosas and the usual sweet brown sauce I've had at every Indian restaurant I've been to.

I ordered the Aloo Tikki (chickpeas, onions, and potato patties), asking them to leave off the tamarind chutney and replace it with raita(yogurt with mint and cucumber)...it was very flavorful and moist, though a bit spicy(my fault for failing to ask for mild).

I also had the Vegetable Korma--incredible!!!...It was a thick stew of squash, potatoes, peas, corn, and carrots, and it almost tasted pumpkin-y...so savory! The best part was the corn kernels--they were slightly crunchy and added an amazing dimension of texture.

Jamie's meal was the Lamb Masala. We'd been meaning to try lamb again, as the first time we had it(elsewhere), it was chewy and just, not very appetizing. Well--our minds were changed!...this lamb was tender and succulent, and the Masala sauce? incredible!--full of complex flavors and spices...it was amazing!

We also got 2 breads--the Onion Naan (so soft, almost moist in a good way, and FULL of onions), and the Chicken Naan(full of tandoori-cooked chicken, and infused with a smoky, almost barbecue, flavor---wow)...

so. some of the most well-spiced, tastiest Indian food I've had, as well as very friendly and helpful service= 4 stars :)
So, I am sorta new to Indian food.  I was introduced to it last year by my Indian coworkers and I am hooked.  This place is by far my favorite.  I liked it from my first visit, the waiter was helpful, knowledgeable and put up with my indecisiveness.  

I have liked everything that I've tried here and I've tried a lot. I usually go with my Indian friends and therefore get to try new things that I might not have ordered for myself.  My personal favorites are the Chicken Korma, Chicken Tikka Masala, and some sort of shrimp dish that I don't remember the name of at the moment.  

They usually have a belly dancer on the weekend which is always fun to watch.
The bad. No samosas during the week, why? The lamb chops, which our server recommended, were crap. The tiny quarter sized piece of meat was oh-so-good but they were full of fat and bones, so it was about $12  for 5 bites of lamb and a plate of bones. 

The good. Nicely styled restaurant, bright colors and modern open layout. The appetizer we ordered was a veggie patty on a bed of spicy chickpeas. The lamb vindaloos was one of the best I've had. The garlic naan was perfect.  Complementary chai is available, I thought is was a bit week but good none the less.

PS: No belly dancers here on a Wed evening. Maybe they have them here on the weekends like they do in Scottsdale.
Not a bad place at all. It's also reasonably new. Up until a couple of months ago my office was a quarter mile from this place. I'd passed the sign a couple of times and gave it a shot one evening. Prior to trying TT2, I'd been a regular at Maharaja's Palace (pretty much on the diagonally opposite [SW] corner of 57th Ave), and if you like you can read my review of the latter to see why I won't eat there anymore.

I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food at TT2. It's a little more expensive but the food appears to be of higher quality. Basically the naan is the freshest/tastiest I've had in the US. Unfortunately they're light on beef dishes (probably because the moo cow is held in higher regard than people are back in India?) and I missed things like beef saag and vindaloo, but everything else is real good. They have "chaat" on the weekends - kinda like the Indian equivalent of Spanish tapas? - but there are several items on this particular menu that aren't available during the week and that's a bit strange.

Lunch specials are pretty good. There's a different main dish each day and they serve quite an acceptable portion of rice, that dish, salad and raita. Unfortunately most of the guys in my office are Phoenix-born and for some reason they consider Indian food to be anathema (I've literally gotten laughed at when I proposed this place once as a lunch destination) and thus I typically don't have too many lunch partners when I've eaten here. Then again these are the same guys who'll eat the most wretched Mexican slop I've ever gagged on in my life.. day after day, over and over and over.. but I digress..

One black mark against this place, they aren't open on Mondays. It's Monday today and I'd kill for some Indian for dinner so that totally sucks. Anywhere that isn't open 7 days a week really needs to reevaluate. Fortunately I can cook the stuff at home - that's when I have three hours to spare..

Summary: It's far from the best Indian restaurant that I've eaten at, but it's the best in Phoenix that I've found (admittedly, I haven't tried anything on the east side YET.. *8-)
When we are in the mood for some North Indian style MEAT we head to Tandoori Times.

I've eaten at both Tandoori Times locations and both are delicious. My only complaints are that some of the dishes are a little heavy on the oil but that can be typical for some Indian places - especially those that are more Pakistani in nature and they do not offer much of a vegetarian selection.

We taken family and friends to this restaurant, some of which have never had Indian food, with great success. The food is generic enough for the American palette but still delicious for those of us that huff spices in our spare time.

I've yet to try their Chaat on the weekends but I'm dying to do so!
Time for an update, and I'm taking away a star for one reason. The food has remained delicious and the lunch specials are priced right (the lamb vindaloo I had there on 4th July was awesome), but there's something that pissed me right off when I ordered takeout recently. Portion size. It's $9-$11 dollars for an 8-oz container of food, depending on what you get. Get three different containers along with rice and a naan and you're almost at $40. That's WAY too expensive, no matter how tasty the food is. I know how to make this stuff (technically, although I have problems achieving the flavour) and I know what the ingredients cost. They're making money hand-over-dot at this place and the final issue I have is that my 8-oz container of chicken makhani was less than half chicken and the rest sauce. See my Tandoori Village review for more information on this. They need to knock their prices WAY down. I want a take-out meal for two and I want it to be under thirty bucks. When I can get three pounds of Chinese food for under $20 (see my review of Chen & Wok in Surprise), paying double that for less food doesn't strike me as a particularly good deal. Don't anyone make the mistake that this place is haute cuisine either. It ain't Gaylords. Not by a long shot. And Gaylords is pretty far from haute cuisine itself.
My vote for favorite Indian food goes to Tandori Times 2.  The food is great, the restaurant has a very cool atmosphere, the wait staff is extremely friendly, and they offer great daily specials.  This locations is definitely less crowded during dinner time but I'd eat at Tandori Times 2 any time!

I am sad to say I have to change my original rating for Tandori Times 2.  Not once but twice while dining with friends my debit card was swiped for not only my bill but my friends bill as well.  The first time the problem was taken care of quickly.  The second time I got the run around before they took care of the problem.  I have been hesitant to go back to Tandori Times 2 since this happened and will never go back  without cash.
I was greatly impressed. My mom and I went here a little after they opened for dinner and it was absolutely wonderful. We both are "kind of" experienced with Indian food...but not really. So it was really great to have a server who was intelligent, patient, and genuinely nice. 

The restaurant was very open, colorful, and comfortable. The food was delicious. My mom had plenty of meat-eating options and I had plenty of vegetarian options. Hint: skip the salads and appetizers to have room for dessert. The rice pudding is cool and refreshing and not like any other rice pudding I've ever had. Expect to pay about 10 bucks for whatever main dish you order and everything else is awesomely inexpensive...like 2 bucks or so for sides and desserts.

I absolutely loved this place. It is good food for the die-hards and good service for the new, shy foodies who are just getting into Indian cuisine.
We have never tried Indian food before, when we went we had a waiter that explained everything to us.
The food was great! I forgot alot of the names of the dishes we had..but I do love the garlic naan they serve. Also I have been back for lunch takeout and  order the tandoori chicken wrap. It was delicious! I also love their chai tea.
Wandered in here for lunch with my wife. I had the lamb vindaloo and she had the vegetable korma. It was the best vindaloo I've had in years and teh service was pretty damn good too.
Oh my god. Was this a win or what? 

I enjoy spice and Indian food a lot, but I'm always nervous about cleanliness and getting an explosive asshole later in the evening. 

However, my experience at Tandoori Times 2 left me with no worries, a belly full of Lamb Boti Masala and Flying Horse beer. 

As soon as we walked in I was addicted to the smell, curry permeated my clothes as I began to salivate. 
The waitress was knowledgeable about the dishes and helped in my selection process. The side of rice for $2.50 was HUGE. It disappointed me that they didn't serve the rice with the dish, but it was worth the $2.50 

We had a free cup of chai tea to top of our meal! 

I will definitely be coming back. I'm addicted.
I work very close to this restaurant. I have eaten here many, many times. The service is not always the best but the food has always been excellent. In my opinion the food is MUCH better than the Maharaja Palace. I can honestly say that I have never had a bad meal here. I also work with many people from India and they all love the place. To me that is a good sign. The only down side I have ever seen here is the service. Like one of the reviewers said before, I have had issues with being charged wrong, etc. I would recommend it for anyone that loves Indian food like I do.
Good atmosphere, average food, but a lot to worry about as far as menu & other policies is concerned.  Food is consistent, bread is above average, and prices are within normal range for Phoenix.

Why are the traditional appetizers available ONLY on Saturday and Sunday, and ONLY between 12:00 and 6:00?  Vegetable Pakorka, Samosa, Chole Poori, and more... only available on 2 days a week.  Why?  This is crazy.  

Closed Mondays.

Common to be closed entirely for private parties, or they switch to take-out only because of private parties.

Aloo Mattar is a lunch special.  Another dish (eggplant) is a lunch special.  Neither one is on the regular menu, and it is hit and miss with whether or not the evening chef can make them.

There is little difference between medium, medium hot, and hot.  If you order extra hot (chef's hot) there's a huge jump.  They just can't get it right.
10 minutes... nobody acknowledges I'm here.  It's 1:45 and the restaurant isn't that busy, 2 servers, both of which pass me several times, and no greeting... no menu... no water... just flat out ignored.  Other patrons started to notice I was being ignored, even after hand gestures to get attention.

When the server's casual conversation started with the adjacent table I had to get up and just leave.  Unbelievable.
This was my second visit, and to be honest, I'm not someone that eats Indian food very much, this time I went with a party of 8 many of them are from India.  This time around I opted for the SEEKH KABOB LAMB, which was mostly meat on a plate of onions and peppers.  I really wished that bread or Ngo would have come with it, but I resolved that pretty quick with another order.  My co-diners were very good, they helped explain other items on the menu to me and help me pick out future dishes.  Overall the food is very good and very ethnic.  The service struggled not only with our larger party but the lunch rush.  If you like Indian food or want to try it, I would suggest Andoori Times.
The tastiest Indian cuisine I've had in a very long time, and the waitstaff was friendly and attentive. The chef knows how to temper the spices to your liking. The lamb tikka masala is a must-have! I wish the rice and the naan bread came with the entrees, though; they have to be ordered separately.
This place is pretty damn good. Even though it was busy, we never had to ask for more to drink or pretty much anything. They got an extra star for the service. As for the food, it was pretty traditional. I didn't see anything on the menu that jumped out as a restaurant specialty. That's a shame because I'm always looking for new things to try. I ended up getting the Chicken Vindaloo. I would have preferred mine to be a bit more spicy but the waiter said that I can request extra spicy the next time.
I am a regular at this spot. Past two visits the food quality was poor. Yesterday their relish was stale. The quality and service has dropped significantly in past 6 months or so.
For the price, this is a great great indian place for lunch!

For $8, you can get a great lunch special, 2 naan, rice, salad, & entree.  The curries are very well made and the naan is hot out the oven.  I love it here.
Yummy Indian food. Much better than nearby Taj Mahal. A little pricey but offers Indian food in a location where it is often hard to find! Love carrry-out. Really quick!
The food was good, don't get me wrong. But the after affect is what turn me down. Tandoori Times 2 used oils with trans-fat to cook their foods. I would like to support the local business, but trans-fat should be banned in Arizona.
This place has the best tandoori chicken that I have ever tasted. It is so flavorful... They also have tandoori spicy chicken wings that I recommend. I have never had problems with their service like some of the other reviewers. Some might think it is a bit pricey but my motto is that you can't put a price on good food.  I love their garlic naan. Their chicken saag is also very good. Everything I have ordered here  has either met or exceeded my expectation. The menu is ala cart so if you want rice then you need to order it on the side but they give you a lot.
Whether you have never tried Indian food or quite the connesuir this place will definitely be a delight for you.  Each time I have been here the food has been great and service has been on top of their game as well.  Prices are reasonable and can cater to large parties or even children.

It's located in a newer looking strip mall on Bell Rd near Arrowhead.  The "chains" are all around but this place stands out from some of those other meager places.  The inside is clean and nicely decorated in Indian decor as expected.

I will be back and think others should check the place out as well.
Note: I have only been here once as my fiance isn't a big fan of Indian food.. but I have been day dreaming about it ever since.

My friend I grabbed lunch here on a Friday afternoon. Considering we went during what would normally be considered the "lunch rush", I was surprised that it wasn't more crowded. But, she had raved about their lunch specials so I was excited to try TT out. We were quickly greeted with ice water and offered fresh brewed chai. Our waiter was great. While he was new (he had just started a week before) but was friendly, knowledgeable and seemed super enthusiastic about the food.

We decided to split an order of Samosas to start. Wow, best Samosas that I have had EVER. The outside was cooked perfectly, soft but crispy and warm. The filling of potatoes and peas was creamy and spiced perfectly. They were served with a garbanzo masala chutney that was out of this world. Seriously I could have eaten the chutney with a spoon.

My friend had the lamb vindaloo which is the special on Friday, so she was served her main course, a salad, rice and naan. This is the dish she had raved to me about, and she seemed to be equally pleased with it the day we went. I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and it didn't disappoint. The chicken was tender and the sauce was wonderfully creamy with just enough heat. I also ordered a side of chili naan... it was huge WAY too much for one person, but was so delicious I wanted to eat the whole order. 

I will be back... And, while I would like to say that I will try other dishes, it will be hard to pull myself away from the Samosas... and the Chicken Tikka Masala. Seriously. Check this place out.
Food is awesome.
So I have never eaten alot of Indian food, but friends of ours suggested dinner there so we went.  I am so glad I did! Talk about delish!  The Chicken Saag was one of the best things I have ever eaten.   Prices are reasonable, service is so-so and the food=yummo.
We had chicken saag, chicken tikki masala, fish masala, garlic naan and rice.  The four of us left stuffed and happy.   It was so good, I went back the following week for lunch only to discover some terrific lunch specials.  8 bucks for more lunch then you can eat.  All I can say is "GO".
Only been here once but thought it was very good. Will return next time in the area and looking for Indian.
We had a party of 13 on a Friday night.  Happy Birthday, G!  Some of us has had Indian food and the other half was in for an adventure!  Got there in time for happy hour.  I ordered the spicy chicken wings mild.  My mouth was on FIRE!  Too spicy for me..  But they were good.  The garilc nan was so GOOOOOD.  I got the Chicken Tandoori wrap...  YUM!!!  They made it with less spicy for me (Yes, I am a whimp).  In the middle of dinner, the music got louder... We were not sure what is going on but then out of no where there was a belly dancer.  She is shaking and moving all over the resturant.  The kids loved it.  They went out to dance with the belly dancer.  So of our adults too!!  It was a fun filled events and the food was good.
My husband loves Indian food, so we stopped by for lunch since we were on Bell Road already. I had to order the Chicken Tandoori wrap again. It was good and the naan was just fluffy enough... My husband ordered the daily special (Beef Stew, Garlic Naan - extra $, and comes with rice). The daily special was AWESOME! We had great service and the waiter was good to look at too. Great food, good scenery, I am one happy woman!
Better than we expected.

We stopped in fairly late on Tuesday night and it was still quite busy.  There were three of us and we ordered the lamb vindaloo, a lamb special, sag paneer and naan.   We requested them "chef spicy," which our charming waitress informed us was as hot as it gets.  We were delighted to discover that this was actually quite spicy.

Both lamb dishes were excellent.  The naan was fresh and hot from the oven.  My only quibble was with the saag paneer which was heavy on the saag and light on the paneer, but still pretty good.

It's a bit pricey for a neighborhood Indian joint - about $60 for the three of us with one beer, but it's also a bit nicer than the typical Indian restaurant.   Service was friendly and efficient.

We'll be back.
What a great unexpected surprise of delicious Indian food in my hood! We didn't get to do too much research on Indian restaurants that night and since there are not many great Indian restaurants in Central and North Phoenix, I didn't feel compelled to put in the effort. Learned helplessness you can say. After driving around before our movie, we found this wonderful restaurant and will be coming back for more. 

Tandoori Times has great ambiance with fun Indian art on the wall. Our servers were very pleasant and you can tell they were happy working there. We tried the lamb briyani, saag paneer, and chili naan. Although they had some innovative and creative Indian dishes we decided to stick with more traditional dishes. The saag had a slightly more watery consistency than what I am used to but the taste was incredible. The lamb briyani was light and not so oily like other briyani dishes. My favorite was the chili naan, which was light, fluffy, and tasted awesome baked with chilies and cilantro. Their side "condiments" was unique, which included a mixture of pickled chopped ginger, lemon, garlic and other spices. 

We were so glad to have tried this restaurant and hope to be back to try their other dishes.
This is the best Indian food that I have ever had in Arizona... maybe even in the entire United States! The chicken tikka masala is to die for. I'm used to Indian food in London, and anyone who's eaten indian in london knows that indian out here doesn't even compare! But this place is absolutely amazing! My mother (who is indian and a snob when it comes to indian food) surprisingly loved this place! whenever i tell her i'm going to Tandori Times she is very very jealous. 

The staff is nice, service is good. Havent been there when the bellydancer is there, which would kind of irritate me. Only thing i didn't like was that one of the waitresses didn't speak english. Which was odd seeing as she was a server.  I was just asking for a take away box and it seemed too much for her to handle. 

Decent Prices, a bit pricey compared to thai or pizza or something, but its well worth it.

Apart from the Chicken Tikka Masala (that i order everytime i go) the Eggplant dish is also very good, as well as the lentils and the Garlic Naan. 

This place is a must!
I have been in this neighborhood for a week from Calif, could'nt find a good independent place to eat untill i drove past this indian bistro. It is similar to chaat cafe in fremont ca. Very pleasant interior, food was great. Crew seemed very disorganized and inexperienced. Need basic customer service training. Customers were waiting for a long time before some one seated them,One almost spilled water on me.One hand did not know what the other was doing. I still will recommend this place. Just bear the inexperienced crew in the dining area, I will visit this place again
Due to the terrible service we experienced, I should give this place 1 star but the food was delicious so I'm giving it 2 stars.  Four of us went here on our lunch break.  Note to self and others, do not go to this place if you are pressed for time!!  Our waitress had no idea what she was doing and messed up 2 of the 4 orders at our table.  We were never offered anything to drink besides water and had to ask several time for plates once our food arrived.  And trying to separate our payment was simply too much for her to handle.  I will say my chicken tikka masala was absolutely delicious and is one of the best I have had in Arizona.  They do charge extra for rice, which I find odd.  The best part of ordering Indian food is pouring the sauce over rice.  The naan was excellent too!  The terrible service and extremely long wait time for our food as well as our check was unacceptable, so I don't see us going back.
I love this place. Best Indian food around here. And the most awesome free chai ever!

My favorites here are the mango lassi, the garlic naan and the chicken makhani! And I pretty much order the same thing every single time! But at times when I'm feeling adventurous, I go for the Goan fish curry (probably the only time I'll touch fish in non-sushi form) or the chicken biryani!

They have a big menu to choose from and the food is as authentic as it gets. They do tone the spice levels down quite a bit though - which might be a good or bad thing depending on how spicy you like your food to be :-)

I love this place and take all my non-Indian friends here whenever they crave Indian food! I'd vouch for it's awesomeness any day!
It ok but not great and service is so so.
My fav is the Chicken Tikka Masala and their seasoned rice.
Their Samosas Choley is good w/ the red sauce.
I will work for this stuff. (frequneter)

The gal that serves us water is super fast and efficient.
My fav server is Suaznne (sp?). She's fast, outgoing, friendly, gets stuff done.

chicken tikka masala 14.95
seasoned rice 2.95 (?)
samosas choley 6.95

I blow my paycheque here cuz the stuff I order above is yumminess.

I like the open atmosphere of this place.

they got belly dancing performances (dancer walks around shaking it while you eat) Fridays 7:30 PM ish.

Just remember they are closed Mondays,
and have specific operating times for lunch (I think noon to 2:30?)
The staff are very friendly here,
but the chicken tikka masala has gone downhill since I last posted my review.

It got a lot more runny/ watery and lacks the flavor it used to have.

Kind of disappointed bc it was my weekly fav dish.
This has to be one of the best indian restaurants I've been to internationally. They've nailed a lot of dishes down perfectly to that "Restaurant Style Indian Food for America" type of cuisine.

I've been here 3 times now and the food has consistently been good, which is a good sign. And I'm referring to the location near 50th-something street and Bell (there is another one I've heard is NOT as good as this place with the same name). I've tried the tandoor chicken, lamb tikka masala, karahi chicken and chicken makhani. The naan is really good too. The free chai is the icing on the cake.

Their meat is really always juicy and tender, barely EVER dry like it is at so many other indian restaurants. I'm very apprehensive about eating at 95% of indian restaurants anyway...as most re-use other people's food, over/undercook things, or grossly underflavor things.

We've had the same waitress all 3 times...I'll agree, the service from her end could really use some major improvement. BUT, Indian restaurants in general are FAR from perfect, and some leeway is required.

Would definitely eat here again, even if I were disappointed at least once.
agree the tikka masala has gone a little thin in the past few months . will only go here on a lunch hour so i can order the special and get a good value. last trip 4 people had lunch and a 2 had a glass of wine and it was $ 100 since everyone ordered ala carte too steep for the amount of food you get.
I dined here for the very first time last night, so I can not comment on the consistency of the food or service, just my one time experience.

We were immediately greeted and seated when we arrived, and when the gentlemen found out that we had not been there before he told us all about the weekend experience with the belly dancing, and hookah. He also told us to make reservations for the weekends, cause they do get very busy.

Our Waiter was very nice, and offered up some great suggestions for noobs like us (this was only my 2nd time eating Indian food). We ended up ordering the Chicken Tikki Masala, and the Coconut chicken w/ rice. The food arrived reasonably quickly, and neither dish was runny at all like other reviews point out. Everything was hot, and delicious, and there was enough left over for probably 1 meal. It did take awhile for our server to get our check to us, but he was very aware cause when he brought our check he also brought some complimentary ice cream as an apology and a thank you for our patience.

Over all I had a great experience at this restaurant and wish it hadn't taken us so long to try. We will be back.
This is the first time I have eaten Indian food, so I would not be able to say if it is the best around. Here is what I do know, I had the lamb tikka marsala. It was very good and they brought the chutneys on the side so I could adjust the heat according to my own white boy whimpy palate.

The service was good and I will be back to try other things to expand my culinary boundaries.
We are north Indians and know our North Indian Restaurant food well. We've been going here from a long time now, we love the food here. Earlier was a mix of dine in and take out as the belly dancer is annoying. It is for bachelor's to come drink, look enjoy but most families cannot tolerate it. Seriously she knows a Squat about the songs she is dancing on, and they all are kinda old bollywood songs they dont update themselves music wise. But I really appreciate her trying to make a good time for evreyone. 

we went once in an afternoon, and decided to order some snack items like chhole bhature, it was horrible as the oil was swimming on it and i could not eat it. I know it is a fried item but the cook should at least try to pat it dry.. but no, he wanted us to have the oil... anyways that is why we stick to our main course.

Since we had our baby we only take out but not very often. But yes no doubt the food is good. we love paneer, malai kofta, chili paneer, paneer tandoori, which is actually called Paneer Tikka in india. 

The Dal Makhani is sort of a make or break for an Indian restaurant in India and every restaurant has a chef who only makes Dal makhani for them.. yes its that important. They cannot get it right, they put Chana Dal in Dal makhani.  REALLY !! When i make it at home i make it better than them. Yes I do.
Tasty food, decent prices and quick service. I especially like the Chilli naan and Malai Kofta here.
Summary:
Without claiming to be the Arizona's foremost expert on Indian cuisine or, in fact, even knowing what the hell I'm talking about; this is my favorite Indian food restaurant. The rice is never sticky, the naan is always perfectly toasted and sacrilegiously tossing chicken tikka masala atop the two of 'em completes an excellent naan taco. This review is pretty much giving that combination of items along with the chicken tikka wrap 5 stars. I certainly can't vouch for the whole menu.

Pricing:
The $6.95(?) chicken tikka wrap on the lunch menu is delicious. Lunch service is prompt. Dinner prices and portions are average. Indian food seems to always be in the $$ range minimum.

Concerns:
If you're thinking about coming here on a Friday or Saturday, you may want to consider calling ahead to find out if you're going to be subjected to Shiva's meal tarnishing minions, the belly dancers, along with the accompanying 100dB Indian techno soundtrack. It only happened to me once and, thank Vishnu, I was signing the bill at the time.
Loved the food or maybe it was the 4 hours of non stop driving that precipitated this. In any case, service was attentive, although we went at nearly closing time. Food was hot and tasty. Not much to complain about, I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for good Indian food.
Awesome service, very nice waitress, and really comfortable and clean interior.

But the food leaves a little something to be desired. It seemed like everyone at the restaurant enjoyed it, but I found the food to be quite plain and probably watered down for the locals. Very high prices for Indian food as well.

Maybe it's just not my taste, but if you go home without any stomach pains, it probably wasn't real Indian food.
Not much I can say other than this place is good and tandoori village is awful. I had the Lamb curry, and my wife had the Chicken Tikka Masala. It was all wonderful, I wouldn't order the Paneer Pakora again but that's ok. It'll save us some money. Like I said, really really good.
The food is totally terrible. Me being from India, I expected a bit more from this restaurant, but looks like the chef just forgot how to put out a good dish. I ordered a Paneer saag which was bland, watery and lacked any flavor what so ever. The paneer was old and fragmented, distasteful and above all, it was STALE. I would never pay $11 for a dish and get stale food. The soda had no fizz and wasnt cold enough, The music was so loud that I had to shout if I had to talk to my wife sitting across the table from me. The ambience is poor and the lighting is so dull that it resembles more like a whore house rather than a restaurant. I am never going back to this restaurant or any of its other locations. The food is utter boring and would suit a palette which has no taste of spices. Disappointing.
Everytime I come here I remind myself to put it higher on my list... ya the decor is kinda kitchy...  the food is quite good... that is why you go to restaurant isn't it.. there is naan is spot on and the lamb dishes simply rock.. Puts the greek places to shame... I have my favorites but have never anything here that I would put in the bad column. Authentic works here.
This is one of the better places to go for Indian food. I have only had the lunch items at this place. I usually go with either the chicken or lamb lunch special. It's pretty clean and service was good for a busy lunch time. I hear they have a belly dancer on Friday evenings.
Work in the area, so I've stopped by with coworkers countless times.  The service has been bad 9 out of 10 times.  But the food is some of the best Indian food in town, lunch specials are really good and the happy hour is great, so until now I just put up with it...

...Until today, when I tried to call in an order and they hung up on me.  Three times.  Literally just clicked the button to end the call without even picking up, and left me in a confused silence - I had full bars.  I hope it was just a phone problem, but honestly, it didn't seem that way. 

Also, splitting a check here is an absolute nightmare.  They write all the checks by hand and refuse to get some form of electronic system.  I understand that splitting a check 10 ways is crazy, but there's only typically 3-4 of us.  Depending on who waits on you, they will throw a fit when you ask to split the bill.  The saving grace though, is there's one waiter who's always really good and will do it for us no problem.  Everytime we go, we pray that we get placed in his section...haha.

Honestly I can't say I won't come back, because there isn't much else in the area and the food itself is really good.   But don't expect any form of hospitality, and don't bother during full-price hours.  The dinner prices aren't work this.  I'm not a fancy restaurant type of person, I don't require top-notch service.  But I'd at least like to not wait 40 minutes for food during my lunch hour, then another 40 for the waitress to bring the bill, and have her get angry at us for trying to pay the damn bill.
I absolutely love the food here, everything is cooked and seasoned to perfection. The service is sometimes a little slow, but I go for dinner and don't mind since the food is so delicious. The naan is so good, and the tandoori wraps are amazing.
In short : Very Very tasty Indian Non-Veg Food. Service is Ok. Pricing is a little to the higher side.

Tandoori chicken is well cooked. Lamb Biryani is my Favorite. Chicken Biryani is excellent. (I'm a fan of Biryani(s) ). Yes, the Naan is good and chicken masala is the perfect side.
Do not try out Veggie curries here. Mostly they are not well cooked or seasoned.
Staff is Ok. Service is a little delayed, but understandable.

I've been there only for Dinners and the Ambience looks intimate. Somedays they have a belly dancer (well she's good with Bollywood songs too )

They seem to have some happy hours and lunch time discounts, but I've tried out only Dinners and the pricing is a little to the higher side.

Bottom Line : Tasty Food, Need to carry a heavy Valet, Suitable if you are planning to impress someone.
I rate this place a 3.5. My wife and I eat here often because we love the food, particularly their lamb dishes. The lamb kebabs are terrific and the lamb tikka masala is one of the tastiest dishes I've had anywhere. They make great naan (the chile and potato varieties are the real standouts). The onion bhaji is also a must.

A word of caution: Stay away Friday and Saturday nights if you don't like belly dancing. Having some proto-stripper clang loud-@$$ zills (finger symbols) in my ear while I try to eat does nothing for me...nothing good at least. Also, belly dancing is of Mid-Eastern origin so I have no idea why it would be featured at an Indian Restaurant. If I wanted to watch a stripper, I'd prefer to do so the old fashioned way. At a club of ill repute, in the dark, where the staff and I can both veil our combined sense humiliation and degradation. Also be on the lookout for the owner. Be prepared for endless conversation if he's there and drinking.

I'll will be returning to Tandoori Times often, but I'll be hiding out, averting my eyes and leaving my handful of singles at home!
So delicious! The amazing spices are going to haunt my dreams!

Unlimited chai, mango lassi, matter paneer and garlic naan... I almost died. Stole some of my boyfriend's raita that came with his lamb biryani (which was enough to feed two hungry people very happily) since my matter paneer was so deliciously spicy!

We were one of two guests on a Thursday night and waited for nothing, service was amazing, our server had great suggestions for both of us.
Good food. Spicy, I was sweating like a wh. on quarter night. They just need to stay stocked better though... OUT OF TWO OF 4 ITEMS WE ORDERED INCLUDING RICE PUDDIN
They serve one of the best tandoori chicken in the valley. Unlimited Chai !Service is good.

If you are looking for a quiet dinner avoid Fri,Sat and Sun. They have Belly Dancing and the worst part is they put the music so LOUD, the even its difficult for the server to hear you
This place is fantastic! I loved the Chicken Tiki Masala, the tandoori chicken is amazing! The service was great even when we came in close to closing time!! They gave us great food and it tasted great!!
I'm so disappointed in the decline of this restaurant. I once loved the food here. But my last experience was so bad that I haven't been back. We came for lunch and the place was nearly empty (that should have alerted me. Normally it was at least half full a few minutes after opening.) We ordered. I'd brought a friend who loved Indian food and hadn't discovered this place. She was very excited about coming and the free Chai. After ordering we walked over to the Chai station and drew  two cups. Ugh. It was watery, milky and bitter. It tasted old and not at all up to their normal standard. I mentioned the poor quality to the server, who was really trying to be helpful. I even went over and got her a cup and she couldn't drink it. She went to the back and come out and said, "The cook's don't want to make a fresh batch."  Whaaa?  So we dumped the chai and waited for our food. I ordered  the Chicken Tandoori with garlic Naan and my friend had the Chicken Tikka Salad and we waited. And waited. And waited. You could hear arguing for the kitchen. Not a good sign. The server avoided us. After 45 minutes I called her over.  She said the food for coming.  I drank a lot of water while waiting so off to the bathroom and on my way I pass a staff member leaning over a counter eating his lunch. They just opened!? They had customers!? When the food finally arrived it is...meh...not the quality I was accustomed to and not the place I'd bring anyone else for sure. This visit was on March 15, 2012. I haven't been back since to a place that was once a regular once a month stop.  Oh yeah. And my friend hasn't been back either.  I honestly think it has a big management problem.
This place is fantastic! It is a bit of a hidden gem, not easily seen from the road. We got the chicken tikka masala (wonderful) and the curried chicken which I have dubbed the best I've ever had! We also got the naan basket which is several different flavors of naan. We will definitely be going back. Food was amazing, service was fantastic!!
If you know Indian food then you can tell upon entering that this is the real deal.. These people know how to cook and are proud of it... I saw somebody using what looked to be the size of a boat oar in a pot almost big enough to get in and it smelled like heaven.... I sometimes just order the naan bread on my way home to accompany a salad.... it is like 3 bucks and the best in town...  you can close your eyes and pick anything off the menu and you will not be disappointed..
Me and the wife were in the mood for something different... Indian food was something different for us so we Yelped something Indian and this spot popped up! 

So we entered and were greeted by the waitress, nice little place. I look around and the atmosphere is nice, theres a few families in there, some people at the bar, your usual nice atmosphere. We really wanted some authentic Indian food, and as far as I can tell, I think we found it. Because we had no experience with Authentic Indian food, I had to give it the "Authenticity Test"... here's the test... When you want to find out how authentic and ethnic restaurant is, you look at how ethnic its population is. This restaurant passed the test. It was very nice and refreshing to see the diversity in this place. We proceeded to look very lost and confused about their huge menu so I  asked the waitress for help because we were clueless to the lingo on the menu and she was really cool about it, she explained what everything was, and how you pair it... 

We began with the Samosas, a pastry filled with potato and green peas, with garbanzo beans on the side, served with three different chutnies, a green one, a red one, and then some pickled stuff there was ginger in there for sure, the Samosa was really good, but I gotta say the garbanzos were freakin delicious.... it was freakin' good, all of it! Then we ordered the Chicken Tikki Masala, with some rice and Naan... the whole thing was gone... 

I guess the best thing I can say is that this place from the sounds of it seems very authentic, the food is good, and the server was cool... the only thing that I felt awkward about was around 7:30 a belly dancer came out and I honestly didn't know what to do... I had my pregnant wife sitting next to me while this girl is doing her thing... didn't really know the etiquette, I reached for a dollar, then realized I was in the wrong place... then everybody else started to take out dollars... so then i got confused... it was a weird dynamic... didn't know where to look, like, if i looked did I look like a pervert, I mean there's families around!!! But at the same time I think I was supposed to! So from the looks of it... you give her a dollar, but then she'll stand you up and make you dance with her... take what you will from this... go there it was a cool experience.
I went about a year ago because of a groupon. We had just moved to the valley and were jonesing for some Indian food. This place had some pretty good reviews- so we took our groupon and checked it out. 

The atmosphere is really nice. It is upscale and has a nice decor. It is different than a lot of the more run down Indian places I have been to. 

Anyways, thank god we had a groupon. This place was so expensive. I have had Indian food in different parts of the world (Germany, California, Kentucky, and Georgia) and was shocked at the prices. Plus here (and other valley Indian places) you have to pay for rice. Why do I have to pay for rice? How am I supposed to eat this liquid delishness without a semi-solid medium to bring to my mouth? I know its only 1-2 dollars, but its the principle. Just give me rice! And keep it coming. Don't nickle dime your customers, I was already paying 13 dollars for an entree. 

The food was really good. I enjoyed it. I had my usual of Paneer tike masala and it was perfect. Husband had chicken vindaloo and liked it. He is a hot and spicey lover, and like most restaurants it did not quite bring the heat. He wants to enjoy his meal with tears streaming down his face and his sinuses cleared for the next year. This place while flavorful, did not bring the heat he so desperately is searching for. We also shared some naan, and I don't really remember if it was good or bad, so I guess it was just ok.

So I liked this place, but will I be back? No probably not, its just too rich for my blood. I am still on the hunt for spicy, delicious Indian food that is cheap in the valley. Anybody know where I can get some?
We are regulars here.  Any place that my 6-year-old daughter will go to that doesn't have an indoor playground must be good.
Love the Chicken Tika Masala.  Spiced to order.  Last few times we went, they did not have the 'Flying Horse Royal Lager', which is a bummer.  Would give 5 stars if they didn't 'nickle-and-dime' you over the rice and naan - should be included with an entre!
I had dinner 2 weeks ago with my friend @ this restaurant . 
Food is all tasty but price was kind of expensive for us.
We ordered 
Marsala chicken half size(4 or 5 small chicken) and 2kinds of curry(very small)
N 2 kinds of naan bread(was looks really small )
We paid =50 bucks + 20% tips!
Surprisingly good Indian food in the middle of the desert!  We went with a group and while the service was a tad slow for an empty restaurant, the portions and flavors did not disappoint.  The location is a bit hidden in a strip mall, but don't let that deter you.  I personally enjoyed the variety of the naan they offered and will be back.
May I say I have been here a few times before and I don't think I would have given a 5.
Maybe a 4, or 3 at times. They do get points for the delicious free chai, though.

This time, the company  made all the difference... I went with a group of coworkers/friends from India, I arrived late and they had already ordered (we usually eat family style, which I love)...

What a great surprise their choices were... We first got 3 different dishes, all dry... one chicken, one fish and one I believe was lamb, that last one looks to me like sausage/hamburger meat consistency... (I need to learn my names)

Then we got rice (white and saffron) and biryani. Plus 3 dishes with reddish sauce (fish, chicken and shrimp)...

Plus 2 baskets of naan... I think only the naan in the top was garlic and the ones at the bottom were plain, but they were still very good. Also, I asked for some butter to eat with a piece of naan an they brought me what seemed to be real, rich, flavorful butter. Yum...

Plus, let me say it again... the free chai. Delicious chai.

Well, if you don't take sugar you may want to take your own sweetener because they only have sugar and Sweet'n Low...

Of course, the service was very good, and may I add that in the past we have asked for split checks and they don't seem to frown about it.
Most authentic Indian food outside of India!  I know, because I've been!   Don't let the idea of  exotic food scare you away...there's something for everyone here, even vegetarians and children!  Try the paneer (pressed cheese) dishes or samosas choley if you don't like meat.  Try the chicken or paneer Makhani if you don't like the heat!  For medium-spicy dishes, the Chicken Tikka Masala is excellent with a side of rice and naan bread!  If you want a bite of something that'll bite you back with a really great flavor, try the Tandoor Fish wrap!  The key to eating reasonably is to go as a group of 2 or more, get rice and naan and a couple different items to share with the entire table.  You don't have to drink alcohol, but there's a full service bar at all 3 of the Tandoori Times locations and the beer selection is above-average!  This is the 2nd of the 3 locations and features a nice inside area with a squishy, but comfortable patio where you can enjoy hookah while you eat.  Bellydancers join the fun on Friday and Saturday nights.  Decent value if you crave very good quality food, an exotic atmosphere and an authentic Indian experience.  Ok, the bellydancing isn't exactly authentic, but it's definitely exciting!  One of my favorite weekend hangouts...solid 5 out of 5!
I'm giving them an extra star for their lunch specials which is an incredible value for the amount of food that you get. 

This is my favorite Indian restaurant in the area. It's right next to school! Favorites include Achari lamb...Mmm so flavorful with no hint of gaminess, and the lunch portion will feed you for several meals. I've also had the chicken tikka masala which was good and chicken biryani which came with a HUGE side of raita, yay! Biryani is the food of my people (Bengalis) so I am very picky when it comes to it. I'd say TT2s biryani satisfies my cravings. I also love to end my meal with their complimentary chai. Watered down some days, good other days. 

Didn't care for the chicken tikka wrap lunch special, thought it was too dry. Their naan is too doughy for my liking; I prefer mine light and a little crispy. Other than that I have no complaints thus far. 

Their decor is nice, and their dinner prices are pretty standard for a nice Indian restaurant. Their red meat is halal too! Definitely will be frequenting this place!
I have visited this restaurant multiple times, mostly as a part of a large party (greater than 6) and I'm impressed at the quality of service. 

The ambiance is nice and the belly dancing on Friday nights are pretty good (people really get into it!), although it does get loud due to the music. 

The staff is pretty friendly and generally let you know right away if something is not available and suggests alternatives. I have found that some of the tables do not have the necessary spoon/fork/knife at times and the staff does not bother to check that.

The food is generally good, but I have been disappointed once by the okra curry (bhindi masala), it was not what I expected. The quantity of food is good and for $20, we usually end up eating a lot and even taking some food home. 

The free Chai (tea) is an added bonus!
Tandoori-Times 2 is a restaurant that has reached a new low among Indian restaurants servicing the Phoenix area. I was there on Friday night last month to pick up lamb biryani that I'd ordered through phone. Having eaten some really good (and bad) biryanis across many states (CA, TX, IL, NC, FL etc.), I didn't expect great things here, especially after seeing the reviews on Yelp. But I still decided to give this place a benefit of doubt. And boy was I in for a rude surprise. The lamb biryani, as this place calls it, consisted of a few boiled lamb pieces thrown into rice that was already mixed with some gravy. It absolutely had no taste, flavor or at least the looks to pass of as biryani; it was simply distasteful.

I was so repulsed with what I got that I felt like going back and asking the cook which fool taught him to make biryani like this. This place rightly deserves all the negative feedback its been getting lately. I've advised all my colleagues and friends never to eat here.
Lovely food, terrible service. Just entered for lunch as the second table of the day. Got water immediately from water guy. Waiter saw me and started cleaning trays behind counter. 5 mins later I made eye contact with him again and back to cleaning trays he went. 5 mins later I left with water guy giving me a 'sorry' look as I exited.
Tasty lamb dishes and the garlic naan is addicting. Will be back!
I love their food but I'm only giving 3 stars because of the poor service we received today.  Our table was ignored for much of the meal.  It took forever to get our order taken, and then when the food finally came out one of the meals was missing and the server was completely unapologetic.  We waited for the last meal to come out and we saw it sitting under the heat lamps while the server was at the cash register doing something else.  Finally one of us got up, walked over to her, and asked if that was his food.  It was his food, and again, she was completely unapologetic.  If I could have tipped less, I would have, but unfortunately gratuity was already added because we had 8 people.
Well I have to admit that I am not a fan of Indian food with my bad experiences I've had in the past. But those past memories started to go deeper and deeper away when I at here. Hence my 4 star review. It reality should be 4.5 stars but this is my first time here and I don't want to waste 5'stars on only one try if possible.

We came on a Sunday night about 9pm so a little late. There were still tables when we sat and I really liked the decor in the restaurant. We ordered and were greeted with great service and ordered Thi chili prawns and curry chicken. Both came out fast and hot. Very tasty.  I'm not a big fan of Indian food, but Tandoori was very good. That's a lot seeing Indian food is not my first choice when we go out to dinner. We will be back here!
I really like this place. We had very good service. The waitress was friendly and helpful so we're the other employees.  I ordered the special beef dish can't think of the name now but it was a bit on the spicy side which I really don't mind. This dish came with naan bread and a delicious side salad oh and rice. They do not skimp on rice. And fyi if you order it as a side you will get the same amount as you would if it came with the special. I decided to upgrade the bread to spicy and that was pretty good too. If you are not into the spicy thing don't do it or even order the beef special I will edit the review later when I get the name of it. own The beef was so tender it just melted in my mouth. I was very pleased that I didn't have to chew meat for five hours or choke to death. Please try the tandoori shrimp appetizer it is the bomb.  the shrimp is very tasty and it seems grilled it has some char like it was. It lies on a bed of some grilled peppers and onions. You will receive a few sauces with your appetizers and they are very good.one is red one is green and the other is a pickled ginger kinda sauce. Each one has their own unique flavors. So it is totally up to your own taste buds. Oh my friend ordered the tiki masala dish and that was so good.  The chicken was cooked to perfection in the beautiful curry sauce. I think it's curry but if you eat Indian food you know what I am talking about. They say most of this food has been cooked in clay ovens. That is why it has an original old school flavor. I will tell you that I will be back. I want to try the wraps. We seen this lady across from us tearing up a wrap... and I am sold. More reviews to come.
Excellent lamb biryani.  Not sure who wrote the opinion about it being bad.  I come here especially for the lamb biryani and onion naan.   Food is 5 stars.  I give overall 4 stars because the food and booze prices are a little high for my budget, but certainly not unreasonable.
Hands down the BEST Chicken Tikka in Phoenix! As good as a middle of the road restaurant in England - in other words WAY better than anywhere else I have found in the valley. Highly recommend you try it. Service was ok, tables etc are a bit downmarket, but not offensive.
Food was fantastic had the paneer tikka masala, service was great, never needed to ask for drink refills. Nice place not too loud.
The food here is beyond bad. I've tried several things on the menu and found all of them to be ridiculously terrible. I'm really confused where these positive reviews come from. I would have to assume its people who've never had English/Indian food before (which is definitely possible in Glendale Arizona) but this place should be ashamed.

It's certainly not saved by at service either, no specifics but let's just say their ability to handle a disgruntled customer leaves something to be desired.

Just don't go here.
I was very disappointed with this place. My boyfriend and I went on a Thursday night and the place was almost empty. There were only 4 other tables besides us. When we walked in there was a sign saying to wait to be seated, so we waited, and waited. Finally after about 4 minutes, one of the staff looked up from something behind the bar and noticed us. He instructed us to "sit wherever". We chose a table by a window on the North side of the restaurant(apparently a bad choice) . After another 5 minutes we were given menus. Another 5 minutes later we were brought some water. We placed our order. We had Samosas for an appetizer. They tasted ok but were very dry. They were served with "Tamarind chutney" rather than a tamarind sauce. The chutney was mostly garbanzo beans with some fresh onion and cilantro and a tiny drizzle of tamarind sauce. We ordered Lamb Biryani and Chicken Korma plus rice and Naan. The Naan was very good and the Korma was ok. The Biryani was not good. The lamb was very dry and the dish really just tasted like bell peppers. The Raita was very watery and didn't add any flavor. 

During the meal we were ignored by the waitstaff. There were 2 people working and they checked on the 2 tables on the West side of the restaurant 3 times each while we were trying to flag them down for more water. Both of them hung out behind the bar. One was reading the other seemed to be on the internet. We finally got more water after about 15 minutes. Then we were ignored again while the waitstaff continued to cater to the other tables. We had to flag them down again for our bill, and again to get them to take the money. 

Never again.
We've been here a few times now and every time has been great. Last night we had the chicken tikki masala and chicken makhani with rice and naan. We finished that off and ordered the dessert sampler which was a great way to experience their desserts. Service was great and if I could eat only one dish the rest of my life, it might just be their makhani.
Having lived in New Delhi as a child for 4 years, I have always been on the lookout for a good Indian restaurant in the States, wherever I have lived (I even found a good one in Fort Wayne, Indiana!).  For most Indian restaurants, the trend is to put out large tubs of curries and tandoori chicken made with ready-made pastes.  With pre-made pastes, it is impossible to get a fantastic Indian meal, it must be made with fresh ingredients, from scratch (even down to making your own cheese).  It got to the point that I could not scratch that itch for the authentic tasting stuff so I started making it on my own at home.  Just like Mexican food, the best stuff is made at home, not in the restaurants.  
  
However, the Tandoori Times bistro came along in Scottsdale and I had finally found my culinary nirvana.  Then as if prayers were being answered, Tandoori Times 2 came to Glendale.  Their tandoori chicken is exactly as I remembered it at Modhi Mahal's in Delhi, as is the dal, nan, mattar paneer.  
  
I've read a lot of mixed reviews of TT2 here on Yelp ranging from "beyond bad" to exquisite.  I don't understand this, maybe because most Americans don't know what to expect with Indian food because they either think it's native American food or they've never had it in their life before (most Americans already know Mexican food, whether they like it or not).  One thing about food from India, is that it is an ancient cuisine going back thousands of years.  Mexican food as we know it (tacos, enchiladas, tostadas etc.) is relatively new.  Why is this important to know?  Well, even the rice is different, basmati rice has been developed for thousands of years to get the size of grain and taste:  they CARE about what grain of rice they use, it has to be basmati (Uncle Joe's Brown rice just isn't the same, sorry).  This is the feeling I get from TT2, they know what authentic Indian food is and what it takes to make it and it is no trivial, slap-a-burger-on-the-grill-and-fry-it type of food.  It takes days of preparation to put out the correct recipe and it doesn't come from canned pastes.  
  
This really shows up in the end result at Tandoori Times 2 and makes their somewhat high priced menu worth it if you know what really goes into making good cuisine of India.  Finally someone is putting in the time and effort to making really good Indian food.
I was pleasantly surprised. I'm Indian and so I'm always skeptical of places like this. I thought it was really good. Seriously. Just don't expect an Indian experience it's adapted for a wider audience.
tough call on this one.  been there a few times and the food was great but the service  every time is lacking.  no attention no sense of urgency they just seem kinda bla.  I don't know??. if you go with lower expectations of service you will be fine.  I have always enjoyed the food and never been disappointed with that.
Decided to try this place out with a couple of friends and we were all pleasantly surprised. The waiter was very knowledgeable about the menu and let us know if things were spicy or if they might be out of something. Since our waiter told us that all of the curries are generally mild, I asked to have them make my lamb tikki masala a little more spicy ( like 5 or 6 on a ten point scale) and it came out perfect. To go along with the curry, we got rice and garlic naan (which is like a flatbread - super good). Be warned though, the rice and naan a plate is 2.75 each. Refills on the water were constant which is good because I drink a lot. Oh! and they have free chai tea there which was delicious, if I had known earlier, I would have drank that the whole time during my meal. To top the good experience off, we got the assorted desserts which was graciously given to us for free from our waiter whom I'd like to mention was easy on the eyes. Overall, it was a really great experience and I would come back again.
The food was average, I've had better Naan and fish masala somewhere else. One of my friend got his order wrongly token, so he waited sadly 10 more minutes for his correct order. The Belly Dancer was cool.
I was a little apprehensive about eating Indian food in Glendale - I lived in Los Angeles for years and had access to some pretty amazing Indian food. Tandoori Times 2 is located in a strip mall in Glendale and is honestly pretty unassuming. 
Service was pretty good - our waitress was on top of things and kept our water glasses full and offered her suggestions when prompted. 

For dinner we ordered the 

Samosa Choley: Two crusty pastries stuffed with green peas & potatoes served with garbanzo masala assorted chutney - The pastry was cooked to perfection and the garbanzo bean masala was super flavorful and quite honestly the stand out of the appetizer. 

We also had a an order of the plain naan and the pesto naan - The stand out winner was the classic plain naan! 

The Chicken Tikka Masala was great - the portion was a little on the small size. We ordered a Lamb dish as well which was pretty good. My favorite was the goat curry which is the special offered on Fridays. 

If your in the area and looking for something other than your typical TGI Fridays than this is a great place to explore!
I always stuff myself at TT2 , the food is that wonderful.  I live close by and have been eating here once a month for a few years now.  It never fails me.  Even their desserts are well crafted, and the free Chai is a delight.  A solid, classic neighborhood curry house that brings a smile to my tummy whenever I visit, and I visit often.  You should as well!
Very good Indian food at a fair price.   I have eaten here many times, mostly with coworkers for lunch.   The food is usually above average and the free chai is very good.   The naan is also good.   I've been going here for Indian food since Tandoori Village closed.  I have not noticed any slow or bad service like some other reviewers have.
Their food is so amazing. You can definitely do family style. I don't know exactly what we had. I know the bread was good. And I believe we had shrimp and coconut curry. Those were fantastic. :)
Love the modern spin on the indian food.  High quality food and always good service.  Really good naan and dishes that will satisfy everyone.  Lunch is the best value because dinner is ala carte style so dishes don't come with naan, rice, etc.  This is actually our favorite indian food spot in Phoenix.  Go here!
Great food, but the service is extremely, extremely (yes,  double word is deserved) slow.  I ordered a drink, and the service was so slow at the drink actually showed up after the check. The drink was ordered with dinner!
Great food and A+ service. I am definitely coming back again. We ordered the tandoori shrimp, naan garlic bread and chicken kormi
So here's how our Friday night went down at Tandoori Times 2:

Arrive and walk in the door. Sign says "Please wait to be seated." So we wait, and wait, and wait. A few waitresses made eye contact with us, but no on really bothered coming over to welcome us. There were a couple open tables and I could have sat myself, but you know, in a new place you want to play by the rules as much as possible - so we kept waiting. After about 5 minutes a young lady came over and asked if we'd like to sit in the open table less than 5 feet away. "Yes please." I responded. 

After sitting at an empty table for about 7 more minutes, we still had yet to be given our menus, silverware, or even a cup of water. At this point I wanted to leave, because frankly I wasn't having the best time. 

Fortunately our waters and menus arrived, after being in their doors for about 15 minutes. 

Guess what happened next? If you guessed more waiting, you're right. We say at our table with empty bellies and waters in hand, for about 10 more minutes before our waitress returned. She asked if we were ready to order - I wasn't sure if she meant drinks or food. Fortunately my girlfriend was quick enough to position that we were ready with our whole order.

We ordered a couple soft drinks and all of our food, at this point I think our waitress recognized that we were a bit annoyed by our wait, and promptly returned with our soft drinks. Props to her for some mediocre situational awareness skills. 

Our food came out maybe 10 minutes after we ordered it. Things are looking up! Or so I thought...

About 5 minutes into eating, really loud hookah bar music started pumping through the speaker, then she appeared. The belly dancer. Now I've never seen a real live authentic belly dancer before, so I had pretty unestablished expectations...I was a clean slate. To be as un rude as possible about her appearance - It wasn't the most appetizing thing to watch while eating, frankly I wanted to tip her so that she wasn't dancing in the faces of my date and I but I think tipping would be giving her false signals, such as I enjoyed her presence. 

I feel like tipping a dancer, strip club style and having her stuff it in her garments somehow, is not what should be happening while eating dinner. Unless I'm having the steak special at HiLiter.

After not finishing all the food, because I had lost my appetite, we got the check, paid and left. 

Now I know what Tandoori Times is like. 

I really think they could benefit from nixing the belly dancer from the payroll and investing in a hostess instead. 

I'm giving it two stars, as my girlfriend was amused by my attitude about the place throughout the evening, and the food wasn't even bad! It just came with a really bad experience. Well, at least she had a good time.
Tandoori Times has a number of locations here in the valley and I've had the good fortune of eating at this one and the one located off of I-17 & Cactus.

I've eaten at this location at least 10 times as it's one of my wife's favorite restaurants.  We went on a Thursday night and walked in with a Groupon which they readily accepted.

One of the positives is that they have a full bar and a very nice wine list which my wife appreciates.  I like the full bar in case I want an old fashioned as I'm not much of a wine drinker.

I ordered the lamb vindaloo and the Princess ordered the chicken vindaloo.  The dinner portions are really family style with enough food for a couple of people so needless to say, we went home with leftovers.  It sure didn't hurt my feelings to have to scarf that down for lunch the next day.  The basmati rice is terrific, a little saffron and other spices and it's perfect with the vindaloo over the top of it.

The meal comes with naan and I love naan.  We buy it at Costco just to have around the house.  The naan here is a whole different level than what I pull out of that bag, let me tell you!  Soft, light, and perfectly toasted.  We upgraded to the chili naan which has green chilies sprinkled all over it.  It's awesome, definitely worth the next $1 or whatever it is.

Finished the meal with dessert, (surprise, surprise).  Went with the rice pudding which is of a much lighter consistency that what I would say most Americans are used to. It was very good, perfect way to end the meal and cleanse my palate, which is my argument for always having dessert .  It has the same flavor components as typical rice pudding, cinnamon, raisins, a little nutmeg, just not with the custard-like consistence.

They seem to be gradually upgrading the restaurant with new paint and decorations; it's a very comfortable restaurant with consistently good service.

I think you'll like it.
If the service were as good as the food, they would have gotten four stars.  

First, the chef cannot make ANYTHING spicy.  I don't know if he doesn't know how or he just doesn't care to, but he just cannot make a "chefs hot" dish to match a real Indian chef. He sends out chili powder to the table if you want a dish hotter.  Really lazy and doesn't care is how it seems to me.   We have tried three different times to get a spicy dish. A baby could eat this food. NO heat at all.

The servers are extremely slow.  They have no sense of urgency.  They mostly stand with their elbows on the counter staring out at the dining room. Also, check your check total. They almost always get it wrong -- in their favor by a few bucks. If you come in off peak, they are NOT happy to see you. They will let you know that you have a limited time to eat and they are closing the doors. That is a terrible business practice. 

For the taste of the food, you think this place would be packed. The Groupon will pull you in but the service will send you running.  It is a real shame what the servers do to the reputation of what could be a fine restaurant, but it is management's fault for not keeping an eye on the servers.
The food was bland. The service was kind, but very slow. The naan tasted like Wonder Bread. I have been to many Indian restaurants, some good, and many just okay. In almost all of them, the food was better than in this place. Also, there were more Indian people in all of those restaurants than in this place. That should have been an early hint.
I tried this place after I bought a Groupon for it. I was pleasantly surprised. The lamb tikka masala was awesome! The best I've had in a while. The service was good. It was very clean & i liked how you can see the chefs cooking in the kitchen.  I will definitely be returning.
I wouldn't visit this place. I am from south India and was disappointed with the chicken biriyani served at this place.It was just chicken pieces added to vegetable rice.
The food is so good! Geez the service ruins it for me everytime. Slow. Slow. Slow. shouldnt ever have to ask for a refill on water when thats all your drinking?! At the end of my meal, before asking for the check I asked for more of the yogurt stuff that comes with the biryani. Took forever to get the check and when he brought it I had asked again for the sauce. Upon bringing it back, he mentioned he didnt put the side on the bill... not my fault. But he said it like he was doing me a favor hahah this is not the only time ive had slow service. It just seems like they dont care at all.
I am rating based on my experience. I had been gifted a Groupon from a friend and upon entry I presented it to the waiter. We were happily greeted and seated quickly. The service was nice and they were very attentive. The food was fine. It wasn't spectacular, but good! Wouldn't mind coming again, but perhaps not when its busy.
Great food, tastes fresh and they have something for everyone. The menu has vegetarian, seafood, and meat options. The naan was fantastic and the ambiance is modern, open, and yet cozy as well. 10/10 would eat again.
Indian food in Arizona.

I think Tandoori Times is a solid Indian restaurant for great saucy masala, soft and tender fish, hot crispy naan, and super flavorful chicken.

But minus points for Justin Y. to receive an unpleasant bathroom experience after T.T. and the food took literally forever to come out. 

I really did appreciate the ALL YOU CAN DRINK self-serve chai tea

I liked it. JY didn't.
Pathetic service. I am an Indian and I know how indian food is supposed to taste like. The food I got served was a joke. The server had the balls to argue with me and tell me that I had no idea how indian food is supposed to taste? Really moron I was born and brought up in India. Wish ok could give a minus rating. Want to save money? Never eat here.
We ordered chicken tikka, chicken tikka masala (chef hot), rice and naan bread (with potatoes) and everything tasted amazing. Portions were perfect for the price. Our server was really nice. Very satisfied with our first visit and definitely plan to return!
Good food, good ambiance, great location!

I went to this place a long time back when they first opened. The buffet spread then was not as extensive as some of the other Indian restaurants (e.g., Maharaja). However, what they lacked in food variety, they made up in taste and ambiance. And with its location on Monroe street, it's hard to go wrong with this choice.
My wife and I ate here as it was only a few blocks from our Bed + Breakfast, and easy to get a table. The food was good, but not outstanding. The service was solid and yes, the ambiance was okay (for being in a miniature strip mall/plaza). The restaurant has a cozy feel to it.

We had... two samosa, matar paneer and aloo chana, along with a roti. Nothing stood out as excellent, though the peas + cheese definitely had a leg up on the potatoes + chick peas. The samosa were a bit chewy, but not bad. 

We ordered our food "Medium" spice, and it was pretty hot. I feel like it's always a crap shoot in places like this - are they compensating for me already, or are they talking Hot is the real deal, Indian Hot? We typically choose "Medium" and hope - in this case, it was borderline too spicy. We enjoyed the food, but it was close - if we return, we'll probably go with mild.

The portions were plenty large enough, as is the case with most Indian restaurants.

Overall, the food was fine, the service was great, and we had a nice time. When we return to Madison for our next visit, though, we'll probably try some different places.
This is clearly the best Indian restaurant in town.  Having moved to Madison form Chicago several years ago, I bemoaned the lack of high quality Indian restaurants.  I found the local favorites to be highly over-rated.  That is, until Taste of India opened.  My 5- and 8-year old daughters have come to love Indian food as a result of regularly eating here.  

The lunch buffet is small, but what is offered is excellent.  My preferred meal is dinner: my favorite dish is Chili Chicken (nice and spicy). Other excellent dishes include Mango Chicken, Malai Kofta and Aloo Gobhi.

Incidentally, Swagat (also relatively new) is also excellent, but Taste of India has the edge with its location on charming Monroe Street.
Difficult to beat the buffet.  The price is good and so is the food.  Filling, good flavor, replenished frequently, and good variety.  The sauce can be a bit heavy and thick but that is necessary at a buffet to keep the food from drying out in the heated hotel pans.  Really, nothing bad to say.  Wish I could visit more often.
I had the lunch buffet here.  It was very good, and reasonably priced ($9 for all-you-can-eat).  The bread was outstanding.  Some of the hot food was a little on the heavy side...too buttery for me.  The spices were good...the dishes were strongly seasoned but with some subtlety and complexity.  None of the food here was even remotely spicy (in a hot pepper sense) though.

Why five stars?  More hot-spicy = good.  And less heavy on the dishes.  I also was less-than-impressed by an eggplant dish and a few other dishes that were a little on the bland side.  But overall, the food here was great.  And the bread was REALLY good.

Desserts were also very good--very flavorful and spiced just right!
Amazing food, great service, great prices. Great buffet for lunch and quick take out. I LOVE this place!
I wanted put zero but yelp does not allow.Worst place ever...the owner is rude an thinks that he owns the world....we went in once there...the waiter made us sit and wait only to be told that they don't serve what we wanted...and the to top it all the owner says he didnt have time...seriously I don't know how the food was but in no case can the owner be rude....would never advise anyone to go here... Worst place
I came one day for the lunch buffet as it was my first time eating indian food. Lunch is buffet only. The food was very good and fresh. I highly enjoyed the multiple dishes I had. Would def. go back/again.
Went for dinner last night.  It had been awhile since I'd ventured over to Taste of India, and I believe the last couple of times I had the lunch buffet.   Dinner was thoroughly great. Their chutneys are fresh (seem to be housemade) and flavorful.  

I had the lamb madras- chunks of lamb in a rich sauce redolent of ginger, curry and coconut.  It was really tasty.  The lamb was a bit tougher than I expected, but still good.  I appreciated the server's suggestion that I order it a notch spicier than usual, as otherwise the sweetness of tamarind overwhelms the other flavors.  We split the spinach naan- very plentiful basket for $2.95.  My boyfriend has a standard order nearly every time we eat Indian food; he loves the Tandoori mixed grill.  Although Taste of India serves theirs with raita, and not masala curry sauce as other establishments in Madison do, he proclaimed theirs the best he's had in Madison.  A steaming mound of tandoori chicken, fish, shrimp, and seekh kabob atop surprisingly flavorful red/green bell peppers and onions- even with a little help from me, we took over half of it home.  At $15.95, that's a steal.  The fish was something one doesn't see nearly enough of on the tandoori mixed grill, and it was a standout.  Well worth the trek from east side to west, right down to clean and festive decor and little touches like silver chutney spoons and antique tureens containing my curry.  mmmm.
My wife and I were long overdue for a date night.  
We had some coupons to choose from and Kathy decided on Taste of India.
We arrived just before the dinner rush kicked in.
We went with the non-vegetarian dinner for 2:
Rice Pullao and Fresh Onion Chutney, Mint Chutney, 
Tamarind Sauce.
Chicken Pakora, Chicken Tikka Masala, Lamb Curry, Tandoori Chicken and Nan and Gulab Jamun Dessert.

The food came out in 3 courses:  Chicken Pakora - App, The Entre items, then dessert.

Too much for the 2 of us to finish so we brought the leftovers home to enjoy.

The service was attentive, but not bothersome, and the food was very good.

We will be going back.
My family and I come here so much for the lunch buffet that they know us. I love their lamb masala and chicken tika masala...great nan and samosas :). I don't know if it's all that authentic, but it sure is tasty!
Our go-to Indian place for dine-in or take-out. Lots of tasty food & attentive staff.
Food is delicious. I've never had to wait in line or for service. The wait staff is very polite and make great recommendations. It is great little gem and one of Madison's best kept secret restaurants - there aren't many of those... This place is cozy and I enjoy it over and over again.
Taste of India is the real deal.  They are careful to maintain their buffet and replenish frequently.  The quality of every dish is treated as important, and it shows.

They have a lot of the standards, but after several visits, we find it one of the two best in Madison.  Best gulab jammon anywhere.

Service is also well done.  Never a wait.  Even the buffet service is carefully maintained.

This is a simple place, but very well done.
My go to India place in Madison.  Flavors are all there and the service is spot on.  Take out is fast and dinning in is a pleasure.  Good nice staff as well.
Went here Friday night. It's a fairly small place, with seating for maybe about 30ish people, and I'd say they were about half full. So, no wait for a table, and we had quick and attentive service. 

We ordered the samosas, goat curry, spinach paneer (both at "medium" spiciness), regular naan, and garlic naan (along with a couple of Kingfisher beers). The spinach paneer was really excellent: creamy, thick, and with just the right amount of heat and seasoning. The samosas were pretty standard, though especially good because of how right-out-of-the-fryer crispy they were. The naan was just fine. The goat curry was the only disappointment, with not nearly as much meat as I would have liked/expected, especially at around $13. Next time I might stick to veggie options.
My favorite Indian place. Although we eat there often, my husband and I always get the same thing. We share the Vegetarian Platter (mixed appetizers, mmmm) and I get the Paneer Tikka (ahh! the yogurt sauce!), while he has Lamb Pasanda. It's so good we don't want to get anything else. 

Recently, we ordered take out with friends, and we also tried their Chicken Makhani. It was much pinker than other chicken makhani I've had (and made), and tasted a little different. It kind of looked like chicken vindaloo or tandoori chicken, but anyway it was really good. Creamy and flavorful but not too spicy. 

The service at the restaurant is always fantastic, they constantly refill your water glasses and the food comes quickly. No surprise that even though it is off the beaten path, it is almost always crowded. Someday I hope to try their buffet so we can branch out a little...
Great food, pleasant service and very fresh weekend buffet with a wide selection of choices. The carrot dessert is insane. And they're very nice to kids here.
For some odd reason we haven't stopped into this restaurant which coincidentally is down the street from our home. That won't happen again. Although I've made curry and "indian" dishes in the past, this gives me something to shoot for the next time my wife and I cook. Service, food, presentation, all that. We had the Vegetarian dinner for two that fit everything we were looking for on a cool spring evening in Madison, WI. Although off the main drag on Monroe Street, this place is worth your time and money.
The service is okay, not great. The selection is not that many though they have coconut ice-cream in addition to their mango one. 
The taste is not spectacular either. 
I was a bit disappointed that the waiter didn't come to fill up our glasses until I asked them to do so. Not sure if we want to be back. Other place offers a much better choice.
Solid Indian food in Madison which is tough to come by 
Portions are a little small for the price in regards to the dinner menu
Yum. Great Indian food on Monroe st.

My pick up experience was quick and easy. I called in my order outside and my food was ready in about ten minutes. Being somewhat of a rice freak, I asked for an extra portion after I realized they only provided a small togo package of rice. They were nice and gracious enough to provide extra rice at no additional charge.

My roasted eggplant dish was delicious with the right amount of heat. The naan was very soft and tasty. I had enough for dinner and saved leftovers for lunch the next day. I suspect that I might be picking up dinner here more than once, while I am in Madison.

Most definitely a fan!
This is my favorite Indian restaurant in Madison. I love lunch buffet. There are a lot of delicious vegetarian choices.  Lentil soup. Samosas. Vegetable Korma. Saag paneer. They provide great service too. One time they did not have saag paneer and my 4 year old was very disappointed. They responded by making it special for her.
Monroe Street was busy today and all of the restaurants were packed for lunch. Bluphie's is pretty mediocre, so we decided to try Taste of India. 

We had the lunch buffet, which offered typical Indian dishes. It had everything I wanted and expected, and it all tasted good. 

The service was very good too. Waters were refilled quickly and my coffee cup was refilled multiple times without even asking for refills! Staff members weren't too chatty, but when paying our bill they were very kind.

The restaurant was clean and nicely decorated. 

It's a solid bet if you are in the mood for Indian food.
This is my family's favorite Indian place in Madison. The food is always delicious, and the staff remember us and out usual orders and we are treated like family. You can also order carry out and the food is just as good. The decor is a little outdated. The carpet could use an update.
Maybe I don't like Indian food, but I just don't like this place. My boyfriend has forced me a few times to go to the lunch buffet. The service usually sucks. We never get soda refills. One of the desserts tasted like Pinesol. It was really weird and we made our friends try it because of how dead on it was.
The second location of Bombay Spice is now open!  It's conveniently located on the north west corner of Tatum and Shea in the Whole Foods/Soma Cafe shopping center.

I went with a group of 7 on Tuesday night for dinner and 6 out of 7 of us loved it... sorry again, Marc - I felt awful that we all enjoyed and you did not.  Let me explain:

Since I'd been to the 16th street location before, i suggested Bombay Spice to mix things up a bit.  The group I was with are pretty healthy health conscious so I thought they may enjoy Indian food done healthy...

We shared the chickpea ceviche as an appetizer and then most of us ordered the different rice bowls as entrees.  We had fun with the variety of sauces too.  Favorite choices included the cauliflower, eggplant, chicken tikka masala, and veggie tofu tikka as well as the mint, hot, and curry sauces.  Unfortunately, Marc is allergic to onions and everything he attempted to order had onions in it.  By the time he placed an order for plain chicken and rice, we were all almost done and the kitchen was slammed and didn't prioritize his order (as they should have).  So, Marc didn't eat.  :(

I will return for sure for the food - it's prepared for the health conscious eater and it is not as heavy as traditional Indian Food - I happen to like that!  NOTE: if you are allergic or really hate onions, be careful about ordering so you don't starve like my friend Marc did!
3 stars for the food with an additional star for originality, service and decor.

We were a bit hesitant to try Bombay Spice after reading Mr K's review on their first location.  It seems that the owners have taken Mr K's advice to heart and upped the level of spice.

Bombay Spice offers a healthy interpretation of Indian food by not deepfrying, not using butter, ghee (clarified butter), or cream.

Unfortunately this means that the Samosa loses all crunch with the filling steaming up the outer pastry.  The potato filling was nicely spiced  but that still didn't make up for the soft exterior.

The Chickpea Ceviche - a grander name for the Indian street snack Bhel Puri on the other hand would have benefited from more spices.  The Pappadums that are offered with it is a nice crispy contrast to the cool and tangy combination of chickpeas, cucumbers, tamarind, mint and coriander.

Not sure why I ordered the Seared Scallops in landlocked Phoenix.  I still remember Spike on Top Chef this season madly drying his frozen scallops and still did not manage get the crispy outer sear on his scallops.  Similarly these had a nice dark sear but the exterior was not in the least bit crispy.  The veggie skewer accompanying it had nice smokiness from being chargrilled.

The lamb chops or more appropriately lamb lollipops on the other hand was overly spiced.  We wish it was served with some starch or even a few slices of cucumber for contrast.

A great alternative to the usually heavy Indian food.  I will definitely give them another try in hopes that they get their spicing under control.  I love the decor and the way the chef came out to describe food reminded us of ourselves at our ice cream shop.  Hooray for independents with innovative original concepts!
First, I love that Bombay is walking distance from our house!  

Great wine list of 40 bottles and all at $6 a glass or $20 a bottle.   I can't wait to work my way through the list.  Martinis, Cosmos also available.  Fresh lime juice for the margaritas were outstanding.  I could drink them everyday with a great tequila.  Wink to Mike!  I'll keep my fingers crossed.  

We had the Chickpea Ceviche, Beef Tikka, Lamp Chops, Rice pudding (yum).  We enjoyed all of the sauces.  I love the Chai Tea.  I used to drive thru Coffee Bean now I stop by Bombay Spice and get one to go for half the price!  And it taste better.  

The quality is outstanding and healthy, the price is right and the staff is warm and friendly.  Thanks for being our new neighbor Bombay Spice!
I've driven by their other location about a million times and I've always said "we've got to try that place someday..."  Well, last weeked, after arguing a bit about where to eat (a typical conversation at my house), we pulled in here on the way home from the shop.  I am so glad that it is on the way home from work...this was one of the best meals we had in a long time.

The restaurant is pretty new, and you can still tell - at a new place, the staff is abundant (there appeared to be two hostesses for this small 35-50 seater) and everything is hyper clean.  I loved the decor - simple, yet bright and cheerful (although the homemade school project art was a letdown).

The menu (once explained) was interesting.  We both had combination plates so we could sample different flavors and sauces and we had a blast eating off of each other's plates.  The Beef Tikka was probably our favorite.  The curry isn't too strong, but the curry sauce added a bit of punch and heat that seemed to be missing from the dish itself.  This probably helps those diners who are spice-a-phobic, but we could have taken a little extra oomph.

Overall though, it was a great meal and very affordable considering all the food we enjoyed.  The wine menu was great too - we'll definitely be back.  Congrats to the owners and staff for hitting a home run.
Mmm!  Delicious Indian food and a great selection of vegetarian dishes.

I LOVE the fact that each dish is mildly spiced, and left up to the individual to customize the flavor depending on which sauces they choose.  I'm a spicy lightweight so it was great that I didn't have to worry about getting something too hot to enjoy.

I had a bowl of brown rice, cumin potatoes and tofu masala with a cool yogurt-cucumber-mint sauce on the side.  It was fantastic!  I can't wait to go back.

...also, I thought it was adorable that we were given a golden dollar coin with our check for "making the drive to their location and to compensate for high-gas prices".  A memorable gesture!
I have to say I used to be really scared of Indian food. No longer!

My first time with Indian food was definitely a pleasant one. I thought the food was very good and not too spicy. 

And right now they are doing this Golden dollar campaign where they give you a dollar for coming to the restaurant because they think that is the amount of gas money you spent getting there. 

How nice and conscientious of you Bombay Spice!
I met a friend here for lunch today because I needed to get out of the house (thank you Kylee if you are reading this). I also had a craving for Indian. Now, I'm also trying to watch what I eat so Bombay Spice seemed to be a good option.

Let's get one thing out of the way. If Indian food was a bike, this would be a tricycle. Or something with training wheels. Meaning...this isn't authentic Indian food. 

That said, it's very good. And very healthy. It's a little light on spice but the food still has good flavor. They have shakers of garam masala and another spice mix that has red chiles in it but the name escapes me. Additionally, the entrees come with raita and a choice of another spice so if you'd like more heat, order the hot sauce which I did. It provided the extra heat I was looking for.

I got the shrimp tikka masala and the eggplant with a side of brown rice, a papadum, and a whole wheat chappti. Huge freaking portions of the rice and eggplant. The shrimp was disappointing...just three shrimp swimming in a sea of sauce. Now, the sauce was good but three? Come on, give me a little more. My dining companion had the chicken tikka masala and cumin potatoes. Her portions were equally as big. She also ordered the tamarind sauce which was nice, almost a bit like teriyaki sauce. All of the food came out within minutes of us ordering.

I also enjoyed the wine list. Glass are $6, flights are $9, and a bottle is $20. Our server also said that we could order a bottle and if we didn't finish it they'd cork it and let us take it. 

One thing I particularly like about Bombay Spice is the ability to order online. I hate ordering on the phone because it always seems like a recipe for disaster; you never get what you ordered. The ability to order online is also a life saver when you're like me, frequently stuck on a teleconference but desperately hungry.

I left happy and full. And I can't wait to return here with my family and friends. I highly recommend Bombay Spice for people who have never experienced Indian food but are curious about it.
This is not an Indian food place. This is a faux indian food. Bland food with no gravy.
Just be aware that this is not Indian food. I'm not trying to be rude or offend anyone but a lot of non-Indians are making comments about this place as if they are getting genuine Indian food. That would be the equivalent of someone eating at Taco Bell and then saying they had great Mexican food.

Yes, the food is not heavy because....IT'S NOT INDIAN FOOD!  The owner is a multi-millionaire engineer who opened this place with the intent of appealing to the mainstream. In short, this is the PF Changs of Indian food.  It's designed to appeal to non-Indians. The food is deliberately less seasoned to appeal to palates that can't withstand spicy food.  The food has also has several contemporary American twists on it to also appeal to the mainstream. There is nothing wrong with that but Bombay Spice should not be approached as an Indian restaurant but rather a swank a little Indian-American fusion eatery.  If you want to try something different that is still tasty, check it out. If you just moved here and are craving good ole fashioned Indian food, check out Royal Taj, Guru Palace, and Dehli Palace
I think the best thing about this place is the bread. Everything else is average and if you want authentic cuisine, this is not it. But its not heavy. The service was not great, although I think the workers tried hard, they just seemed understaffed.
I was surprised on how good the hummus was at Bombay Spice.  Having never seen hummus on the menu of an Indian food restaurant, I was curious to try it out.  The hummus had a good consistency and it was yummy on the Naan bread.

Bombay Spice offers many dishes for vegetarians.  The potatoes, lentils, and rice are all good.

The prices are a little high for everyday dining, but the happy hour specials are great.
GR8 little place!  Live so close by, wanted to try for ages, GLAD I FINALLY DID!  
Happy Hr is fabby: $4 wines & tappas. 
LUVED the ChickPea Ceviche - Y U M
Chicken skewers go well with above
Twin Humus Plate was a nice change
kids menu $4 w/drink - W O W
Will definately be back :-)
First, I don't give four stars easily, but this place deserves it. Indian food is tough in any city, most of it greasy, and undistinguished. This place was really good, why? First, it was very fresh, not greasy, but authentic. The chicken, beef and lamb tikkas, (skewers) were terrific, all the sauces were excellent....The chapati bread was whole wheat, warm and very nice. Paratha, stuffed bread w chix and potatoes were also excellent. Hot chai tea very good as well, not too sweet....There were only two of us so we could only sample a few dishes, but we will return with friends...All the dishes being served to other diners looked excellent. In very hip cities, NY Vancouver there is a trend toward modern Indian cuisine, much like Bombay Spice...Give it a try, definitely...
This food is amazing.  They have a great happy hour.  I haven't had a bad experience yet.
do not come here if you want Indian cuisine! 

I should have read other reviews more closely.  do I really want hummus or ceviche at an indian restaurant? this place is more for wine and tapas.  The decor is very hip and trendy but I dine out for the food and I thought the food was bland and tasteless.  

entrees were high at $14 each plate and comes 2 dishes served with rice and chapati bread (wheat tortilla.)

food arrived not hot.

my friend had vegetarian curry; veggies had that frozen food rubbery texture. cumin potatoes were sour.  My chicken keema and chicken tikka masala was bland and niether dish had flavor.  My basmati rice was clumpy and sticky :(

I did not like the ginger green tea. it tasted like licorice. 

I dunno, maybe I'm too harsh and narrow minded.  I did feel underwhelmed and disappointed. The food is NOT amazing.
I came in expecting allot but it just didn't live up to what I thought the flavors would be with a name like Bombay Spice. The prices on the wine are great but the menu is a bit confusing and the food has potential but it needs allot of work. I'm a big fan of Indian culture and food but it's not terrible but there is other places that have great Indian food that I would rather go. overall I give it about a 2.3..... Save your time and money this place is not worth the trip.
Have you ever had one of those experiences where you saunter out of a restaurant after your first visit there and you think, "Gee, not bad ... I'll be back," and then the next day you mention the restaurant to friends and they shoot you down. Not such a great place after all, they convince you. Well, in hindsight I see that my friend was right about the food here being on the bland side. Yes, it does seem to be prepared with your arteries in mind. But what is Indian food without creamy richness and sweat-inducing spice? I give Bombay Spice kudos for the innovative plating and for allowing you to order two entrees for the price of one. The happy hour is a terrific idea, and I might be back just for the $4 appetizers and wine.
Tough call.  "Indian food with the gloves on" might be an appropriate description.

First and foremost I'm going to give it to them for their cleanliness.  Indian restaurants are traditionally holes in the wall that serve food so tasty that you ignore some of the blatantly unhygenic details.  Bombay Spice is very clean which is nice for a change.

The food, not bad.  Think "Bistro Indian".  Sort of the place I'd take my relatives that would be worried about eating something "international".  Everything was flavorful but somehow seemed watered down. 

Staff was nice and the menu offered a broad array of great sounding dishes.  I would probably go back if people I knew wanted to go but if I were by myself I'd go try and find an Indian place that packs a more flavorful punch.

My advice is to give it a shot and go during happy hour so you can try a few of their half price starters before making the full commitment because the prices aren't exactly cheap.
Stopped by here yesterday at happy hour! Had a late lunch so a friend I shared the carrot souflee (it was good but not quite what we were picturing, guess  we should've asked...) and a couple glass of wine ($4 at happy hour!). Regularly, all the wines are $6/glass or $20/bottle, even on wines that cost quite a bit more at other restaurants. The service was a little on the slow side, but very friendly. Also really like the atmosphere, lime green white and black looks clean and modern but warm. The outside seating area also looked really nice. Will definitely try it again for dinner soon.
Ate once, will never go back.  The food has no flavor, it is fine to make an attempt at healthy food, but you cannot substitute real butter/ghee with vinegar to kick flavor up.  All the curries had a muddy consistency and vinegary after taste.   How can you screw up rice ? It tasted stale, the grains were broken up like it was from a bag century old - this was not basmati!  This was the worst of both worlds, but the public relations about "healthy" will fool the "naturally" endowed botox/silicone crowd of scottsdale.
Good food, good service, good prices. That's all I want out of a restaurant.

There are reviews here that say Bombay Spice isn't necessarily authentic Indian food. Maybe it's not. So what? I honestly wouldn't know authentic Indian food if it bit me. It still tasted good. Taco Bell isn't authentic Mexican food either but sometimes it still tastes good.

All I can say is that I liked the food at Bombay Spice and there was a decent vegetarian section. I'll definitely go back. If you like Indian flavors and aren't a snob about perfect Indian cooking, give this place a shot.

*edit* A few months later I'm moving them up to 5 stars. I've been to Bombay Spice a few more times for lunch and the food is great every time.
Menu overhaul did the trick for this place - much better than when they first opened.  New Veg Curry, Naan, and more are good additions, and when you request it spicy hot they actually cook it that way, rather than sending it to you mild with a side of red pepper flakes like they did last year.

Nice contemporary feel.  Menu is STILL awkward for Indian cuisine.  People unfamiliar with Indian food probably won't care, but devout consumers of Indian food like me are annoyed when they make the menu so non-traditional (want your Chana in a bowl, plate, or wrap?).

Modest wine selection is a nice improvement over what you'll find at traditional Indian restaurants.  Portions are somewhat small.
As a health nut Bombay Spice doesn't really satisfy all of my requirements. I would like to see organic produce/meats and wild fish/shrimp utilized in the cuisine, but alas this is still a tasty healthy-ish place to eat. The shrimp curry lettuce wraps are really tasty as is the naan (which again i wish was organic). They do use olive oil, as opposed to trans-fat or something rancid like canola oil, so that is an awesome start. I would say 5 stars for taste and for being one of the healthiest Indian places I have come across. Of course if health is not at all a concern of yours the food here tastes PHENOMENAL.
I went for the lunch special I wanted to try it out.  First of all the lunch plate was $9.  I had the Beef Tikka masala and Veggie curry.  The dishes were okay.  I am glad I asked them to make it hotter because the hot seemed to be more of a medium so I can't imagine how mild the masala is normally.  As for the flavors, they were okay.  The menu states that it is fresh, healthy, incredible indian cusine.  I guess one out of 3 is not bad.  Maybe, I need to give it another shot.
Two words: chickpea ceviche
It's tasty and sweet.
I love Indian Food. 

I'm constantly driving through this intersection and have always wanted to try it.  I finally got the chance and on top of that it was lunchtime and their sign said, "LUNCH SPECIALS".  

I arrived around 11 am and the place is empty.  I ordered the "dinner" portion as I was sharing with my child.  $13 for Chicken Curry & Chicken Tikka Masala.  I also ordered a side of plain Naan.  

The entree came with a "row" of rice that separated the two choices I made.  The rice tasted like something that came from Uncle Bens--no flavor and every time I scooped up rice there was a lot of water-soaked rice underneath.  The chicken curry and chicken masala tasted the same, one was red the other wasn't.  Again, very little flavor.  

How can Indian food lack so much flavor???  The naan was just a flat bread, nothing important about it... but it vaguely reminded me of the frozen Naan they sell at Trader Joe's... and when I started thinking about it, so did the Curry & Masala.  I ended up spending over $20 dollars for my meal that I shared with my young child.  I felt like I could have gotten the same thing at Trader Joe's sans the watery rice for about $10. 

I gave this place two stars... just based on the great service the waitress gave and another for it trying to be a healthy Indian restaurant.  Trust... go to the Indian Buffet in the airpark, although it's the real deal, it's worth the money and calories!
"Bland" and "Watery" are not words you want to spring to mind when you are eating Indian food.  Unfortunately, these are the two words that best described my meal from Bombay Spice.  Being vegetarian, I was excited to see the number of different vegetarian options on the menu, and I was pleased to see that you got two choices for the lunch special priced at $9.  This came with rice (brown or white) and either roti or lettuce (confused as to why they offered this - I would rather a small side salad rather than a plain chunk of iceberg lettuce).  I also ordered garlic naan for an extra $3. 

I ordered the spinach and tofu (normally this dish is served with paneer- an indian cheese that has a texture like tofu but has a richer flavor), and the vege curry.  Eggplant was not on the lunch special menu otherwise I would have tried that.

The food came quickly, but unfortunately, it was really just watery and bland.  They also kind of scrimped on the rice portion.  The naan was "OK" but i've had waaaay better elsewhere.  The food had none of the spices or flavors you would expect from Indian food.  I understand toning down the heat to cater to american palates, but this just didn't taste of anything!  I had a more flavorful curry at my Chinese restaurant the other night, and I've had better curry frozen from Trader Joes!

I was also not asked if I wanted the food mild, medium, or hot - never a good sign at an Indian (or Thai) restaurant.  To me it implies they are too lazy to cook the food to order.  Actually if it was sitting in a vat for several hours, that should improve the flavor - but clearly they are not using the right spices because I couldn't taste any, despite the name of the restaurant!

I will not be returning to Bombay Spice. Don't waste your money here.
Well, at least the owner is consistent.  As with Roka Akor, this place had great style in the decor, but the food just was not very good.  We ordered chicken tikka masala and a curry.  Both of the sauces were flavorful and balanced, but none of the flavors penetrated the meats in the curries.  It almost tasted like the curry was cooked in one pot, the meat was boiled in water and the meat was dropped into the curry at the last minute.  Maybe its the old school in me, but its such a waste to order a meat dish and leave the meat behind.  The search continues for good Indian food in my hood...
What a great alternative to Indian food with all those really heavy cream based sauces. BTW, I love them, but they can get kind of fatty. Bombay spice reminds you that you can do Indian, go light, and still have a really good meal. 

I always get the lamb chops as an appetizer. They are freaking delicious!

Entrees you can mix and match 2 different types, what style (bowl, roti tacos, plate, etc). I ususaly get chicken keema and lentils. All the entrees have good flavor, some spice (I like to ask for more) and are nice and filling, but not in a heavy way. 

Service has been mixed from super nice waitresses who would fit in at any 5 star place to surly and unattentive ones who need to be flagged down for even the basics (like drinks, ordering, asking for check, refills).

UPDATE:  I went there the other night with my wife and two kids (4 and 14mo). There were at least 6 tables open and the manager (owner?) came over and told us that there were no tables available. None of them could be combined into a table for four. It was 6pm. I call BS. There weren't any kids there and she gave us a good look up and down then shook her head no. We've been there at least a dozen times with the kids, we order lots of food, tip well and our kids don't disturb anyone. We eat out every night of the week. They are both model citizens. 
I know the look that I got. We weren't welcome there. Don't worry....we wont be coming back, ever. There's no shortage of good food in this town. We can find plenty of places that aren't afraid to see a young family walk in.  Good lamb chops aren't worth being disrespected.
We LOVE this place.  We found it by chance when we came last year to look for a house.
Indian food can be VERY buttery and fat laden...AKA Delicious!  Bombay Spice adds a "healthier" flair to Indian food that we love.  You can get things with lettuce wraps instead of rice.  My wife likes that their dishes are less greasy than other restaurants (not to harp on them too much), but some can get that way just because the method you have to make the meat or sauce.
Check it out sometime.  The worst you can say is you didn't like it, but if you like Indian, I think you'll love Bombay Spice.
The food is fantastic. It's a healthy alternative to most Indian food. My husband and I have always enjoyed the food. 
The service, however, consistently AWFUL!!!!  My husband and I don't complain a lot and we know the service industry is tough. Plan to be there for an hour and a half to 2 hours if go for dinner. Drinks never refilled, waited 15-20 minutes AFTER we already finished our appetizers for the server to take our order for dinner. We essentially bussed our own tables. Plan to NOT see your server during and after you eat. Plan to wait 15-20 to get your check. We likely will not go back because of the terrible service.
Ate here on a trip.  It was pretty much the only Indian place around, so we gave it a shot.

Decor/Ambiance= C.  It's clean, but pretty small and boring- "sterile" for lack of a better term.

Service=C+.  Pretty average server and timeliness.  

Food=C.  In total we ordered the chickpea ceviche, sauce taster, garlic naan, samosas, and most of the vegetarian entrees.  Everything was ok, nothing bad, but also nothing great.  I've had Indian food that was light, but still tasty.  This was light, but bland.

So, it's not bad at all, but it's also pretty ho-hum.
Surprisingly good, as I am not a fan of Indian food. The service was good, and attentive. I asked for and received a sample tasting of the featured Masala sauce.  We both enjoyed our meals.  But they DO need to get rid of the "guys" thing.
This place touts healthy Indian food - I've never heard of such a thing!
Was pleasantly surprised with my dinner. Ordered the plate with lamb curry and chicken tikka masala. The lamb pieces were nice and tender and the flavor was great. The chicken tikka masala was not as rich as I'm used to but it too had good flavor.  Both were quite spicy and made me appreciate the dollop of raita which was served with the meal.   
I liked that they gave you the choice of brown rice or basmati. The healthy spin was definitely an upside but it took away from the full potential of flavor.
Service was ok. They weren't that busy while I was there but the servers chatted amongst themselves until they were waived down.
Food was good but if you're looking for a traditional Indian meal this isn't the place for you.
This is definitely not traditional, true Indian food.  

We ordered Naan and received...pita bread warmed up and sliced in quarters. The nerve...to label something on the menu as Naan and then serve pita bread that looked like it just came out of a bag from Whole Foods. 
And today they were out of chicken tikka...gasp, sigh. 
The chicken masala was bland, but the chicken curry was tasty but not noteworthy.  The chickpea ceviche was good.
The service was attentive and responsive. 

I would suggest to try it at lunchtime to save $ and try a few things to see if you might like it.
Food was great, the service could have been better but wasn't horrible.    Quiet location.
I was told a while back to try Bombay Spice. My husband and I are changing our lifestyle by eating healthy. This is a great option for anyone looking for a healthy alternative. I liked the option to have brown rice or lettuce wraps. They also have tofu, which is difficult to find at most places. We tried the sauce sampler, seared salmon, chicken tikka masala, veggie curry, and chicken curry. Everything was very good. Was a great change from the usual chain restaurants.
absolutely delicious indian fare. can even get completely vegan. it's small inside, but they turn tables quick so you shouldn't have to wait long. for our own food, we waited only a few minutes before we had piping hot, tasty curry on our table. 

we had the chickpea ceviche (recommended by our server) for an app and it was so fresh and cool and crisp tasting. then onto the bombay plate, 5 picks of entrees with lettuce wraps and each thing we had was sooooo good....spinach and tofu, vegetable curry, eggplant curry, vegetable makki, and lentils. came with a little roti bread and we tore into it. 

for desert, we could only the sorbet since the other options had allergy inducing pistachios, but it was a nice cool, rich tasting treat. 

our server was severely genuine and sincere, and made us feel like valued customers. of course, she was from alabama so we would've expected nothing less. a pleasure to have her taking care of us. 

a great place and i know we'll be back here. 30 bucks for two with 2 large apps, a large entree, and desert.
So being the foodie that I am I am always down to try new places, this place had a table at the last Yelp event I went to with my fiance and we really enjoyed it so we thought we would go in and give it a try.

I thoroughly enjoyed everything that we tried and it all lived up to what I know about Indian cuisine. Spicy and good.

The only thing I disliked about this place is that the service was a bit slow. they only had one waitress working the whole place in the middle of lunch rush, which I thought was a bit ridiculous considering that there were 14 tables with people at them...seemed like a bit much for one girl even though this place is a bit small and you had to wait quite a while for your refills. 

Besides that the waitress was very friendly and informative, I would not go out of my way to go eat here again but definitely enjoyed the food and atmosphere.

More like 3 & half stars.
So after my negative review, I was offered a chance by the restaurant to come and re-try their food.  I responded via email to the manager, never heard back... Way to add salt to the wound!
Tried Bombay Spice last night. After reading the website and reviews, it seemed like it would fit perfectly our combined need to finally find good Indian fare in Phoenix AND not blow our calorie budget (husband and I are trying--and succeeding!-- in losing weight). Success on both counts!

It was Saturday at about 6:30 and we were seated immediately. The place was almost full. We sat on the patio, which was lovely, but might get too hot during the summer (I didn't see any misters--You're Welcome, Mother Earth!). 

 Service was attentive, and our waitress gave us several recommendations. 

We ordered:
Somosas (baked, I think, not fried, which made them a little messier to eat but still very very tasty).
Naan (chewy, moist, naan-y...yum)
Grilled Shrimp skewers (a little on the skimpy side, but very tasty, and served with grilled peppers and onions and a delightful mint sauce).

We each ordered individual entrees with basmati. They encourage you to order the two-entree choice, but we were trying to avoid over-ordering, and it turned out to be exactly the right amount of food. 

I ordered the Cauliflower and potatoes, which was moist, savory, a little spicy, and very tasty, albeit lacking a little in the sauce department (I would have liked a little something to spoon over my rice).

Husband ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, which was exceptional. They claim that they don't use cream in their food, so I don't know how they made the masala sauce so creamy and good, but they did and I'm not going to question it any more! I would have licked the bowl if we had been at home. 

Next time I think we'll get some apps again but try the Bombay Plate to share, which is 5 entree choices and rice. That way we can try a whole bunch of things. 

$35 before tip for naan, two appetizers, and two single-choice entrees. Not bad for a Saturday out. We'll definitely be back, even though it was  kind of a drive for us.
Definitely not authentic Indian food...felt like fast food Indian food at best.  Service and atmosphere were just ok.
I don't consider Bombay Spice an authentic Indian Restaurant; more of a modern and healthier version of the Indian cuisine. I appreciate their healthy take and their vast vegan and gluten free options.

I have been to Bombay about five or six times over the course of the last year, and have eaten some of their items at Yelp events. I have never disliked any of the items I have tried, but there have certainly been a few items I found less than flavorful (vegetable lentil soup, cauliflower, spicy veggie curry).

Last week I tried the seared tofu, and it was absolutely amazing. It is an appetizer, but comes with five or six good sized slices of tofu, and I would eat it as a meal. I also fell in love with the DELICIOUS tofu masala. I couldn't be happier with either of those selections and highly recommend them. 

I also like that you get to choose two menu items and have it served in a variety of ways (plated with rice, lettuce wraps, roti taco, etc). It gives a little extra variety depending on your mood. 

One complaint I have is that they do not know which wines are vegan. To have a separate menu focusing on vegan entrees and to not know what complimentary drinks are also vegan leaves me a little dissatisfied.

Overall, Bombay has good service, a good location next to Whole Foods, progressive menu items, is moderately priced, and has a good variety of items available for vegans and carnivores alike.
Yes, the previous reviewers are right, not an authentic indian, however it is a very good place.  We really enjoyed the paratha naan and the lentil tower.  I had the salmon and it was nicely seasoned.  Chris was very nice to let us try the other sauces.  I am a sauce person so I loved the tamarid sauce that comes with the paratha naan and the somosas.  We would be here every other day if it wasn't because it is a little bit too far for us.
Went here with a party of 3 last night (Tuesday) at about 7pm.  The place was mostly empty with just a few diners eating.  The decor is modern, neat and clean if that makes sense to anybody.  It wasn't over the top and you probably couldn't tell this was an Indian food place by looking at the decor at all.

I am beginning to like Indian cuisine and its good that there is a place like Bombay Spice that makes it healthier.  This is good because I had no idea that "regular" Indian food was unhealthy.  Oops.

I've been meaning to try this place for a while and by chance I found it on Local Dines so I snatched up a $40 cert for $20 ( http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ ).  Definitely a solid find for a solid place and worth it because their food isn't very expensive to begin with.

Anyway, the service was excellent and the food came out quickly.  Here is what I sampled:

* Caesar Salad - this was weird and I'm glad I tried it but I wouldn't get it again.  It was just Romain lettuce  tossed with some weird Caesar-like dressing.  Our waitress said it was a weird salad but I wanted it anyway.

* Sauce Sampler w/ naan bread - this was just ok.  It was worth it though to try their sauces.  Nothing to special about it.

* Lentil Soup - I didn't like this.  It was really thick and weird.

* Tikka Skewers - Peppers, onions and chicken stir fried.  This was pretty good.

* Beef Tikka Masala, Chicken Curry, Spinach and Tofu, and Chicken Keema - all of this was very good.  I got 2 of the above and sampled the rest off of the other plates of my party.  My only real issue is that the food lacked a certain kick or pizazzz.  I guess that's what all the unhealthy stuff that other places use adds to the dish.  I don't know....it just wasn't as flavorful as I would have liked.  I would order the stuff again though.  Perhaps next time I will kick it up a noch with some of that stuff on the table that looks like cinnamon but later learned it was some hot spice stuff.

I will be back soon to try more of their stuff!
I can't believe the average rating isn't higher for this place. My only real complaint about it is that it's so far away, especially now that they closed their other location. I got hooked on contemporary Indian food not too long ago, and Bombay Spice does it well.
Shame on me for thinking the other reviewers were just picky about their Indian food.   Everything you'll read here is consistent with what has been said before.  The food is "healthy" Indian style.  It's okay, but definitely lacks the authentic flavor that traditionally bursts off your plate when you eat Indian cuisine.  The Naan was more like pita bread and the curry seriously tasted like stew.   The Tikki Masala sauce although not as good as the traditional was good enough to eat as an alternative.  If you're going to go to Bombay Spice, go for lunch, it's just not that exiting of a venue to waste on dinner.  Even though the food was just okay, the service was great, so I can't possibly rate them at less than a 3 star.... After all they did deliver "Healthy" Indian food as promised.
it's okay, like the vegan aspect. using tofu in place of paneer is not a good substitute, i'd rather go without than have the tofu in there, it's just not the right texture.  Spice level was ok, could have had more flavor, heat level was fine.  The "veggie based" rather than cream sauces they tout are a great idea, but sit/walk by the kitchen and look around, you'll see big jars of veggie stock base. You know what that stuff is? Salt, more salt, msg, yeast extract, and some veg flavor.  C'mon, if you're trying to do healthy then why base all your sauces on fake flavored salt paste and pass it off as a healither option.  Honestly, i'd rather have the full fat, cream laden version that tastes so much better, at least it was natural.
Reviews of this place were pretty decent on Yelp, but I thought this place was pretty good.  Granted, I gather it's not as authentic as some other Indian restaurants; this place still holds it's own.  Maybe it's the spice level?  Well needless to say your food should only be so spicy.  My Masala CK's spice was perfect for me.  I can handle a few peppers, but I must say too much is ridiculous - milk please!  The ambience is neat.  The fresh green wall on the bar really brightens the joint and the wine lined up to the top of the ceiling is a great design call.  Our service was okay and that's all I'll say - Enjoy!
I went with my young son last night to check out the new menu, and I loved it! I ordered the chickpea curry over brown rice, spicy. It was absolutely delicious, and is alone a good reason to return. We also ordered the lentil patty appetizer, which was good, although not my favorite. They serve a "masala" black iced tea which was unusual and delicious. My son ordered from the kids meal (a backup, just in case), and he chose baked chicken fingers which came with a side of fruit cocktail and a full-sized drink. Overall, the food was a modern, healthy version of my favorites, with courteous and attentive customer service in a beautifully decorated space. 

Four stars because I want to try more of their menu, make sure service and quality stay consistent, and because they were inexplicably playing a Steve Miller Band greatest hits album during our visit.

I want to fly like an eagle, to the sea...
I am definitely a fan of Bombay Spice. Their food is delicious, healthy & priced right. My boyfriend & I went there the other night & got an appetizer & two entrees & the bill was only twenty bucks. Granted we did not get any drinks, but if you are going here with the intention of being healthy, you should stick with water anyway!

We started with hummus...not my absolute favorite hummus but still a very yummy starter.

I ordered a cauliflower curry wrap. I'm obsessed with the naan bread, & the curry made it taste like I was eating much more than just vegetables & rice. Getting your dish "hot" isn't really that spicy (for us anyway...we love spicy!), but ask for their spiciest dipping sauce if you like more bite...I want to buy bottles of it! I saved half of the wrap for lunch the next day & it was still delicious.

Boyfriend got the chicken curry entree...basic, but he loved it. Again, it was gone before I could try any of it.

I worry about places like these hidden away in strip malls. It is a really nice place, but always seems to be pretty empty when I go in. The decor is neat & modern, not a kitschy Indian place by any means. They have a pretty nice wine list, so it would be a nice place for a quiet date. 

Hopefully the word starts to get out that this is a delicious, healthy place that is affordable & tasty enough to eat at all the time!
This restaurant would be a very nice introductory experience for those who have not previously enjoyed Indian food.

For those who have are more experienced with Indian, Pakistani or Afghan cuisine this restaurant will not be a par experience with your favorite family ran establishment.
We used to love coming here, but last night was the last time we will ever go. We are not a fan of the new concept - noodles with Indian food - really? The chicken was rubbery and the naan was just slightly better than cardboard. From what I can tell, while waiting almost 30 minutes for our food, is that they have one good waitress, but unfortunately she was not our server.
We had enjoyed a meal here about a year ago. We went here again to enjoy a vegan meal.  It was a total disappointment. 1. After ordering a meatless meal, the waitress  brought us a free appetizer with bits of chicken on it.  I thanked her but refused because we did not eat meat.  She made big noise of disgust and returned it to the kitchen. 2. I ordered Naan and got some Roti wrap.  The waitress insisted it was Naan - it was not.  3. The kitchen staff were cutting up and having a good time in Spanish and the waitress was having a great time with them - not conducive to dinner.  4. The supposedly spicy sauce was incredibly bland and I could have had a wrap at Chipotle that was better. 5. Two days after we ate there, my spouse's credit card was used in Egypt and some other country so he had to cancel his card.  So if you go there - use cash.
Mouth-Wateringly-Goooood-Food!

Nothing on the menu is over 500 calories and the owner is a doctor-nutritonist who spent a lot of effort on craft the menu. It really shows in the quality of what's to offer.

Everything looked good and smelled awesome, but in the end one always has to make a choice. So, my wife and I ended up going for the Chickpea Ceviche starter, then Lamb Kebobs and Chicken Curry with extra pappadoms instead of naan to keep it 100% gluten free.  All 3 dishes were a smash hit and washed down with a perfect Mango Lassi drink. Delish. (Wait a sec - the picture that Jessica F uploaded of the 2 dishes and a drink was my lunch!)

I'm so looking forward to coming back here for another taste buds extravaganza!

The only thing I'd change is that the 2 page menu to download from their website is a whopping 9MB file - it's time to fix that people!
Maybe it's just me, but I don't understand why this place is still in business. 

Okay, admittedly I'm not a big fan of Indian cuisine, but I've been here twice now (once to try it for myself and another time because a girlfriend dragged me here). I just don't get it. With so many restaurants going out of business, how is this one still making a go? 

I will say the servers are very friendly and attentive. But, for me, that doesn't make up for the lack of ambiance and the food. The place is located in a strip mall and the inside is just okay. Most of the tables are placed close together, so you could easily hear one another's conversation. However, since we were the only people in the restaurant, this turned out to not be a problem. The food is okay, I guess. I'm not a big fan of lamb or curry, so I can't be a good judge. I ordered the vegetarian flat bread and it was okay. I also had an ice tea, but it had a weird and slightly unpleasant flavor. 

If they don't start drawing in more customers, I'm thinking, they might not be around that much longer?
Love the food here, and so many vegetarian options. One thing I dont like is the masala iced tea, tastes like the spices in the tea should be on food.
OMG what a nice place ...but the food NO COMMENT . Please save your money for another authentic place. Everything was made sweet to accomodate   The unknown taster's palate . Dosa was as soft as a crepe. Korma had fruit like mango raisins and half grapes in it sweet . Tandoori wings in a sweet and sower sauce ... Nothing was the way we expected an authentic indian pakistani restaurant to be booohooo
If you like Indian Cuisine, this is THE place to go. Lamb Chops appetizer- amazing. Entree equally delish!  Great service too!
Bombay has done an absolutely fabulous job in menu revisions lately. Being a Vegetarian, it is a fabulous place! There is a tofu or potato option available for all entree choices. There food is also extremely low calorie and healthy. It's so darn good, though that this seems to be untrue! (but it's not). I never feel overly full or stuffed. They have awesome wine specials (20 bucks a bottle for a large variety of
tastes-some high end) and some couple's nights deals comparable to most restaurants (20 buckish). Happy hour specials look awesome, though end before I'm off work and head out. 
I minus one small star for service. Seems mildly slackish at times and not customer centered. It's a small establishment, so I unfortunately cannot blame a busy server/bartender. At times the service does seem aloof. However, if you love modern music, fabulous Indian food, and a wide variety of wine, come hither.
It's a great place I feel is trying to improve and I applaud the option of Vegetarian dishes and all low calorie, body happy foods. Kudos Bombay!
We used our discount coupon that we bought at Homerun.com to try Bombay Spice Grill.  It was wonderful! Food was delicious, reasonably priced and healthy. The service was great...very friendly.  It was a great experience and we will definitely go back there.
Stopped in for lunch. Not fancy. If you want a great chicken curry, come here. Service was great. I'd come for dinner any time. Good wine selection,
I went here last week and I am definitely a fan!  I love Indian food, so hearing this is a healthier version of Indian cuisine I had to try it!  I got the Lentil cakes as an appetizer which were really good.  The main course I got was Veggie Tikka Masala.  The sauce isn't what you would get at a traditional Indian restaurant, but it is flavorful and delicious.  I would have to say you can't compare this restaurant to an Indian restaurant, because they are very different.  I would say this is modern Indian food, kind of like PF Changs is to Chinese food. 

I gave them 4 stars, because the service is alright.  They weren't attentive and we did wait awhile to put in our order and to get our food.  The good news is that they have $20 bottles of wine, so it gave us time to finish the bottle without chugging!
AWESOME FOOD & SERVICE - REASONABLY PRICED.  While I am not a huge Indian fan, I AM NOW this place EXCEED ALL EXPECTATIONS.  Our starter was the Eggplant  - it was perfect texture and the brown soy sweet sauce was out of this world - seriously - I'm actually craving it right now.  Next up chick pea ceavecha with crispy wavers - was also dead on - reminded me of a pumped up salsa and the chick peas - again perfectly cooked - amazing flavor.  So at this point I'm sold and then bam - tandoori chicken wings - holly smoke - amazing sweet smoky sauce and best part - NO grease - really quality pieces of wings and drumsticks.  We also had the little rack of lamb app - again - cooked perfectly, wonderful lamb flavor - not too strong - just perfect and presentation was beautiful green rosemary lightly sprinkled on top.  Flatbreads - veggie and chicken - again, flavors were out of this world - cheese was mild, veggies tasted perfect.  Our large group's favorite was the curry - I thought my colleague was going to lick the bowl it came in - it was a bit embarrassing.  Oh and our youngest member of the group got chicken fingers - which were made in house and came with NO grease and lightly breaded.  It made me realize the importance this place puts on the QUALITY of the food.

Shout out to a great server - JEWELS - who really is a precious jewel in his own right and as the girls at the table said with some serious good looks too.  They loved his smile - and his dark hair and eyes.  He was very attentive, earnest and always asking if we needed anything at perfectly timed spots in the meal.  He made sure we  we had what we wanted and we had a good time.  HIs recommendations were dead on too - especially with the wine which they have quite a selection.

The decor is really cool - I loved the green wine bottle wall.  Seems like something I'd see in NYC or LA.  It's very hip - love the color - it really sets the mood.  That's the other thing -  it has a bar - and that definitely gives it a bit of an edge.  The bar was packed - and they had a henna artist - who was giving Katy Perry like henna on hands and arms.  

Someone in our group said this was "Modern Indian".  Everyone in our group said they'd never been to a place like this before and were REALLY IMPRESSED.   So if this place is Modern Indian - sign me up!!!  I am in LOVE with the food, flavors, service, decor.  Best part - is when our waiter told us nothing was over 500 calories.  It was like the music stopped and everyone turned to look at him - HOW COULD THAT BE???  Typically more flavor = more calories.  But I actually believe them because I'm writing this the morning after our meal and I feel terrific - none of that morning hangover from eating too much.  

Bottom-line - best damn Indian I've ever had and actually converted me to be able to say - yeah - I LIKE INDIAN - MODERN INDIAN FOOD!!!
Lunch time and one waiter is always a gamble.  Lunch took over an hour and all we had was apps.   The chick pea ceviche, lentil cakes and grilled eggplant all had the same over use of one sauce.  Plus lentil cakes came out look warm and the "vindaloo" sauce tasted just like "rooster" sauce.  Too many choices in the area, I will not be returning.
I'm happy to be able to update my review.  I do love this place the flavor is unparalleled.  They have changed their menu yet again, but now you can add a vegetable to your dish for only $1 dollar.  This is fantastic!  
I love the chicken keema, curry, rice, and potatoes combination.  Its a delicious explosion of flavor.  

The service can be spotty sometimes, but come here for he food and flavor.
Chicken Tikki Masala was amazing.  Great deal on Wednesday's for date night; 2 entrees, 1 app, 1 desert, 1 bottle of wine for $40. Highly recommend!
Does Trendy = Healthy? Well here it seems to. While this is one of the few trendy Americanaized Indian restaurant in town.

The big star here for me is the menu. Vegiteran dishes and Vegan ones are all marked on the menu.In addition many menu items can have the protein of choice including tofu and or veggies. And a choice of starch, rice, brown rice or egg noodles. 

We had two build you own combos, Curry with mixed veggies and tofu over noodles $11.95 +$1 for tofu. The curry was a bit bland and the noodles to me were not the best match, but if it were truly healthy I would be ok with the flavor. The other dish was a spinach dish, with mixed veggies and brown rice. I really enjoyed this dis. $11.95

As with Thai food you get to pick you heat level so anyone can eat here.

For flavors it was 3 stars the veggie options made it 4. However I did miss the Bollywood music I usually hear with my Indian food.
A girlfriend and I have been meaning to check Bombay Spice out for a while but have never gotten around to it until last night. (I found a great deal on LocalDines.com -use ref # 102729 if you sign up! Also, checking in with FourSquare got a us a deal! ) 

We ended up going a little later (8ish) so there wasnt a wait or a crowd at all which was nice because the venue is a little smaller. The bartender was very friendly, our serve was a little distracted and took a little longer to respond to our needs but she was very nice.

We both had wine, the "single glass" serving is actually 2 glasses in case you are torn between splitting a bottle for $20 or just buying a glass for $6.  I recommend the Falling Star Cab, it was full bodied and very yummy. The other wine we tried was the Hob Nob Pinot Noir. It was great, it had a delicious combination of earthy and sweet tones to it. (I am not very good with wine lingo, but those are my unofficial terms that make sense to me.)

Neither of us were very hungry but we wanted to sample the fare so we could at least see if we wanted to come back. We got to choose either a free humus or a dessert because of my deal for checking in on FourSquare (POWER NERD! I know.) I really wanted to try the mango sorbet but we opted for the chickpea hummus and roti bread. For those of you, like me, who aren't sure what roti bread is- its much lighter than pita bread and a little thinner than a tortilla. Its very tasty. The hummus was very good, and they garnished it with diced tomatoes, onions and cilantro which i loved!

We also ordered the seared eggplant. It was AWESOME. It was a large slab of eggplant with a black sauce that was herby (thats a technical term in case you were wondering). They also served the egglplant with a yellow sauce drizzled on the plate which was sweet and very good, in addition to a small scoop of a red chili sauce (our waitress told me the name and I couldnt remember it for the life of me) which was spicy...I really loved this sauce it was the perfect amount of spice for the eggplant. 

I will be going back here to try the curry and some of the other things on the menu i cant pronounce. 

There are a LOT of vegetarian/vegan dishes clearly marked on the menu. Their menu also boasts that everything, except for 9 or 10 items, is completely Gluten free.

Good experience, definitely looking forward to trying it again for a full meal.
Ehhh it's edible
My friend Tina T. invited me to join her for a Wine and Henna event that they host Thursday nights during the summer. For $10 you get your 1st glass of wine and a henna design. While here we also sampled from their Happy Hour menu. I have to say I was absolutely impressed with the Tofu app and the garlic naan. We also tried a chickpea ceviche, the chicken tika and the tandoori wings. Again of all those the tofu was my favorite. 

The lady doing the henna designs was amazingly detailed. Very traditional henna designs with a paste that turned a very beautiful dark burgundy brown. 

While it is not your "traditional" indian cuisine, all the wonderful flavors are present. The last thing I want to eat when it is 120 deg out is heavy Saags or cream laden indian dishes. The dishes here are light and flavorful. 

I look forward to going back to another Wine and Henna event and would not hesitate stopping in for a bite to eat if in the area.
I've been to Bombay Spice before and I've always loved their food, it's delicious, tasty and the service has always been wonderful.  I went their recently with friends during yelp eats and was able to have a full menu with wonderful prices.
I got a Groupon and was excited to try a new Indian restaurant.  We were seated right away and received our drinks not far behind.

There was one server and one guy just walking around ~ not too sure what his roll was.  

My husband and I both ordered the "naan bread tikka masala chicken" sandwich.  The "naan bread" was a tortilla and the tikka masala was out of a can (not very flavorful).  The only reason why I knew that there were veggies in the sandwich was because I saw them ~ they also didn't have any flavor.

I asked for more tikka masala sauce due to the dryness of the sandwich and it arrived just two bites before I was done.  Yes, I finished my sandwich but that was because I was extremely hungary.

We went to try the restaurant due to the reviews but I was very disappointed.  Maybe the dinner menu is better.
chris, the manager, is great!

their $1, $2, $3 happy hour items are unique and delicious!

wednesday nights, they have a $40 special for an appetizer, ewine bottle, 2 entrees and dessert for $40.

check out their 50% off deals on www.groupon.com, www.localdines.com, etc!
it's a great deal with these coupons!
in short: HORRIBLE TASTING FOOD!!! Far from authentic ofcourse.

Their selling spiel is all about how there is not butter or oil used. I would have been happy by that as long as they make sure the food is well cooked without too much oil. Their concept is to not use  butter/oil as cooking medium and then serve tasteless, undone food.

Samosas were bland and too soft (ofcourse not fried, not even pan tossed well) , bhel puri was a sham- like the worst ever. Veggie main dish was tasteless, very low on salt and spices. If that is a health-diet need, one could enjoy a meal there, but for tasting good indian food- this is JUST NOT THE PLACE.
I did the "create your own entree". White rice, tikka masala, lamb. Had Papadam crisps to scoop up the lamb. It was really good. I asked for extra spice (otherwise they serve it not so spicy). It was a bit spicy, but still could of had a bit more heat. On a scale of 1 to 5, I would say the spice was a 3. It was still delicious. I ordered a Ginger Green Tea and it had no flavor. It was mostly water.
RAVE ALERT! 

This place has an AWESOME happy hour! I mean super awesome. The line on their menu describing the food as "Authentic flavors refined" is too accurate to improve upon! 

All the things that usually make me want to sprint in the opposite direction of an Indian restaurant: buffet style setup, clashing colors, poor presentation, poor service and funky smells were not present at Bombay Spice. In other words, the experience was much less of a culture shock for me; elegant and modern style decor, dine-ware and silverware did the trick. 

The staff was very friendly and helpful. I can't wait to go back! I had the Indian chai latte, Chicken Tikka, Samosa and Carrot Halwa. Total bill before tip: $5.74. How can I not give this place 5 stars? I mean, seriously! 

WHAT I'D RECOMMEND: 
Going for their amazing happy hour, as well as their Indian chai latte, Chicken Tikka, Samosa and Carrot Halwa
I like this place.  Its not my favorite, but I will happily go there.
CONS: You really need to ask questions about the menu items, otherwise you will literally have a thin layer of peas and potatoes between a tortilla.  
PROS:  The food is pretty good, and its easy for a vegan to find something they will enjoy.  They have relatively decent wines by the bottle at low prices and the wait staff is friendly.   Bombay also has special events certain days of the week, which is fun.  Date night I believe is on Wednesdays (with good specials for couples) and they also have henna tattooing on another night. 

Clean, good food, reasonable prices.
Very good service and tasty food. The only reason I didn't give it a five is because of consistency. There does not seem to be consistency in level of spice. We go there often and sometimes spicy means mild to the cook and sometimes it actually comes out nice and spicy.  At our table we had the chickpea ceviche which was fantastic, the korma, tikka masala and curry. All were very good.
First time having Indian food ever.  If it's all like this and better.  I'm on board with Indian food for life.  Almost everything on the menu has 500 calories or less.  There's a vegetarian option to everything on the menu.  The food has no added fats or oil.  Which is a new concept for me because I love oils and butter. The flavors come from cardamom,  cumin, turmeric, tamarind, and etc. Constructed in a way to bring out or enhance the lamb, chicken, lentil, etc. I enjoyed in the food even more in the nice modern decor. They have all the alcoholic selection display in a grid like cubical on the wall with a green back light. Highly recommend Bombay Spice as you intro to Indian food. I'm sure it only gets crazier.
First off, I should have listened to the reviews...this is definitely an Indian restaurant that is catered to first time Indian food triers. Of course the flavor will be bland when using no butter/cream in Indian food. But it still tasted good, very light.
If I lived closed I would definitely come back for the happy hour. Which is REALLY good. A few bucks for small portions of different Indian cuisine = A+! We ordered from the happy hour to start - tofu REALLY good but only 3-4 pieces, 2 samosas yummy for not being fried and my bf got the 3 chicken wings, he said they were spicy. We both ordered from the create your entree section for our meal. I was wondering about the noodles which is really odd to see on an Indian menu. Luckily the waitress said under her breath that they are NOT good and then said after "wow I should really not have said that" I appreciaited it though! I got the brown rice, mixed vegetables and tikka masala. My bf got brown rice, lamb and tikka masala. The good thing is that you can eat the whole dish and not feel really bloated and full like regular indian food. But it was a little bland and did not taste like authentic indian food. It almost reminded me of the trader joe's indian food packs you can buy there. Overall I would visit this restaurant if you live close by and order from the happy hour menu.
I've gone to Bombay Spice 6 or 7 times... I keep trying it because the first couple times were awesome. But the service absolutely sucks. Their new manager is awful. Last time we were there our server put only our appetizer order in and not the rest. Our appetizers went accidentally to a table next to us who came 20 minutes after us and ordered the same thing. We then had to tell them we did not get our apps. After waiting another 20 and getting our apps, we sat there waiting for our dinner only to find out they forgot to put it in. Their suave manager, who thinks he's the hottest thing around, was not nice about it or apologetic. 

A couple nights ago we tried again. I really do like the food and we wanted to give it another go. We brought our 6 week old who is super well behaved and were excited for a bottle of wine and dinner. It took 10 minutes for someone to come take our drink order. We then waited over 30 minutes for our entrees and there was nobody in the restaurant except for a large party on the patio of women (who the manager was SUPER attentive to because he obviously likes a table of good looking ladies since he spent the whole night checking on them and never said a word to us). I approached our waitress to see when our dinner may be coming-- and let her know my quiet baby wouldn't be quiet for much longer. 10 minutes later the food came and I asked if she could bring our check so that we could get that taken care of. She disappeared. Couldn't find her after we finished our meal...so again...we waited. Unreal. I will never go back to this place.

Giving it 2 stars because I've always really enjoyed the food.
This was definitely a hidden jewel!!! I am so glad that I found it on YELP!!!
The food was great. The service was great and the atmosphere was fun and inviting. They seem to have some great prices for Happy Hour also.  I will definitely be back here.  Its worth the drive.
I love Indian food.  I'll admit that it's the hardest to judge, in my opinion, due to the lack of what I know about it & the complexity of all the spices.  I also feel I've been slightly ruined after eating at some incredible restaurants in London.  All that said, I LOVE this place.

I've never had a bad meal here, and I was actually motivated to write a review because of the service we had this weekend.

Let's start with the food.  I imagine that some hardcore foodies probably think their food is not "totally authentic", and they might be right.  However, the food is as good as I have had in other places.  I find their use of spices & fresh ingredients are well balanced.  They have a lot of great vegetarian options as well.

The service there is always top-notch.  As mentioned earlier, our server this weekend really knocked the experience out of the park.  I asked her about this hot spice / sauce that is served, and she could see I was disappointed to find out they make it in house (so, not available by some generic name I could get at a specialty shop).  She didn't hesitate to go to the back, and brought be a small bottle of it as a gift.  I was blown away.

Finally, I'll say that their bottomless lunch on the weekends is a STEAL, and a great way to try a little bit of everything.  They also have an insanely killer food selection for Happy Hour.

I miss living over by PV mall, because I could eat here everyday.
Been here many times for lunch and dinner..always tasty, nice selection.  Like the naan.   Esp. like the lamb chop appetizer.  Like the naanwich.  Miss the 16th and Glendale location I used to frequent.
After seeing some bad reviews I was reluctant to try Bombay Spice. But I am so glad I did!

The food is NOT authentic Indian food. The server even told us when we were sat that it is Americanized Indian food. It is definitely an interpretation. (There was cilantro in my dish...) But as long as you have that understanding before you go, you should be fine.

They had an interesting selection of beer and wine. Unfortunately my husband did not care for his IPA and I didn't love my glass of Pinot Grigio. Luckily, the drinks were the only thing we disliked...

I ordered the mixed veggies entree with spinach sauce. Since the server told me it was Americanized Indian food, I was worried it wouldn't be spicy and I love a little heat. You are able to customize the spice level, thank God, so I ordered it medium. I thought the plating was attractive and enticing. And the food was yummy... Not swimming in ghee so it goes down smoothly. There was a delicious smoky grilled taste to the food that I loved. I wish it came with more naan. The naan was delicious too. Nice and crispy and garlicky. You can definitely taste the olive oil in the food which I wasn't expected to like. 

My husband had the chicken biryani. He loved it. The portions are enormous, so I had plenty of food leftover for a yummy lunch the next day.

The service was great. Our server was eager, informative, and just a sweetheart.

Their brunch and happy hour sound amazing. Unfortunately their happy hour ends at 6, so I wouldn't be able to make after work. I might just have to sneak out early...
I already want to go back! The menu had so many tasty options. I love Indian food, and I realize this is Americanized Indian food, but it was rather delicious.  The menu offers gluten free, vegetarian, and vegan options. 

I ordered the Chef's Special to try the four sauces with rice, naan, and the two ingredients in which one can choose.  The tikka masala sauce was definitely the best, but the others had great flavors too.  I got the vegan chicken and mixed vegetables. It was so delicious, and I am already trying to think of when I can return. 

The service was OK. It took a while when we were done, and they weren't that busy. However, it's not a big deal.
Very americanized indian food with bad bad service. Nice vegan and vegetarian options though... 

I tried the Chef's special and the four sauces seem to be all a bit off. Only the spinach curry was any good. Any don't go for the noodles! I know, its a weird option and as you know it, weird combo. Went out of my way driving but a huge disappointment.
I was told it was the best Indian restaurant ever by a woman who has spent much time in that country.  Not sure what she must have had.  Liked what I had (chicken biryani--I have had better
), but the presentation was a bit off...sticking papadoms in the biryani rice made them soggy.  Why do that?  I prefer a less trendy place.
Went to Bombay Spice for lunch. Quick, attentive service. Ordered the chicken curry with potatoes and rice. It comes with naan. Food was good. Not exceptional, not bad. Spice wise, it falls short of the explosion of flavors Indian cuisine is known for. I would described it as watered down Indian food, still may do in a pinch if I'm craving Indian.
I finally got to try Bombay Spice Grill last night and I loved it.  Wonderful service, great unique and flavorful food and a really nice mellow atmosphere.  We had my book club there and the waitress was fabulous providing us with wonderful service and gave all 9 of us separate checks.  The Happy Hour prices are fabulous!  I would definitely have the chick pea ceviche again - mmmmm!  I can't wait to go back and try more things on their creative menu.
Lunched ther today and asked for iced tea; got a glass of dark tea, barely spiced...period. Ordered chicken biryani and the dish included four raisins, three slivered almonds, two small fresh spinach leaves and loads of chicken neatly cubed and somewhat dry. My partner's eggplant sat in a sweet sauce, perhaps the same as the one offered with the samosas. I like healthy food, but I also like tasty food and I expect vegetables to dominate the meat. I will not return to this restaurant; I appreciate the effort to cut down on fats, but the scarcity of spinach and condiments in the biryani is unforgivable. Strikes me that it came out of a large precooked pot in which the ingredients had not been thoroughly mixed. Lovely presentation if that is your number one priority. I'll take the Tandoori Times any day over this!
I don't know what you'd call this place - fusion Indian food? Definitely a westernized take on Indian food. The only upside being that they really seem to cater to vegans, vegetarians and gluten-free diners. But the food was just not a good representation of what vegans, vegetarians or even Indians, eat! Terribly bland. I had the mango salad - which had NO mangoes in it. I am pretty sure it should have been called Pseudo Mango salad. If I order something called Mango Salad, I fully expect some nice juicy chunks of the fruit. The boyfriend ordered a Chicken Tikka wrap - supposedly wrapped in naan. Seemed more like a regular tortilla. I had a bite, the flavor was okay. I much prefer the nann wraps at Tandoori Times - they are, for one, definitely wrapped in naan, and two, exploding with flavor - and at the same price.

The ambiance was okay, a modern sort of cafe. The service was no good. Really slow, and I wouldn't say particularly friendly. This was the first and last time we'll ever go.
Very mediocre food.  I get it's trying to cater to the indian food novice, but really, what's the point?  Authentic flavors refined?  C'mon, you don't need to go overboard on the garam masala and ghee but the lack of "bombay spice" was very evident.  There are far better indian places that offer quality food for the same price or less.
One word... bland.
We have 3 kids with very severe food allergies (dairy/milk, peanut, tree nuts, egg, sesame, flax, etc.). The manager patiently worked with me and made sure the items we ordered would be safe and free from cross contamination. Food was great!  And, worked just fine for our allergies.  Tons of vegan options as well as chicken, beef, lamb, etc. Thanks Keith and the staff at Bombay Spice!!!!
I frequent Bombay Spice for a few reasons, I like familiarity and they have a really good regular staff, the food is healthy, they post WW points (which is good for me) and the food is very good.

I have never had a bad meal at this place, everything is just really good.  We have gone to their Sunday brunch a few times to try even more, which with the more modest servings allows you to taste a variety and really hone in on what you might have for dinner or a lunch sometime.  

Having frequented more traditional Indian restaurants I don't want people to think that I endorse Bombay Spice as the most authentic Indian cuisine; I do know that it is not, but it has the preparation and flavor that I often find myself craving, so I am definitely a fan.

Now for some of the stereotypical impatient pre-madonna PV/Scottsdale types... you know who you are, own up to it... it is ok, I am from Scottsdale too:  This is not a speed eating restaurant.  Bombay by how they serve food and interact with the customers are creating a laid back, enjoyable, social dining experience, so that means that it has a pace that often Americans are not accustomed to... Bombay fosters an atmosphere where the customer actually likes who they are dining with and wants to talk to that person.  So when you sit there acting all annoyed because it is the end of the meal and you are waiting for your check and you are getting all agitated... maybe premptively letting the server know you need the check when they take your food away etc is the better approach than getting all huffy.  THEY ARE TRING NOT TO RUSH YOU!      

Eat at this place!  It is healthy, tasty and relaxing.
A few months ago I gave Bombay Spice a bad review and the manager reached out to me and gave me a gift certificate to try it again. My husband was reluctant after a really bad experience but we went back again a few weeks ago. I've never had any issues with the food-- its fantastic, but the service was never good. 

I think the manager has hired some really great new servers. Our waitress was so on top of it and we had a wonderful dinner. We went back again tonight with a big group (and a baby) and again, super service. 2/2!! Feeling optimistic Bombay Spice has turned it around and very excited that they have.
Henna Happy Hour!  Never heard of it?  well I'm a fan because it's different!  Glass of wine and a henna tattoo for $10 starting at 6pm on Thursdays.  We got there early to enjoy happy hour first which is 3-6pm. $4 glasses of wine!  The food was flavorful but what really made the experience is the staff.  Everyone was so friendly and easy to talk to.  Suggested things on the menu that they really enjoyed and helped me make my decision on dinner which I had the Salmon and loved!
The weekend 11-3 Lunch Special ($11.95) is GREAT! It's like a buffet BUT BETTER because they cook up your food fresh as you want it. You pick from about FIVE appetizers and FIVE entrees and two desserts ALL YOU WANT!

We tried chick pea ceviche, lentil towers, and paratha. I liked the chick pea ceviche and the lentil tower best. The paratha is basically bread. We picked Tikka Masala with chicken and quinoa and Chicken Vindaloo with brown rice. Both were good with the chicken being fresh and moist. The Tikka Masala had a little heat to it and a slight sweetness to it. The Vindaloo was much more savory with much more heat that did build up. When we finished our server asked us what entree we'd like to try next but we declined another entree but decided to try the carrot halwa. The carrot halwa is almost like a pudding but without starch and it seemed healthy.

I was told by the server that this is AMERICANIZED Indian food made heathy style without butter or cream and nothing is fried here almost everything is 500 calories or less.

The New Times Awarded Them "Best use of a chickpea" for the Chickpea Ceviche. Chef Sunil Kumar's recipe is posted on Examiner.com Jon Kapoor's (Executive Chef at Bombay Spice) has his recipe for Tikka Marsala Sauce posted on abc15.com Sonoran Living.

The weekend lunch special is a great introduction to try Indian style cuisine.
This is one of our favorite places for healthy, flavorful food.  We love spicy food and the Vindaloo dipping sauce is a staple for us here as we add it to just about everything we order.  For appetizers, the lentil cake towers, seared tofu, and baked samosas are some of our favorites, although we've honestly never had anything here that we haven't liked.  The vegetable naan-wrap and veggie flatbread both have great flavor and as far as the entrees go, we've had numerous combinations of veggies, tofu, chickpeas, lentils, etc. with both the Vindaloo and hot curry sauces and all have been delicious.  Bombay Spice also has a good selection of inexpensive wines available for $20-$40 per bottle that complement the food well.  If this place was located a bit closer to our house, we'd be there even more often given how many vegetarian options they have to offer.
I am newly gluten free and dairy free (although not a vegan). I'd been dying to try a tikka masala but had never been able to due to the common use of cream in the dish. I was amazed to find this restaurant had extensive GF and vegan menu options. Our server (also possibly the owner or manager?) was patient and knowledgeable about my requests. The lentil towers were delicious. The chicken tikka masala was rich and savory and delicious and even came with some GF bread for dipping. I also loved the iced tea. I look forward to returning to this place.
Not even waiting to leave the restaurant before drafting this review.  This food is like a flavor explosion of spices your tongue has never met.  I don't like weird food or new food, but after finding out about this gem at the Scottsdale food festival OVER A YEAR AGO! we knew we had to try it out.  

After loving it twice, and now having seen their amazing staff in action - I'm a believer.  

Ordered:  chickpea hummus - A+++
Samosa - A+
Eggplant - A++
Behl Puri - A
Chickpea Ceviche - B

Had to give something less than an A!

Only did apps because we have plans for dinner. Will re-do when we come back for date night. 

BTW, the iced tea is to die for!  Full of spices and ... yeah, I'll shut up now.
OMG this is my favorite place, great food, great atmosphere wonderful
If you're looking for "really" good , not greasy Indian food , this is the place for you. I highly recommend Bombay for people who haven't had Indian food and want to give it a try. The food is well priced and as fresh and flavorful as you can get . If they had a Bombay Spice in Old Town, I would eat here every day for lunch.
Went to this location because it is gluten free (have a daughter that is gluten/soy/dairy allergic), a vegetarian and a vegan in the family.  Oh yeah, one meat eater as well. What a wonderful surprise!!!  The food was delicious, lots of choices for all and the portions were a very nice size.  We all walked away very satisfied and looking forward to more visits.  
You will not be disappointed
I tried this place out with a friend recently, and was pleasantly surprised. The vibe of the place was a bit Americanized, but beyond that, the food was delicious. Catching the tail end of their 4-6 pm Happy Hour, we ordered a half-dozen mild Tandoori wings for only $4, and they were amazing. We also tried the Lamb Vindaloo and the Chicken Tikka Masala, and both were also delicious. The Vindaloo, though, is definitely for the more adventurous; it's insanely spicy! In total, with tax and tip, we spent around $20 per person for a nice dinner in a comfortable atmosphere, and our waitress was lovely! Definitely worth a try, and I'll be sure to go back.
I've been three times now: the first time with a big group/private party where I was dazzled; the second time with a girlfriend where it was ho-hum; and the third time just last week with the boyfriend where I was pretty disappointed.

For the large event, the quality of food was outstanding. I was so excited to try these dishes I'd never had before.  At the time, I was newly vegetarian, and my taste buds were exploding with every bite.  The Lentil Cake Towers blew my mind, and I couldn't get enough of the little bites of heaven.

The second time, I expected the same: outstanding flavors, great service, and an overall terrific experience.  The only thing terrific was the Mango Martini (wowie, it's delicious).  Trying to maneuver the menu options for vegan & gluten free was far too complicated and confusing.  I ordered the Lentil Cake Towers again, and they were delicious.  We also ordered the Seared Tofu as another app, and they were so-so.  I love tofu, but knew I wouldn't be ordering them again.  I ordered the Vegetable Naan Wrap; good but missing... something.

The third time, I insisted we have the Mango Martini.  They were out of a couple ingredients, but the bartender did what he could with what he had - his improvisational attempt was still delicious.  This time, we ordered the Seared Eggplant which had great flavor but was overcooked and soggy; the Lentil Cake Towers, which were good but nowhere near the explosion of flavor the previous two times; and the Vegetable Samosa, which was a disappointment.

The saving grace of the third trip was Gabriel (I'm really hoping that's his name...), the bartender and our server.  He was attentive and on his game.  So much so that my boyfriend commented if he were opening his restaurant here instead of San Diego, he'd snatch Gabriel up in a heartbeat.
I was really pleased with Bombay Spice..it's definitely not your typical Indian restaurant setting.. Think more contemporary American decor... I mean The Smiths were playing on the stereo which gave it a nice relaxing casual vibe. We were served by a great friendly waitress who really knew the food and explained everything real well.. You can tell she was very excited about it. We started with the appetizer sampler which had four selections of appetizers of your choosing..all were outstanding especially the wings and the chickpea ceviche.  I then tried the Chicken Tikka Masala which had lots of great flavor and a nice kick then we checked in on Yelp and got a free dessert. Great prices and the way you order the food makes it really simple.. Great little casual place tucked away in the corner of a strip mall near PV mall.
There are some "non-traditional" or "Americanized" ethnic places that, while not true to the country's original dishes, still pull off a delicious meal.  Bombay Spice is not one of them.   Not only was the food unrecognizable as Indian, but it legitimately tasted awful.  We had the "Chef Sampler", which allowed us to try 4 out of 5 of the different sauce/bases that the facility provides. We had the curry, the spinach, the tikka masala, and the korma with broccoli and vegan chicken.

Pros:
* The appetizer, though it didn't taste similar to typical Indian food, was not bad. We had the Lentil Towers. 
*  The wine selection was fairly sizeable.
* The service was wonderful.
* The curry, though it didn't taste like traditional curry, was relatively palatable in comparison with the other dishes.

Cons: 
* The naan is actually toasted pita bread.
* The tikka masala was not well spiced and was very sweet. It almost tasted like over-sweetened yams pureed.  It wasn't just disappointing as tikka masala sauce, it was also legitimately disgusting.
* The spinach may have just been salted, cooked-down spinach and water. It lacked any spice at all, save salt. It had a lot of salt. 
* The korma was incredibly sweet. It tasted predominantly like sugar water and truly nothing else. The chunks of mango that were included in the sauce were practically savory in comparison.

Needless to say, this restaurant is not one I would recommend.
I just tried Bombay Spice for the first time and was pleasantly surprised. I've eaten alot of Indian food , and while some of the items may not be 100% authentic, I still thought the flavors and quality were great. I don't eat meat and there are plenty of veggie options. I'm really surprised people complained about the service - we had fantastic service!  I went with a group of 4 and we all ordered the lunch buffet ($11.95 -amazing value). It's different than other Indian buffets in that you order as much as you want from a list of 5 appetizers, then put together your entree of choice. All the appetizers were tasty, good portion sizes. For my entree I had eggplant and cauliflower curry, which really was amazing! I can't wait to return.
I went to Bombay Spice not long after moving to Paradise Valley from Scottsdale.  I knew that it was a 'healthier' Indian food, but I didn't know that meant they didn't use salt.  AT ALL.  Got a cup of lentil soup, and while I could taste the spices in it, it was watery and bland.  The texture was really off-putting.  The chicken tikka masala with cauliflower was no better.  It was a huge portion, but bland bland bland.  The 'naan' I liked, even though it is clearly non-traditional and clearly not homemade.  I will never ever come back here and waste my money on bland food again.
Yes, not your traditional Indian food because they don't use butter, fry things, etc. For some things that makes a big difference. The samosas for instance aren't nearly as good as real fried samosas. Frying makes everything better (and less healthy obviously). But other dishes were very close approximations and much healthier. Was the tikka masala as good as if it was loaded with butter? No, of course not. But I thought it was still quite tasty and was happy knowing that I could enjoy a healthy version of one of my favorite Indian dishes. 

The service was pretty good, no complaints there. Looked like they had a huge wine selection for such a small restaurant.

If you want traditional Indian that's fine, just go to a traditional Indian restaurant. So come to Bombay Spice knowing what you're in for and you'll be satisfied.
Went to BSG for the second time Friday night.  I thought the service was real good. The food is different but good. Reasonable price. Also good to see a manager interacting with customers. I will be back
Eh - mix and match entree is not my bag.

BUT TRY THE VEGAN LAMB. YESSSSSS.

and both the vegan chicken and the seared tofu were wonderful.

read the descriptions of each sauce before you order even if you know what they taste like traditionally!
My first visit here was amazing! The place is very cute. I always pass by this place thinking I wouldn't like anything on the menu. So I decided to give it a chance when a friend recommended this place for a healthy lunch or dinner. I got the chicken biryane with quinoa. It was delicious! Chris was a awesome server and super friendly! It you are a local you get 20% off every time you come in. I will definitely be back!
This place is in our neighborhood but I don't know why we don't go here more often - it is really very good. Don't profess to be an expert in Indian cuisine, but do enjoy it a lot and this place, although not totally authentic (and that's not always a bad thing) has great food. The place is small & compact, clean, with a modern & contemporary dcor. 

The "Create your entre" menu is a great idea and a nice option, especially to those unfamiliar with Indian cuisine. The chicken curry was very good. The Chicken Biryani was beautifully present ed and absolutely delicious. The menu is explanatory, and the servers very knowledgeable about all of the dishes. Although no one in our party is Vegan or requires Gluten Free foods, having the option is a smart thing to do for restaurateurs to expand their clientele. 

If you are new to Indian food, this is a good first step...go ahead, don't be afraid. You will be pleasantly surprised how good it is, and the fact that Bombay Spice offers healthy alternatives is icing on the cake!
We had a lovely dinner here last night and we have never been anything but happy with the food and service here.
They spice these exactly as you ask them and the food is so delicious and plentiful that we have always found this a great place to dine. We especially like the Ceviche starter which is always very tasty and filling. Great place!
I was a little disappointed that my server didn't offer me the bottomless weekend lunch special. The weekend lunch special is something like $11.95 and all you can eat appetizers lunch plates and dessert. I had it last time and it was very good.  At the time I thought they discontinued it but the table next to me got the menu for it but I still had an enjoyable lunch here anyway.

They offer an appetizer sampler plate where you pick four appetizers for $11.95. I picked Chickpea ceviche, Lentil Cake Towers, Chicken Tikka Kebab, and Chicken Seekh Kabab. My husband liked the Seekh Kabab best and said to him it tasted like sausage and peppers. I thought everything was tasty and flavorful and the chicken was prepared very well being moist tender and flavorful. It was a good amount of food but not quite enough for two people so we shared a Hot Chicken Vindaloo.

The Vindaloo was very spicy and chicken was very moist tender and flavorful. I thought this dish was presented very nicely with the Indian Style Bread ( Naan) and Cracker  (Papadum).This dish cost $9.45 and I added mixed vegetables to the dish for a $1.00 more. I don't mean to knit pick but if I'm being totally honest I need to mention my server told me the mixed vegetables were a mix of the vegetable choices Like cauliflower eggplant and other stuff but what I recieved were similar to frozen mix you buy at the store (carrots peas corn but I won't dwell on that and let it slide). I'd make a different vegetable selection next time.

The food here is Americanized Indian Style food that is mostly Low Fat and Healthy. They offer healthy side dishes like quinoa and brown rice. No Butter or Ghee is in the house, they use Olive Oil instead. The restaurant is casual but stylish.

They also are accommodating to Vegans and Vegetarians.
Drive by here all the time and have never stopped. Seen it in several magazines. Great atmosphere inside. Service is nice and friendly. Had the weekend bottomless brunch special for $11.95. It is like a buffet but you tell them what you want off a special menu and they cook smaller portions of it fresh on the spot in the open kitchen that you can see while being seated. You can basically eat as much as you want. I was not sure what to try but my server Nessa was a sweetheart and ask me a few questions about flavors and meats and I let her decide for me. I just said hook me up. Had the Lental cake tower, Naan bread stuffed with potatoes and peas, Shrimp curry, Chicken tikka masala and some type of carrot desert. I could of eaten more but I was feeling pretty full. Great flavors and aromas. You can get mild or as spicy as you want. Food was fresh, healthy and presentation was great. I can't wait to try more of the dishes.
I'm not one to hand out 5-stars, but this place deserves it for what they offer!
It's pretty casual, and there is nothing jaw-dropping about the atmosphere, but it's cool and kind of funky. 

They have a variety of vegan, gluten free, and generally healthy options, and the prices are so cheap! The Veggie nan-wrap is like $6.50 and the "entrees" (more like a rice or quinoa bowl) is around $11. The VIndaloo is perfect and the curry is spicy. I love their lentil tower and the yogurt sauce that accompanies it - they even have a similar vegan style sauce if that's your preference. Wine is $8/glass, which I think it pretty pricey for this place, so we usually stick with water or tea. 

Overall, I  love going here for a healthy and flavorful meal.
I have to say, this is really amazing Indian food! I went on a weekend for "bottomless brunch" which includes as many appetizers as you want, an entree and dessert for $12. I went in with a friend on Saturday around 1. The place was pretty empty and relaxing for a Saturday afternoon! The server was incredibly friendly and made some great suggestions. Here is what we got:
-Chickpea Ceviche. A must. Delicious, refreshing, and much needed in between spicy bites!
-Seared tofu. Also really good, though maybe not tricky enough to pass the carnivore's test.
-Vegetable samosas
-Lentil cake towers. Definitely my favorite thing that we got. They were served warm and had delicious yogurt sauce on them.
...and those were just the appetizers! Basically I was blown away by everything that was put in front of us. Couldn't recommend this place highly enough, what a great neighborhood spot!
Recently went vegan and I was dog sitting for someone nearby. I stopped by here since it was close and they offered vegan options. I was craving anything curry and spicy for weeks after I went here! I ordered the brown curry with tofu. It had huge flavor, very spicy and just a well rounded fresh meal. I am dog sitting for the same people very soon and i'll definitely have to stop by and get lunch again since it was so delicious last time. I also checked in on yelp and didn't even realize I got an offer for free dessert for checking in. That was definitely a plus! :-) Server/Manager was very nice and talkative. I will say though, no one noticed me standing in the doorway when I walked in for easily 3-4 minutes. All the other guests kept looking at me with these pity eyes while they scarfed down their food. lol
Not impressed. Better Indian to be had, but probably not on this side of town.
I tried their tika masala.  BLAND!  So I added some of the hot sauce to make it more edible.  I don't think I'll go back..
This is fresh, very healthy, delicious Indian food that's very reasonably priced. 

The flavors are wonderful, despite the fact that they do not use butter, cream or ghee, and they don't fry anything. 95% of the menu is under 500 calories. 

My husband and I are suckers for their rice-bowl-type system, where you can choose a sauce (Korma, Tikka, etc), a base (rice, quinoa, etc), vegetables and protein. We've never encountered a bad combination, so let your imagination run wild. However, if you want a sure thing, get the Korma with quinoa, shrimp and broccoli.  The portions are large and taste amazing the next day, too.

We've tried a lot of the appetizers and even a few desserts - everything was delicious!  We eat here at least a few times a month, now.
Just be careful when you go in to the Tatum restaurant on a  busy day, you will get the worst service ever.  There are usually younger waiters and waitresses that are very nice, but on this particular Sunday, there was only one waiter, mid 30's dark hair, incredibly rude.  I have been a customer of this restaurant since it opened, and have always enjoyed the food, but if this waiter or manager, continues to work at this restaurant, they will definitely loose a lot of their business. It's too bad a rude waiter can ruin a great restaurant.
Better to go during happy hours only as food is not that much great...(expect Chicken Tandoori wings )
Go for brunch! It's like a buffet, but everything is cooked fresh to order.
I loved the idea of choosing from a variety of Indian sauces to create your own dish with meat and veggies of your choice! We had lamb, chick peas, and broccoli in the korma sauce on top of basmati rice and washed it down with iced Indian tea. Yum! The only disappointment was the gajar ka halwa, which isn't the same without ghee.
Simple menu that you basically build a dish from but it is very good. I only wish they had more menu items. Their iced tea is very good, you can taste the spices they add to it.
I am an Indian and I have eaten at this place couple of times and the food here is not Indian food but a modernistic type of dishes which uses some Indian spices to give it a very very mild Indian food taste. Dont go there expecting to get your chicken tandoori or spicy chicken tikka fix as it ain't gonna do it for you. Its funny when some of the reviewers are referring it as Indian food... its like comparing Taco Bell food with Mexican food. One of our visits couple of years ago was during their happy hour which I thought was a good concept.
If you want real North or South Indian food, there are plenty of good places in the valley.
Very, very disappointing. I liked their previous location and the menu. It's sad that they kept the same name after they moved, because the food and the menu choices are very poor.  It has as much relevance to any Indian restaurant, as a Taco Bell to a Mexican place. Will NEVER go back.
Chipotle meets Indian food.  This was great!  Went here for a quick lunch and it was that.  Great portion size and love the choose your bowl, wrap or salad options.  The flavor was amazing, the vindaloo sauce did not disappoint with great spice and just enough heat for my taste.  This is a great option for a quick health lunch that is not a sandwich.  Excited to try more combinations soon.
Are you kidding me? I went to this place for lunch last week as I was waiting for my appointment with the no so genius staff at the Genius Bar at the Apple store down the road.... Thats another story... But I digress.... Anywho, This place absolutely sucks... Indian buffet scares me anyway, but this place takes it to a whole new level....The Naan was dry, the was a choice of almost nothing in the buffet... I almost walked out, but since I was there and wanted to review, I couldn't accomplish my mission without taking my life in my hands and trying it.... Good news, I'm still alive.... Bad news is, I am losing faith that good indian food exists in the valley
I had a very different experience here, but I did not order from the buffet I ordered to go I had takiki Marsala, Channa Marsala and some lovely veg samosas. This was the first time I went to this place the food was good...some of the best that I have tasted. I will definitely go to this place again the staff was friendly and I guess I am going to have to try the buffet.
I have been to this place 4 times, all for the buffet and all were good.

Their Tandoori is decent, they always have some varied vegetable selections and the Tikka is pretty good for a buffet.

They have a varied selection and the staff are always friendly and helpful

I like that you can get garlic naan with the buffet.

I have nto yet ordered off the menu there....
I had been waiting for this place to open up for Months. Its right by my Gym and i was stocked to see this new somewhat unusual place is getting ready to get open. Indian food!!! Yummm. South Indian!?! Hummm... Cool. Vegetarian?!? I am game. 

So, they finally opened up last week and we went there Friday for a dinner. Its not fancy and all - Just a few sitting stations on the big white room with a few TVs showing some Indian news. You order your food at the counter, take out style. Nothing interesting there. But fun starts when you get it!!! Sizes are large, MANY different things to choose from, there is a condiments bar. And, most importantly, it tastes really good!!! I mean fingerlickinggood!!! 

Why 5 stars? SERVICE! It was real good, owner there really friendly, very helpful and even hooked me up with a free Mango Lassi. "Pay next tine, maybe?!" - He said. WOW!

I can not wait to go back and try some other dish!!! I hope they stay in business and i will be able to go there time after time! You should check it out too!

"I like"
"Very nice"
Went again for lunch! Yuuummmm yummmmm Polished off a huge bowl of Curry Eggplant! Its so fucking delicious!!! Hawaiian guy and Indian girl i went with loved it as well. 

It IS a bit more spicy then your run of the mill average Indian joint. So be aware of that. I am sure they will be happy to tone it down for you, but then, of course, you toning down your experience. 

I loved it as is. Its awesome and i am sure as hell coming back!

PLEASE!!! P L E A S E do not listen to retards who bash this place for various stupid non-related shit!!! Stop by and try it. I brought half a dozen people there at various times and not one walked away disappointed - From actual Indian people to Alabama hick, to Scottsdale snob to average Joe.
Features a very large menu with lots of choices almost all between $7-$9.  We each had a Dosai and a Samosa. Everything was very good. The Dosais were large and filling. All the chutneys are free with the food. The mango lassi was delicious as well. We'll definitely be going back to try more. Great for lunch or dinner. At some point I'll try one of the lunch combos which sound like a great deal.
As far as South Indian restaurants go this is OK. The people are the same from the Udupi restaurant which BTW had several health code violations. However if you are into Indian food this "uncleanliness" comes part and parcel of the "Indian" experience. So if you disregard the general ambiance, its quite OK in terms of its food offering (Leaning strongly towards South Indian cuisine). The quality of the food varies due to non-standardization of the recipe.... methinks. Have tried the Thali which unfortunately was cold. Cold South Indian food is always yucky. I was somewhat placated with the various chutney's they have as an accompaniment. I give this place 1-2 year tops before it becomes a hovel.
Clean, bright and quick.
I came here with my husband, and we both had a combo-platter that included one masala dhosa, an idli, and some sambar. It was all tasty -- and waaayyy too much food.
I guess it's a mixed bag because some of his friends (they all work nearby) come here multiple times a week for lunch, and others swear its awful. 
As for me, I like the chutney bar - it's nice to be able to get as much as you want, and I recommend both the coconut chutney and the mint chutney -- or, blend them together, like my mother-in-law does with her homemade kind. Yummy.
I think this place is quite tasty, but I won't come here often, just due to the fact that it's a major carb overload, and I wish the dhosas weren't quite so expensive (I think they're about $7.50 for one?).
But, that being said, it's great for a once-in-awhile-treat.
idlis (rice cakes) can be used as a good weapon substitute. hard and reliable :)
NOTE: Ignore the reviews above. It looks as if there is some deliberate attempt by the Udupai owners to pose as members and bash this place. Yes, this owner used to own Udupai Cafe and Udupai Cafe is another dosa house that competes with this eatery.  If you read my other reviews, you know that I'm critical and  my attention to detail is there so I'm not one of these people who likes every place he eats at.

Positives
I'm Indian and I can assure you this place is good. I have never been to Udupai Cafe but based on its failing health inspections, I would be scared to eat there. Woodlands is a nice CLEAN eatery in a nice part of Chandler.  It's not a restaurant.  It's basically a Dosa shop. They  specialize in Dosa and offer several types. They also have excellent Indian Chinese dishes.   The food is consistently good and I have eaten there on several occassions.  This is a lunch/light dinner place.  Don't think of this place like a restaurant.  There are several types of Dosa and that's what this place specializes in.  The restaurant is also modern and not is some ghetto strip mall so don't worry about failing health codes here...at least not for a while.

Negatives
Their non-South Indian dishes are not so good. For non-Indians, they should be informed that this is a Dosa house so order dosa and other south Indian dishes.  Don't order your typical Indian restaurant favorites like palak paneer (it wasn't good here).   The owner also says every dish is excellent which isn't true; he is kind of a businessman so he doesn't really care about telling you which dishes stand out.  Stick to the Dosa and the Vegetable Manchurian.  Their mango shake wasn't very good. Their chiku shake is great.
Very good food.  I'm not Indian and I don't eat Indian food often.  But I like it, so when the guys at work mentioned Woodlands, I was excited to try it out.  I ordered the vegetable curry dish.  You get a LOT of curry and a small side of rice.   It was very tasty but could use more rice.   
The owner? was very nice and gave our table a few sample dishes to try for free.  I'm glad he did because I enjoyed them both.   

I am vegetarian so this will be on my 'yes' list of places to go back to.  

As for the atmosphere, there really isn't any.  That's fine.  In fact it's a refreshing change for the generic dark Indian restaurants you have all been too.
Woodlands reminds me of the Mysore Woodlands in Chicago up on Devon Street.  Casual atmosphere of ordering upon entering, disposable plates & containers, and no traditional server/waitress to deal with.  Food is among the best in Phoenix for South Indian Fare and prices are within reasonable ranges as well.  Staff was very friendly.

Location is on the NE corner of Ray & Rural, facing the west.
I love this place! I'd love it more if it was a few miles east, that is closer to my house. The dosa was wonderful, the puri with chick peas was divine. The thali was good although the okra was tough. I liked my uttapam but it isn't the best I've had. I would prefer silverware over plastic and plates over paper, oh well. Woodlands is my new favorite stop for Indian food in the valley.
What a treasure. I was very impressed with everything. They do use styrofome dishware but it makes for easy cleanup. The atmosphere was really fun. An Indian movie was playing as we ate which added to the atmosphere as well.  Everything was very clean and picked up. The staff were very friendly and helpful as well. The women that helped us explained what all the dishes were and even gave us seconds of our favorite without any extra charge!  I will be a regular here without a doubt. The prices are great too. Highly recommended!
Very excited to see this in my 'hood as I used to drive to South Scottsdale to Udupi for the Gobi (Cauliflower) Manchurian and the decadent puffy bread. Who would have thought  you'd crave a cauiflower dish, but you will after you try it. There also is an eggplant dish that is divine. This casual place is the best for vegetarian South Indian food. Can't understand any negative reviews. Friendly staff, condiment bar, and delicious ,food. Don't forget to try a dosa, many to choose from and the speciality of the house.
I agree with pretty much all the positive reviews of this place (thumbs up for the dosai, for the lassi, and for the Manchurian vegetables) so I'll just chime in to say try the lemon rice. Holy wow it's good.  The portions are generous, and the prices are pretty typical for food in the 'burbs.  I also agree that you shouldn't go in expecting a "dinner out on the town" experience. I'm intolerably picky about lighting, so we took ours home.  And we just kept pulling containers out of the takeout bag with incredulous expressions.  In addition to the entrees we expected, there was soup, three kinds of chutney, an unexpected side of plain rice... like I said, they aren't stingy.  And in case you missed it: LEMON RICE. It's my new constant craving.
Very disappointed. The dosas were greasy, sambar too salty, idlis dense. On top of all this, they are expensive and in no way eco-friendly. All items were served on styrofoam. Since when can restaurants not wash a few dishes? Never returning.
After reading reviews, I had trouble deciding what to order.  As a recently converted vegan, I have been shy to leave the house and try eating out, as I am hesitant to trust that all ingredients are vegan.  As it turns out, Woodlands is perfect for people like me!  They have a vegan coded menu, where all vegan dishes are marked with a star, making it that much easier to determine what's "safe" for me to eat.  They have delicious drinks prepared for the mango-lover.  They also have Pepsi products in a fountain.  They use styrofoam plates and cups.  The staff are friendly and prompt.  Our hot dishes were brought to our table 5 minutes or so after ordering.  I sampled three sauces from the chutney bar.  I loved all three!  The green one was spicy and the red one is a creamy tomato.  The black one is like a tamarind sauce with a pop of sour fruit taste.  We ordered Poori bread, which comes with two HUGE puffs of fresh bread!  We couldn't finish it!  The potato dosai was out-of-this-world-good.  If you like aloo naan bread, you will really enjoy this dish!  My friend ordered the eggplant curry, and it was as delicious if not better than my dosai.  Wow!  I am planning to come back again this weekend with the boyfriend.  So delicious!  I can't stop raving to everyone about it!  As a person who enjoys "medium" spiced foods, I was very happy with the level of spicy-ness in the dishes we ordered.
I'm not sure when this place opened, but I cannot believe it took me this long to get here!

They have a TON of vegan options and several gluten-free options which make them hella-rad in my book! 

This is a pay-at-the-counter-and-eat-off-of-paper-plates type of place, which is fine by me because it keeps the costs down and the portions large!

I had the gobi manchurian (SO AMAZING) and the spiced rice. My dining partner had one of the platters and she was loving every bit of it.

I will be back... watch out!
I went to this restaurant after a recent health kick, and had heard some good things, so I decided to check it out. The restaurant is more of a order at the counter, fast food looking atmosphere. I ordered the gobi manchurian, and the paper masala dosai. Let me just say, the gobi manchurian is one of the best things I've put into my mouth. And it's vegan! The dosai came to our table, and it was unbelievably big. Humorously so. But really tasty. The staff was really friendly, and I can't get enough of the bollywood music videos. Really great food. Will be back.
I am a meat eater, but when I do have to eat vegetarian, I prefer South Indian cuisine.  Woodlands did not disappoint in that department.  I cannot tell you what I ate since my friend did the ordering, but everything was really good.  We had chick peas, a huge bread that took up most of the table, and "hamburger buns" with tasty potato filling.  I am sure I can close my eyes, point at something on the menu and still find the dish enjoyable.  Expect a very casual restaurant where you order at the counter and eat from disposable plates.  This would also be a great place to order take out from.
Been to this location many times (both lunch & dinner) and the food is always good and filling.  I'm a huge fan of Indian food (both north & south) and this place is right up my alley.  Great food, great prices, speedy service...and always made to feel welcome by the friendly lady behind the counter.

I've even ordered food from here for a company luncheon event and everyone loved it.  Have taken many out-of-town guests here and everyone is always impressed w/the food.  I've been to many other Indian restaurants around the valley...but this is the one I always come back to.

The following are some of my favorites from this restaurant:

curry eggplant
palak paneer
malai kofta
vegetable manchurian
naan
dosa
I really enjoyed the food here. We stopped in for a casual dinner after being highly recommended. I left happy, and WAY more full than I had anticipated. All those light, airy dhosas are deceptively filling.

Another reviewer was on point by saying that this spot isn't really a restaurant, but more of an eatery or dhosa shop. You order at a counter, take a seat, and your food is brought out to you. Pitchers of water are self-serve and there is of course a soda fountain. There is also a chutney bar where you can explore to your heart's content. We brought a sample of each back to the table. Each were delicious and fresh. 

I got the palak paneer, which was delicious. My friend ordered one of the giant table-sized dhosas, of which they were happy to tone down the spice at her request. All in all, everything was great. The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was the plastic... everything. Our food was served in dixie bowls and all the silverware was plastic. It sort of felt like we were camping. The space is clean and bright, I think some real dishes and silverware would really round this place out. At any rate, I will be back.
The place is a cross between a takeaway joint and a diner located in the heart of Chandler, AZ.  Woodlands serves authentic South Indian cuisine. 
I would certainly recommend the place if you happen to be around Chandler and have a craving for some good Dosas or if really hungry, a South Indian Thali

Four star for Ambience
Five Star for the Food and service
once you get past the average looks - the food is great. it also comes quick ... sort of like an indian fast food joint!
Oh I am sorry, did you want some food?  This seems to be the common theme at all Indian food places.

I walk in, always seem to be the only or 2nd customer and the help seems disturbed they have to work, it is just awkward. This trip was no exception.

I walked in and looked at the menu for several minutes having no idea what to get, or how much to get for dinner for 2 hungry men. I decided to start with one of the potato filled triangle crapes, and then for our main dish I got #51 and #51. 

The first issue we ran into was the soda machine, as they did not expect customers there was no ice in it yet.

Our crepe came, it was pretty good, and it came with a cup of sauce which we found out was sauce. A crispy crape with a flavorful potato filling.

There are many interesting condiments to add to your food, I really enjoyed the spicy red one with carrots.

Our main dishes then came, they looked identical, felt nearly identical and almost tasted the same. they were fried soft chucks of veggie mass covered in a sweet crust and a semi spicy sauce, you could have told me they were Chinese food and I would have believed you.

All of the grease was a bit too much for me and I cold not finish.

Also $35 for 2 people is a bit steep of a order at a counter place, Main dishes are ~8 and chipati was $2  I would think for 6 one should get both.

Please tell me what should I order?
We ordered the two dinner combos even though it was lunchtime on Sunday.  The two employees were really slow to take our order yet the food came to our table as soon as we got a pitcher of water and a sample of each thing from the chutney bar.  You bring your own pitcher of water and your own plastic forks and spoons to the table.  We went in starving and left stuffed.  It seemed that more experienced couples ordered just one dinner combo and shared.  That would have made more sense once I saw the amount of food we had.  Plus it would have cost less.  We got no drinks for appetizers and the meal was $21.  I loved the crepe thing with potatoe in it.  Since the menu doesn't really have descriptions I don't know what I ate but everything tasted okay.  I didn't love most of it and I didn't really hate anything.  Not sure I would go back.  It felt almost buffet style without you choosing which things from the buffet you want.  I prefer other Indian Restaurants.
We usually do takeout because the interior is pretty drab, but the food is anything but! I have eaten a lot of Indian food in many parts of the world (London, New York, Toronto) and this restaurant is one of my favorites (though a notch below Chutney's on Drummond Road in London). I highly recommend the dosas (all are good) and the vegetable curry is unbelievable. I am not a vegetarian, but if all vegetarian dishes were as good as those at Woodlands, I could easily convert!
Great food, very tasty and fresh!  We loved this place and will definitely go back. Incredibly good food and big portions.  This is heaven for vegetarians I tell you!!
I'm not vegetarian -- far from it. But the flavors in these Indian dishes are so phenomenal that Woodlands definitely ranks as one of my favorite eateries in the area.

I'm always up for something new, and every time I eat here the owner takes time to educate me on new items to try.

Quick tip: Try the masala dosai and the samosa chaat!
Masala Dosai and samosa chaat are legit. Good tasting food, authentic flavor.

I drive to Artesia (Pioneer Blvd) sometimes just to fulfill my Indian veggie food cravings (ok not really, but I do visit every time I'm in LA). This place compares favorably to those places. They have some interesting dishes that are like whitified versions of masala dosai, like, pav bhaji dosai? Maybe this really exists in India, I don't know, I wasn't born there and I haven't been there, but I'd like to think I'm very well connected with my parents culture. I appreciate my Indian heritage and culture. Anyways, I was surprised that the pav bhaji dosai was actually really good. Sambar is decent too. Chutney bar is good, but I think its a little lacking.

Service is kind of, I don't know, not very welcoming. Typical Indian style. If you're Indian, I think it will suffice, but if you aren't you'll be weirded out. 

Phoenix really lacks south indian food places, this place somewhat makes up for that. Pricing though is not very appealing at all. ~$10 for a dosa with sambar is WAYYY too pricey. so much so that this might deserve a 2-star, but i gotta show some love for indian food.
I am of Indian origin, so I am picky about Indian food at restaurants. I don't eat out much at Indian places, so I haven't tracked ownership changes or what that has done for Indian cuisine. 

I ordered the malai kofta, which was $8.50. Might have been reasonable if it had come with a decent portion of rice. And had more than 3 kofta balls in that tangy sauce. Or if the extra rice in a thimble wasn't $1.50! I have had giant food portion for $10 at sit down restaurants with amazing ambience. I am not saying the place is expensive, just that the portion was way too tiny even for cheap places. You have to order at the counter, eat off flimsy paper plates that tip over at the slightest touch and clean up after you BUT there is a large tip blank on your bill which you have to sign in front of the attendant. And if you eat at Indian restaurants, you know well about the service that leaves you squirming. Woodlands was no exception. 

The chutney bar was a decent idea - the tomato chutney was actually good. I have sort of given up on decent sambhar or chutney. I suggest taking the effort to drive out a couple more miles to Little India in Tempe. For 5.99, you get that same quanity of subji, two rotis, large portion of pulav and pickle.
This review is mainly for Americans. Indians just get desperate and eat at such junkyards, like me.
Firstly, its owned by an Indian and they just want quantity and no quality at all. He did not allow me to order from the kids menu, as I was not under 10 yrs. Yes, he was that desperate and disgusting. Even when I told him that the big dosa is too heavy for me, he didnt budge.
Now for the food. Being from Bangalore and Udupi muself, I really know this kind of food. Its like eating a hot-dog when you go into an Italian restaurant. Chutneys cannot be stored for a buffet. Its impossible with the rate at which coconut degrades. Except the tomato one. So your not eating chutney, but just some stale mustard sauce.
The food is so lame, I dont know what to say. But the perfect recipe to fool Americans and desperate Indians. Its also too spicy for American standards and thats too bad.
Oh and avoid their frozen lassi, its nothing like a mango. India is famous for alphonso mangoes, but this is soooo horrible. Better off at buying mangoes from Costco and eating it raw.
i'm not a veggie but i tend towards veggie food and i do love indian food. i loved the chutney bar! the only variety i wasn't crazy about was the tamarind but that could have been just me. the portions are amazing for the price- when they brought a huge plate of air filled naan, we were amazed and impressed:) i have already recommended it a few times and will be returning!
The best Indian food in Arizona, bar none, and especially considering the prices and portions. The young guy at the cash register was incredibly nice and gave my girlfriend and I a free mango lassi because he forgot to offer me coffee/tea with my meal! The food was spicy, savory, sweet, and succulent. The chutney bar is a great idea and were likewise delicious. I forgot to tip for all the good food and friendliness, but I'll be back VERY soon and they will certainly have a couple repeat customers (and a generous tip). I highly suggest this restaurant to anyone that loves Indian food (and doubly so to those who are tired of the exorbitant pricing of Indian restaurants in the valley!).
I am South Indian by background.  Parents are from South India.  This food is very similar to what my grandmother, from Kanniyakumari, would make....just that my grandmother would not make as elaborate sometimes.  

If you were to ask me about the food, I would say it is good, but my grandmother cooked better :-)!!

As far as what my wife and I ate, here is the breakdown:

1) I had a Mysore Masala Dosai.  This is very traditional from the Mysore area in India, where my mother's side of the family hails from.  The dosai was very similar to what I would eat in India, though a bit more elaborate

2) My wife, who is Vietnamese by background, ordered the Spinach Dosai.  She said it was good, as she is used to South Indian food.  I never really did see spinach dosai in India before though.  

Regardless, if a person is adventurous, and you are not expecting the standard North Indian Mughlai fare, this place is worth going to.  I would go back. The atmosphere is more like a fast food, or cafeteria, but the food is good.

I do not want to compare it to elsewhere, as even I would say other places I have lived in the USA, including Chicago, have South Indian restaurants that can perhaps compete with this place and win.  For the Phoenix area, this is good though.
We have lived in the area for 7 years learned of this place only 6 months ago. Turns out it has been open for 3 years upon talking with the gentleman running the place.  My wife is vegan; I am not but always up for tasty grub. This place did not disappoint. I had the #24 Chole Dosai while my wife had the #43 Vegtable Curry.  We also got a side of #57 Malabar Parotta (bread/naan) which is to die for and could be a meal in itself. 

We were both so impressed with portion size (left overs came home for a much anticipated lunch the following day), flavor (loved the chutney bar), and friendly service. The gentleman on multiple occasions queried about or satisfaction. 

I give this place a very solid 4; maybe 4.5. The only thing that would make it better in my opinion is the ability to order an Indian beer and if the prices were a little lower. The atmosphere is on the casual, informal side which I like. Our dinner was $20 for 2 with leftovers. Very reasonable for dinner for two.
Really good food but not much ambiance.  I was with some Indian co-workers who helped me order gluten free.
Went for a late lunch on a saturday afternoon, probably about 1pm. I had to wait for 4-5 minutes for someone to take my order. looked like it was the manager or owner. he was polite. informed me they were out of a few things already. Thought that was poor planning being a holiday weekend and a saturday afternoon, but nonetheless, the food wass fresh and good. The sambar could have been a little thicker and was hoping for the food to be a little hotter (temperature related). Will visit again when I am in town.
I must admit, I was pleasantly surprised to have thoroughly enjoyed everything I ordered! I can't remember the last time that happened in a restaurant in the valley.

To start, the ambiance is non-existent, so if you want to impress a girl on a first date, this isn't the place. However, if you want to eat food that "wows" you, Woodlands is the place to come.

I ordered the samosa as an appetizer, and then the veggie curry, along with an order of malabar parotta bread. The samosa had so many spices in it that it was great on its own, however, there are plenty of delicious chutneys to choose from ( I loved the mint and coconut, there was also a spicy one with chunks of veggies in it that was good).

 The curry was fantastic, spicy and full of flavor. I get annoyed when I order spicy in an Indian restaurant, and then after looking at me they serve it to me mild - Not here, it was just right. The bread was excellent too, so was the mango lassi, though I really wanted a Taj Mahal - No alcohol here! 

So besides the cafeteria environment and no alcohol or table service, this place is great, because they serve great food.
We tried Masala Dosa , Grill Thali and Mango Lassi, the food was fresh and the taste was it should be, the quantity was very good. We will defienetly go to this restaurant again, I am from North India, but a big fan of South Indian food,
First dosa experience and it was wonderful. Definitely going back.
OMG, I feel like I'm on a role with finding half-decent Indian food. After being here for over 2 years, I'm either finding some good places or my taste-buds have lost their touch. Since I refuse to believe the later, I was VERY happy with this place. Great place for dosa...finally I don't have to make it myself :) Seriously legit dosa!

We ordered rasam, the Grill Thali and a rasmalai. The Grill Thali is about $10 and is a good start if you want a general idea of what to order in the future. It came with masala dosa, idlli, vadai, sambhar, and a sweet (gulab jamun)... great value for what you get. The masala dosa was on par, vadai was made well, idlli was a bit dense and dry, sambhar was flavored well, and gulab jamun was not frozen (I've found way too many places that store it in the freezer and it kills me every time!). The spice level of the rasam was good but felt like it was missing something, possibly tamarind. The rasmalai was made well, but a little bit sweeter than I'm use to. All this for approx $16 for 2...My tummy was happy!

Woodlands is not the best place ever, but the dosa was good enough to make me want to come back to try the other types of dosa. Everything else was satisfactory and edible. I've noticed a lot of ppl critiquing the decor, but heck, it looks like a lot of the great places in Artesia (the little India area located in L.A.) so please don't come here if you're going to be critical of the cafeteria style.
In the months since I have found this place I have eaten here more than once a week.  I think even if you are not vegetarian they have the best food on this side of town.  The staff are very nice and the orders are filled promptly whether you eat in or carry out.  I have brought all of my friends and family here it is so good.  We have a  running joke that you can just point to the menu and get something.

The real standouts to try are:

- Gobi Manchurian - deep fried cauliflower
- Chenna Batura - Chickpea Curry
- Spring Dosa - rice and lentil crepes
- Potato Bonda - breaded potato dumplings like samosas.

The place isn't super fancy. It's a simple strip mall restaurant with really friendly people.  I don't find this place very expensive and you get a ton of food wether you eat in or carry out ( I've done both many times ). Only one word of caution some of the stuff can be very spicy some days :)

So be a little adventurous and try one of the dishes above I don't think you will be disappointed.
We are vegetarians and found Woodlands the day we moved to the area. We got the Butter Masala and the vegetable soup (got take-out). The portions were big and prices were good. The Masala was wonderful - creamy, savory, extra tomato-y, and a little bit spicy, which was perfect. I ordered the veggie soup for my lady who was sick that night, and it ended up being the ideal thing. Delicious broth, not too spicy, kind of like the Indian equivalent of a good chicken noodle soup. But vegetarian. We will absolutely be ordering from Woodlands again - what a nice introduction to the Phoenix area!

EDIT: We've just ordered take-out from Woodlands again (probably will happen pretty often) and got the Vegetable Curry which was nearly as fantastic as the Masala. The order came with a couple yummy sides: a yogurt sauce and a gingery concoction. We also got the lentil soup this time and wanted to post a WARNING to fellow Yelpers: This soup is SO SO SO SO SPICY, I absolutely love spicy food and couldn't finish it. Not for the faint of heart!
Went here for lunch with a coworker, and totally loved it.

The service is weak. The decor is weak. The process is confusing. The details are lacking. You get cheap paper plates. If you want water, there's a pitcher. It has about as much ambiance as a Circle K, and it would be easy to think they're doing everything wrong from a restaurant experience perspective.

But they totally made up for it with the food. I had the spinach dosai, and it was awesome (and I'm no vegetarian). My mouth is watering right now thinking about it. I wanted to go back for dinner that same day. (I actually want to go back for dinner right now!)
So, a carnivore goes into veggie restaurant...

No, seriously, this is great stuff. I have a friend who's a veggie and loves Indian food, so when I noticed this place sandwiched between a hair salon and a pizza chain, I had to tell her. We checked it out tonight, and DAMN. The Gobi Manchurian is amazing, especially with the mint chutney. The spinach dosai is very good, but a bit dry (not that that stopped us from fork-fighting over the last bits). This unrepentant flesh-eater went away completely happy and didn't miss the meat at all. Think I'll be coming back at least once a week.
I'm a regular to this restaurant. Being a south indian myself, I can vouch for their great quality south indian food.

My favourites here are the venpongal vadai, combo variety rice and vegetable uthappam.

The food is decently priced, delicious, served quickly and the manager is very friendly and willing to serve.

Though this is a small restaurant, Ive never had to wait to be seated.

There is not much of an ambience, but the food makes up for it.
Woodlands is one of my favorite places to grab lunch. I first learned about it from a fellow Indian coworker who was vegetarian and that was the only place he frequented.  

It's a pretty plain joint (not too big on the decorations, you'll note), but the food is outstandingly flavorful.  Now don't be fooled and think that just because it's vegetarian that it is going to be completely 'healthy'... that is a very common mis-conception and can really eff up your 'diet' if you have that mindset and eat at places like this frequently.. cuz I tell ya, they are pretty generous with not only the portions, but to give food some sustenance, you can bet they use cream or ghee (basically butter) to thicken sauces up and the likes.  This food is flavorful, for sure, but low in calories it is not.

I have tried a few of their Thalis (basically sampler dishes which lets you try a variety of things in one sitting and in smaller portions, but still really filling), the Palak Paneer, the Currys, the Aubergine dish called Bharwan Baiga, Gobi Manchuria.. they were all super delicious... though the Aubergine dish is still my favorite!

Plan on taking leftovers... oh yeah, and the prices are pretty decent and the staff is pretty good, too.
I tried this place based solely on the reviews. Turns out the food was delicious, and the prices are more than reasonable. I paid $8.50 and ended up with enough food to feed three people! I will become a repeat customer, for sure.
In Short : 
South Indian Veg, GREAT taste, Quick Service, Low Price.
No ambience, No specific seating arrangements, served in plastics.

Details :
Every week we used to drive 35miles from Scottsdale to Chandler just to eat in Woodlands and come back. And my roomie always (and always) eats Pongal n Vada, while I try out new dish every week.

The food (esp. Dosa(s), pongal and chole ) is of great taste and quality.
The quantity is so much more than you could expect.
The food comes to your table super quick.
The prices are very reasonably low.
The owner is very friendly.

There is no appreciable (or even noticeable) ambience. The process is: Pay the bill then get the food. No specific seating arrangement. Served in plastics.

Bottom Line :: 
This is a place where you dont take you GF or your boss to impress them.
This is a place where you treat yourself with Great food with low cost.
Enjoy the taste and forget everything else around you.
Ohhhh mama. Just thinking about Woodlands makes my mouth water. I know everything my boyfriend has ever had there he has loved. He tries out new things every time there. 

I, on the other hand, just stick to what I know and love and crave: the vegetable manchurian. It's spicy, delicious, deep fried vegetables with a nice cold dipping sauce on the side. The price is great for the awesome amount of food you get (one order is usually two dinners for me, sometimes more!). Ambience is lacking, but we tend to take our food to go. I just wish they'd open a location closer to Tempe!
Trust me, you don't go here for the ambiance (there is none). Well, unless you count the tons of Indians who frequent the joint or the occasional office troupe that takes over one corner, or the couples in for dinner... well basically it's a good place for anyone. What makes Woodlands stand out from the other Indian places in Chandler (some that DO have 'ambiance') is that Woodlands brings the heat. The chutney bar has a white coconut chutney that both cools and has a slight kick, a red tomato chutney with a low soft burn and good flavor, and my personal favorite, the green mint chutney that will knock your socks off. I only come here for the Dosas, the Masala Dosa and the Mysore Masala Dosa are both very good.

It seems to me that they use frozen vegetables, but the masala has never tasted bad so there's really no downside. Everything is nice and hot when they bring it out, although sometimes the sambar (a soup-like dish) might not be if it wasn't as freshly made. Their vadas (spicy, savory fried lentil cakes) are pretty good too. I haven't tried much else but why deviate from what works? The owner is really nice and will chat with you on what to get, family history, etc if you want. I wish they were open later (and on Tuesdays!)

If you're used to sit-down 'classy' restaurants and waiter service, well, you might find this place 'lacking' but honestly, these sorts of places focus on what matters - what's on your plate rather than what's on the wall.

This IS pretty much as good as it gets in Chandler...
What this place lacks in interior design, it makes up for in deliciousness! Like other reviewers have said, this is not a fancy place. The person who takes your order is not the most outgoing guy on earth. If you want water, you grab a pitcher that they probably bought at Wal-Mart and drink your water from a small styrofoam dixie cup. You eat off of styrofoam plates and bowls. I don't care. The food is awesome and you get a ton of it for the price. I'd eat at this place if I had to sit on the floor and eat with my hands.

I always order the palak paneer - it's very good and super spicy. I love it so much I'm afraid to try anything else. The meal comes with rice (I'm not sure if they all do though,) if you want bread it's extra. 

Great food, and well worth the drive to Chandler!
Easily the best indian food in Arizona.
My wife and I come here frequently and always get the vegetable curry. Keep up the good work!
If you are vegetarian, this is an oasis in this desert!   If you just crave something outside of the norm, this is the cure. The food is spicy and delicious!  Prices for specialty food are decent!  The decor is not exceptional, and the utensils are plastic, but the quality of food makes up for it.  I have had the Paper Masala Dosai, Paneer Dosai, Vegetable Curry, Vegetable Manchurian (my favorite), Vegetabel Byriani, Vada Pav and they were all delicious!  I recommend you go with a friend so you can try a couple of things. They have a chutney bar that is quite delicious and adds yet another layer of flavor.
Pretty good food overall.   There's a chutney bar as well.  However, if you're looking for a nice sit down place, this is not what you're looking for.  Everything is served in styrofoam.  But if you're just looking for some good  grub you can get it ehre.
Dosas! !
Yummy. So great for vegans too as everything is labeled!
My wife and I wanted to check this place out after reading some of the reviews on Yelp. First, because we're trying to watch what we eat these days, and also, to try something different.  We were not disappointed.  We aren't too familiar with Indian food, and other than the usual curries and lentils, we had no idea what most of the stuff was on the menu.  Rest assured, the food was fantastic, but perhaps a bit spicy for my wife since she is not accustomed to hot foods.  In any case, the food was filling, spicy, and tasty.  If you are looking for something different and something healthy and vegetarian, give this place a try!
My first impression....wasn't too good as it looked not so good...they really should fix up the place.
The food on the other hand...great vegetarian menu....dosa was tasty. Had also dahl with rice...very good. They even have choices of chutney. I do recommend to anyone....even meat eaters.
Finally writing a review after I have been eating here for a couple years now.  This place is hands down the best south Indian food you will find in the valley.  They do such an incredible job with the spices.  The owner is really nice, he remembers that I cannot eat raw onions.  They did not even know that they were nominated for best vegetarian restaurant this year in the New Times, it was just business as usual.  Do not go here expecting to have a fine dining experience, you order at the counter, either take it to go, or sit in the dinner atmosphere and eat some crazy good food!  Friendly atmosphere, lots of families in to eat.  Everything is great, but the paneer butter marsala is one of my favorites.
One word for this place: yummmmy! I give 5 stars for the food. We had the chole masala dosi and pav bhaji masala dosi and they were delicious!
Love this place!!
This is top-notch, delicious food.  My friend from Mumbai told me that it is as "authentic as you can get here in the US" and I believe her.  Here's the thing:  heretofore I couldn't eat Indian food, whereas my wife would have had it fed to her intraveneously if possible.  Now, when we go to Woodlands, I eat everything and LOVE IT!!!!  Paneer is phenomenal.  Chenna Battura (sp?) brings a tear to my eye just thinking about it.  I have ordered, devoured, and thoroughly enjoyed about 3/4 of the menu.  

To further expound:  I could give a crap about ambiance, as long as I am not in a dangerous or filthy place.  Woodlands is immaculately clean and in an upscale Chandler location.  Really could not care less about the lack of interior decor or the fact that they use styrofoam cups and plates (which, from what I understand, is a significant "upgrade" from what you can expect in a South India marketplace).  Not here for a luxurious dining experience.  Just to eat.  And eat I do, in a clean, friendly, well-served location that offers delicious, authentic Indian food.  PS:  if you ever travel outside the US you'll find that about 98% of the world doesn't eat in restaurants like our spoiled fat butts--they eat in a market or order from street vendors.  Compared to this, Woodlands is off the chart in terms of luxury and taste.  And, again, compared to all other Indian food (which I could not eat before), this is the best.  Prices cannot be beat.  GO THERE AND CHECK IT OUT!!!!
My favorite Indian takeout place in the Valley. I specify takeout because I wouldn't necessarily eat there at the restaurant (as other people have mentioned, the decor is kind of generic and odd). The FOOD, however. MAN. SO GOOD. I especially recommend the butter paneer masala. Pretty reasonable priced, too.
Very nice setup, great food and service And very reasonable prices.
Looks can be deceiving. 

The interior is, well- it's a restaurant and they have tables. That's about as fancy as it gets.

 However, the food is absolutely incredible. 

The service is quick and excellent. The owner is very polite and helpful.

The Butter Paneer Masala and Manchurian Vegetable are my two favorites, and everything I've had has been stellar. 

First impressions can be a little off-putting, but once you try their dishes, the ambiance doesn't seem to matter.
Woodlands serves freshly cooked indian food at very affordable prices at around $7-10 per each main dish. My friends who are originally from India recommended this place and took me here while I was in town visiting them to enjoy some great South Indian Dishes. There's a small chutney bar where you can get your favorite chutney just to snack on or to dip your favorite bread/crepe in thee, too.

We order Chole Batura, Saag Paneer, Masala Dosa and Chole Chaat + Mango Lassi...they tasted terrific! :)

The store is very low key and the ambiance isn't that great (there are just around 10 tables at most and you may end up sitting in front of the restrooms), but the food is super fresh and tasted great! (made from scratch daily and upon your order!).
Very good tasty food. Not too spicy for my taste. Compare to Little India, a little too spicy for me.

Here r what we ordered:
Spinach Dosai, if u r into spinach
Chenna Batura, 5 stars for me
Mini Masala Dosai, big portion, 4 stars for me
Paneer Butter Masala, 5 stars, taste like meat dish but it is not

We will try other stuff on the menu for our next visit.
Possibly the only vegetarian place I will eat regularly. I initially wanted to work through the entire menu but started craving items I enjoyed I started going back to them. Lunch specials are super filling for the price. Plates and stuff are cheap but whatever the food makes up for it. Oh yes and the chutney bar is awesome! And the pickled hot stuff whatever it is is so bomb. I could eat a bowl of just that!
OK, don't plan on being impressed with the atmosphere. You will be served on paper plates.  However, what is put on those paper plates in divine nectar! This is a big step above the original/famous Woodlands restaurant in Rishikesh (unrelated,I asked the owner in Rishikesh, & he is LIVID about all the imitations!) The food here is amazing. BEWARE: closed Tuesdays! (drove 2 hours from Chino Valley one time to find that out the hard way) Also, please note that "South Indian" means HOT. If you want it mild,you need to tell them. The owners are very sweet & attentive,as well as the Mexican waitress. Always packed full of Indian customers = authentic. The only Indian restaurant I found in AZ to compare to this one is the Govindas in Tucson. This is a family run business (the owners are the cooks,& you can watch them prepare the food) Best food,best price. Very clean. I love Indian food,& this place is great.
My couple friends from India spoke badly of this place.  However, upon reflection, I can't think of a time where any Indian friends, have ever given a favorable review of any Indian restaurants.      

I ate here and loved it.  I got the Dosa with spinach filling.  Of course I doused it with with tons of chutneys too.  I loved it.  Nice and spicy!  

Every Indian I know always compares it with their mothers cooking.  Of course each Indian is from a very specific part of India and the cooking varies regionally.  So I guess I can no longer listen to my Indian friends regarding Indian restaurant reviews.  I mention this because I think it might be a cultural phenomenon, which many others might confirm....?
Service is fast. Paneer dosa, idlis and some curry which the owner recommended were good. Ambiance not that great and better for take out than dine in. The cost is reasonable but for some reason I felt I was overcharged on two occasions.
The food is absolutely amazing.
However, keep in mind it's SOUTH indian food, which means it's on the spicy side.
I had the lemon rice and also the Dosa with spinach filling.  Of course I doused it with with tons of chutneys too. (Sorry Scott B, I plagerized from your review) I loved it.  Nice and spicy!  I also got the cauliflower with chili sauce.  YUM!!!
Don't expect ambiance, it's all about the cooking.
My Indian friend loves it, she raves about this and drives from N Phoenix to the Woodlands about once a week.  
Definitely go and give it a try!
Good South Indian food. Casual seating but that's fine when you don't need fancy place but want good vegetarian dosas

My last visit was not pleasant though.. there are lots of flies inside the restaurant especially on top of chatani area. Not very appetizing!
This restaurant was recommended to be years ago by a native Indian but I didn't get around to trying it until now.  My bad because the food was awesome!  I hadn't had South Indian food since actually being in India in 2006 so this was a real treat for me!  I ordered the Malai Kofta (I'm a creature of habit, this is what I almost always get), a side of Iddly and the Paper Masala Dosai.  The spice was just right, hot enough to make me sweat but not real Indian hot which is slightly too much for me.  The dosai was thin and crispy on the edges and spongy in the middle - perfect!  My only complaint is that the malai kofta was a little chewy (slightly overlooked maybe) but the sauce was so delicious that it hardly matters.  They give you a ton of food too.  I'll probably be eating delicious leftovers for two days.  Definitely a place I would go to again!!  Oh and they had freshly made jelebis that were SO good!  My fianc and I devoured the entire package.

Edited to add: The second time I ordered Malai Kofta the lentil balls were perfect and not at all chewy.  This is definitely my new favorite Indian restaurant!
Absolutely love, love, love Woodlands food! Feel at home there. Finger-licking delicious food. Authentic. Yummy. Quick, concise and to the point. This is my new favorite spot. Referring friends here.
Fantastic food.   One star off for spork.  Really? How do you eat Indian with a flimsy plastic spork?  Get real dinnerware and I will change report to five stars.
I work at Intel down the road and me and my coworker order from this place once a week! The Palak Paneer, Masala Butter Paneer, and the Gobi Manchurian are freaking AMAZING! The guy at the counter which i believe is the owner is always really nice, and says, "Hey you're that guy from Intel, you still working?" We usually call up the order and go pick it up 15 minutes later. Definitely highly recommend this place if you like Indian food.
Oh, the food. I would say it is on par with Anandas. It is spicy, more of a kick than seems typical, but I like it like that. Where I start deducting points first is the overuse of styrofoam and the very non-sustainable serving process. Most everything is served in styrofoam, even the drinks. The eating utensils are very small and very flimsy plastic. This is a deal breaker. I can forgive the non-friendly demeanor of the guy behind the counter, and the below par ambiance. But considering they're investing very little in the experience, the prices should also reflect this. Love the food, really tuned off by everything else.
I literally could NOT STOP EATING! I ordered the Chenna Batura, otherwise, curried garbanzo beans with puffy bread or even easier, #33. It was so satisfying that I ordered a second one to go so I could take it home and indulge over the weekend. The decor and ambiance was not the greatest, but really, who cares when the food is to die for. I will be making this my official "Place to go when I can not decided what I want to eat" because I know it will always be satisfying no matter what type of food I am in the mood for.
I ate here for the first time today with a friend who is a vegetarian/vegan - I however am not so I was skeptical.  I ate my words and my weight in paneer butter masala - the food was sooooo  good! We also had the dosa and the flat naan like bread (I don't recall the name) but I couldn't stop eating it was all so delicious. The chutneys where good and I loved the coconut the best although spice they had some delicious flavors - definitely a new favorite spot!
I was stuck in a remote town in the desert of Arizona and desperate for some real food so we found this Indian restaurant listed about 40 minutes away and began the trek. Woodlands is a vegetarian South Indian restaurant located in Chandler, Arizona about 20 minutes south of Phoenix.

When we arrived, we immediately realized it wasn't all I thought it would be. Located in a strip mall, it was a tiny little take-out joint with inside seating for about 20. We took a look at the menu and were pleased to see items that were marked "vegan" so we ordered and took a seat at a booth. The restaurant had a plain interior with cheap tables and black chairs. Towards the back, there was a toppings bar with lots of options. We chose the hot peppers to add to everything we had ordered and waited for our food.

We started with the Iddly steamed rice and lentil cakes. These plain, mostly flavorless cakes were served with a somewhat-runny sauce that left much to be desired. That's not to mention that everything was served on styrofoam plates, which I only tend to see in cities in the middle of nowhereland. So weird.

For our entrees, we ordered two curries. I had the Vegetable Curry that had green beans and cauliflower in a coconut-tomato-based curry. My friend ordered the Dhall Curry, which had lentils with mustard, cumin, and spices. Neither of them were anything special.  And we also asked for super spicy, but they weren't spicy at all.

We also ordered the Parotta Kurma, which turned out to be really odd. They took the bread and sliced it up into pieces, then put a red curry on it. The bread was chewy and slightly spicy, but just odd.

All in all, it wasn't worth the drive out. The guy at the counter wasn't very helpful or personable. The meal was mediocre at best. And the entrees at $8.50 each really could be priced less for what we received. Oh, and the styrofoam and paper plates for those dining in the dining room were pretty tacky.
Well, this is how I first felt when I got my food - Food on STYROFOAM plates and cups? Seriously? I feel guilty to spoil mother earth with so much plastic shit! The food is not cheap, why cannot they serve food on the proper plates and cups? I guess it was not a good day to go to Woodlands for us, we ordered masala dosa, idli and vada combo. Dosa was only cooked one side and when I told the lady about it she told me something ridiculous thinking I do not know how to make dosa myself. And idlis were not bad but vada had that stale oily smell. You know what I mean right?? My hubby ordered bisibelebath(his all time fav) which was not bisi( means hot) at all. It was cold. I am NEVER EVER going to this place. All you GREEN LOVERS out there, I highly recommend avoiding this place to avoid seeing so much plastic plates, cups, spoons, forks.. etc. And believe me the prices are comparable to other Indian restaurants out there. Its a bummer that it is so bad. Me being a vegetarian, I will have one less place to choose.
One of my favorite places for take out. The menu has lots of selections and it's a vegan paradise! The food is consistently outstanding. Try it all! The vegetable curry is my favorite!
This place just opened up about a week ago, and I think it's a great addition to the Indian restaurants in the Valley.
 My husband and I went to eat dinner here last night and, even late on a Monday, it was crowded. Beware - it's a small space, so if you are going on a weekend, I would call for reservations. 
The restaurant, located next to the India Plaza on Apache Blvd., is really inviting - it's decorated with bright colors, nice, thick tables and contemporary lights and wall hangings. It has quite a different feel than most Indian restaurants in the Valley. It has fun, upbeat music playing too, although I think it could have been turned down a  *little* to make it easier to talk.
I loved the menu, because it is quite varied, offering the 'usual' suspects as well as some different items like Goan fish curry, bitter melon curry, goat curries, and gobi manchurian. AND, it also serves chaat. 
My husband and I, however, decided to stick with the more typical offerings for the night. He got the "La Jawab Kadahi Gosht" which was lamb pieces and veggies in a spicy yogurt sauce. It was seasoned really well and delicious. I ordered the malai kofta, which was also delicious and seasoned just perfectly. The rice and naan we ordered were tasty, and I loved the side of raita - instead of just a simple yogurt and cucumber dish that the restaurants around here typically serve, this raita had some veggies mixed in and, I think, little puffed wheat pieces. Yum!
All the food comes in copper bowls and plates, too, which I love.
The service was quite friendly, albeit a little slow (it took a while to get our food) - however, we felt that was more to do with ironing out some first-week kinks, rather than an indicator of anything more serious.
 If you like Indian food, I would definitely recommend giving this place a try.
Went for lunch with a friend.  I had the Bhatinda lamb special. Very good.   The portion was modest (but fine for the avg. appetite in context with the other stuff), and the price included naan, rice, and a couple of other sides.

My friend ordered a vindaloo dish, which was a tad more in price and was just the curry. For him, the rice/naan was an add-on. It was a larger serving, but I think he felt a tad confused due to the different offerings included in my order.   Also, he felt it was pretty mild, though the menu and waiter mentioned it would be spicy hot. We mentioned this to the manager and he said that requesting more heat was an easy thing for them to do. So if you like to sweat when eating vindaloo (and other Indian fare), just be sure to make it clear when ordering. 

In any case, it was a first visit so I'm not sure which are the best things to order and if ordering a combination - what is the best plan. I would venture to guess, however, that it would be a great place to go with a small group, then order a variety of things and share.
Okay, so I know you are wondering: "What's with the 5 stars" ..fine..that skepticism is warranted so the answer is a very simple: grade inflation...as in grade inflation for Phoenix Indian restaurants. We all know the Indian restaurants are terrible in Phoenix in general so the ones that are pretty good deserve higher than normal grades.   Don't get me wrong, my expectations were exceeded when I dined at "The" Dhaba.

Guru palace is still better and in regards to food, I would say Royal Taj is slightly better but The Dhaba is a strong 3rd place.  And in terms of the overall total package, I would rank The Dhaba the 2nd best Indian restaurant in the city. 

The ambience reminds me of the contemporary small joints you see in NYC or SF.  The restaurant is narrow yet not claustrophobic. The style is contemporary with nice mood lighting to give it a comfortable 'lounge" like feel to it.  They have the standard flat screen television with Bollywood playing. There are two servers.  There is a non-Indian server and an Indian server.  Luckily we got the Indian server because the other one just seemed a little strange like the reviewer below said.  I thought the service was pretty good. No, our waiter didn't exchange pleasantries or talk to us but he was efficient. Water was continuously replenished in our cups which was a nice change for an Indian restaurant.   A big hit with me were the plates and cutlery.  They were all metal including the cups which provides an additional authentic feel of dining in India. The water especially tastes cooler when it's served in a metal cup.  And just to avoid confusing people, there are two parts to Dhaba. They have a fast-food like chaat place which is next door to its restaurant component. We dined at the restaurant. 

The food: The food was well prepared. The texture especially was captured right. The chicken tikka masala was creamy and not runny. The quality of the chicken included thick chunks of white chicken breast. The saag paneer had a nice smooth pureed consistency but it wasn't runny.  My favorite aspect was the naan which had amlost a paratha texture to it with flaky layers yet it was baked and crunchy on the outside but wasn't burned. The rice wasn't dry or overcooked like you receive at most Indian restaurants.  In terms of heat, it was perfect. It wasn't too hot or mild. I though they really nailed it there. So what was missing? Flavor.. the food didn't lack flavor but it did lack that addictive quality that makes you want to come back by yourself and just chow down when you just got finished working out for 2 hours. Oh, don't get me wrong, food was tasty and far better than 90% of the Indian restaurants in the valley including some vaunted favorites like Dehli Palace in Tempe, India Palace on 35th and Bell, Tandoori Times and Maharaj Palace to name a few.  The malai kofta was arguably the best in the city  The only weak dish was the saag paneer; yes they got the texture right but it was a bit plain and it could have used more spice.  

Something that deserves mention was the chaat. We ordered the samosa chaat.  The chaat actually contained normal amounts of samosa as opposed to one small piece of samosa and just tons of sauce. The samosa and the chole were very well prepared and it wasn't drowned in sauce. It was also fairly big and it was more than enough to feed two people.

Other things worth mentioning: we had two white guys playing the sitar and tabla, talk about ironic but the fact is they were really good sothere was a live music component.  The place was also packed and there were people waiting outside to enter which I have never seen at an Indian rest. in the valley  so something is working. Finally, the food was priced fairly. We ordered 3 dishes, 2 naan, 1 rice, 1 appetizer and two soft drinks for $44...not bad for an Indian restaurant..the same would have cost us about $10-$15 at another Indian restaurant. 

This place is worth taking a date to or  a group of friends as it's ambience is hip enough that if you don't like the food, your friends won't think you took them to some cheap restaurant.  In other words, it's a good place to take people who have never eaten Indian food.  My recommendation is that you arrive before 7:30 because after that, the place gets packed.  If you go before 7, the crowd is mostly non-Indians and the date crowd.  After 7, you have large groups of Indian families dining and so the waiting line can be extensive and the tables can get packed.  

My only criticism (if there is one) is the lack of enough of waiters and the length of time it took to bring the food out. We ordered our food at 7:05 and didn't receive it until 7:40 and the place wasn't busy at the time. Therefore, I could imagine that it could get much worse if you get there past 7:30 or 8 PM on Friday and Saturday.
I went here on a Friday night with recommendations from a few Indian friends. I was very disappointed with the vegetarian selection. Of the "traditional" indian drink selection; they were completely out of all the drinks. I asked for my curry "hot, really hot and spicy." It was not. We had a group of 5 and half of our table had to wait for silverware after their food arrive. Then it took them about 35 minutes to bring us our check, nor did we get any water refills, all night. It was a bad time all round.
Before beginning with my review, I would like to critic (!!) on something that I read through a lot of reviews here for "The" Dhaba...

" There is no f* variable Spice level in Indian food... " I get enraged when people say these things as if these are the conventions for food... Most of the Indian recipes ( 99% at least ) are prepared with a predetermined spice level... " How do you want your food, mild medium or spicy ? " is the dumbest thing I have come across in my entire restaurant life... there are some recipes that are supposed to be SPICY and some are supposed to be Medium and some Sweet... reason being Indian spices range way more than just Chilly for heaven's sake... Thai restaurants vary Spice level just by adding more Chili... Indian spices are way more than just chili and you can not add / subtract spices like Chili sauce since spices are added during the process of cooking and not on top as garnishing... 

In short, "Mild, Medium or Spicy" is like asking what kind of a football player do you want for your team " fast, faster or fastest " .. well, quarterback position needs a fast player, tight ends could be faster but wide receivers need to be the fastest... but you can not f* switch and play the game !

All right... about the restaurant... my opinion is that if you wish to have real Indian food, you have to go to cities other than Phoenix (or even better, go to India... !)... I have been to some Indian restaurants in Houston, Washington DC, New York, San Diego, New Jersey and a few more places and all places have much better Indian restaurants than in our Valley... but if it comes to sticking to the choices we have around, I would rank "The" Dhaba as the most "close to actual" Indian food that you have get...  Jewel of the crown ranks probably the second... but overall, all Indian restaurants around here are good for some particular things on the Menu and worse for others...  Dhaba comes to being better for almost everything on the menu... Chicken tikka masala (butter chicken) related dishes are very good, all lamb dishes are nice and authenticated... vegetarian options are awfully limited compared to what it should be considering its an Indian restaurant... ( common restaurants in India have at least 40 more vegetarian items on their menu, no kidding !)

But overall I am very pleased with the range of quality here at The Dhaba.. garlic Naan's are way too good to resist... tea (complimentary) is very close to what people in India drink... almost all non-vegetarian dishes and paneer tikka masala or mixed vegetables are tasty... (somebody wrote about salads and I would like to remind that salads are not Indian because other green vegetables are very common in regular diets)...

and yeah... if you like Indian music, they have live music these days on the weekends, I guess... and though I have never been there for the music, I bet that would be cool....
After dining here a couple of more times, I would have to give this restaurant 3.5 stars. The chicken tikka was VERY DISAPPOINTING. It was not served on a sizzling clay plate as it should be. The chicken did not taste grilled.  It was microwaved and served on a plate. The flavor was also lacking. Honestly, this is very amateurish and they simply cannot serve tandoor like this.

Also, the water was not served chilled with ice, it was served tapwater temperature and thus your thirst didn't feel quenched.  The vegetarian sabjis outside of palak panner and malai kofta was average. 

Again, I dined here two more times after this and the quality of the food took a dip.
Went there with a friend for chaat (snack) and chai.  We had the Bombay Bhel Puri and the Amritsri Samosa Chaat.  The samosa dish was perfectly cooked and everything was nice and spicy.
I walked into this place thinking: "Oh man, you know the Americans(white dudes) are going to love this place"  Flat screen tv's, nice tables, friendly service, trendy ambience, waiters who speak good English, white guy playing sitar at the front....this is white guys paradise...unfortunately the food itself was just above average. FYI, Indians from India (my parents) call all white dudes "Americans" as if we are not Americans but I thought would throw some humor your way in case you were already bored reading the typical "The spiciness wasn't there" review

In terms of the menu, I don't think Dhaba knows how it's trying to position itself. Are they a chaat house, a classic Indian restaurant, a fusion Indian restaurant....and that is the problem with this place, it's  a smorgasboard...a jack of all trades yet a master of none.  And that's exactly felt in the cuisine. The samosa chaat was amazing, the other chaat....bleh!  The chicken tikka masa was very good but the certainly not crave-worthy meaning  it lacked the"Hey I'm dying for some great chicken tikka masala, let me order this to go" quality. It's really hit or miss with their dishes as some are completely amateur like their chicken tikka(not the curry but the grilled version) which tasted like chicken cooked on a Forman grill and was then allowed to cool to room temperature and served on a plate...not exactly appetizing. Their daal was really good but their saag was okay.

And to Wendi below, we don't eat salads.  Indian people created salads for you guys. So when you tell me there is a new salad on the menu each day, I envision someone at a Chinese restaurant saying we are offering a different style of pizza today. That's a not a good thing. If the guy is listening to Pink Floyd, that means the dial is moving even further away on the authentic meter. What's next, are they going to start offerring hooka and child's chicken finger and fries plate?
Don't get me wrong, Dhaba is one of the few Indian restaurants in Phoenix that I will actually dine at since most are terrible and that's not me being critical. Phoenix is a great place for bad Indian restaurants to thirve since the population is clueless when it comes to Indian food and you could seriously serve up some ground beef with curry and give it a name and they would think it's a legitimate and authentic dish...and this goes for the white dudes living in London who comes on these forums and tells us they know great Indian food when they give places like India Gate 5 stars....but I digress. Okay so if you are not an Indian food snob and want to break out of your routine of eating at Black Angus, this is a good place to start. If you have eaten great Indian food and are not easily mesmerized by a nice atmosphere go down McClintock and take a left on Broadway and try Royal Taj
This has been a staple in my life for the last two years. I have eaten there on busy nights, on slow afternoons and i have ordered taken out. I don't vary from what i order and i am always satisfied.

I will agree with most the reviews below that the services has been very weak in the past. Everything from uninterested waiters that i had to pry recommendations out of, to pushy waiters that try to force stuff on me. (I didn't want the damn chi-tea! I don't care if it came with the meal. It tasted like crap anyway!) While normally i don't care much about how soon they get my water filled, when i am eating curry that tends to be pretty spicy... i need water, NOW!

After that rant about the service, i will say one last little negative thing. I order the meal special, and with out fail every time the desert has changed. I'm not complaining because it is always good, but can we get some consistency here?

BUT,

Sometimes, i needed Dhaba curry! I need to so bad, nothing will satisfy until i have it.
Now with so many good things going for it, I did leave The Dhaba slightly indifferent. You see when I order and eat, I'm pretty much a total top. While I am open to suggestion, I have a good idea of what I want and how I want it. During my visit, not only was I flipped but I didn't have much say in the matter. Please don't get me wrong, our server was friendly however, every time when one of us ordered something, he would tell us that he would order something better for us to enjoy. For me, I was dead set on ordering several wraps and rolls called Sada Bahar, what I ended up with was far from what I originally envisioned. While I did get my way with a few appetizers, I have to say not only was I pleased with his domineering ordering selections, but would eagerly let him order again for me.

Street food called chaat, is to Indian cooking as dim sum is to Chinese. Usually a small plate with around 3 servings varying in preparation, and with enough variety to make a meal out of. Starting with the Amritsri Samosa Chaat ($6); these are a deep fried triangular dumpling filled with a mixture of potatoes, onions and chili, served with a spicy yogurt sauce. Perfectly crunchy and not a drop of oil, just breaking into one of them was a delight as the fragerent steam escaped, it was aromatherapy Indian style.

Ambala Tiki Chaat ($6) was more of a composed small plate. A couple of potato pancakes, layered with garbanzo beans, onions, and garnished with fresh mint & tamarind chutney and yogurt. The flavor components with Indian cooking are generally very complex, this plate was a great example of complexity and harmony. Each bite had varying degrees of spicy and sweet then a slightly sour finish from the chutney.

Complexity doesn't quite work like with the Kolkata Pani Puri ($6). These are round hollows, fried crisp and served with a watery mixture of tamarind, chili and potatoes. The idea is to spoon in some of the mixture into each puri, then pop into your mouth. While the texture was nice, the flavors just never came together and ended up just tasting weird.

This is the part where he took over and assured us what he was ordering was going to be quite good. As the dishes came out we weren't quite sure what was what, so we just dug in. Eventually we got clarity and just continued to share, family style.

Arriving on a sizzling iron skillet covered with peppers and onions, the Chicken Tikka Kabob ($11) was not only a dramatic presentation coming from the kitchen, but the colors were vivid and bright. Large pieces of boneless/skinless chicken breast are rubbed with spices then grilled, resulting in a beautiful yellow color. The chicken was tender and moist yet had a slight smokiness that added another welcome dimension.

Served in a large basket were piles of hot freshly baked naan ($3 per order). The thick and tender bread was a welcome site since I was wanting a wrap to begin with. Plain, garlic and chili each flavor welcomes dipping, wrapping and scooping of sauces and meats.

Loving yogurt, the creamy tang of the Kashmiri Chicken Tikka Masala ($10) was a welcome surprise. This is where the naan really came into play by making good use of the tender pieces of chicken and yogurt sauce. Sopping up as much of the delicious sauce as I could, interactivity is just part of the experience.

With so many different spices and spiciness, the Mango Lassi ($3) was as welcome as the rain. Yogurt and water mixed with sugar and mango was cooling and refreshing. With the addition of a fruit puree on the inside of the glass, made this version different than others Ive tried, though the effect was still the same.

At the end of the meal we were brought out a bowl of rice pudding with a scoop of pistachio ice cream. While the sliced dates and papaya were pretty to look at, none of the flavors made much sense together. Complaining aside, this did arrive complimentary. Who knows, maybe for being a good sports?

We were also brought out another off menu item, it was a thick, flaky and buttery paratha. Similar to a flour tortilla, this particular version was filled with pureed cherry and sprinkled with anise seeds. After only one taste we were hooked. The group of us made short order of the warm tender layers. You might have to ask for this one to be made special. Our server actually told us how soldiers in the hills of Afghanistan, would make these since it didn't take to many ingredients or tools. He stared blankly out the window as he told the story, perhaps of his own personal experience building make shift clay ovens?

Alright, so sometimes letting go can be a hard thing to do. After this experience, its actually kind of nice sitting back and enjoying the surprises the kitchen has in store.
I am by no means an expert on India cuisine. My experience is limited to dozens of buffets and a single non-buffet experience a friend took me to in Manhattan. While that was good, this was awe-inspiring.

The Dhaba is NOT a buffet restaurant. They serve fresh Punjabi food and have an extensive menu. But not at lunch during the week. Their innovative approach is to rotate through the best items on their menu each week. We ate their on a Thursday. We skipped the two vegetarian entrees and went straight for the chicken and lamb. Both were melt-in-your-mouth outstanding. Both were spiced for flavor, not simply heat. I'm a huge fan of hot food, but it wasn't until driving out of the parking lot that I realized how not-hot the food had been. Amazing.

We had the Mur Lasuni Tikka (chicken) and the Kali Marichi Ka Gosht (lamb). Served family style, with fantastic madras lentils (they probably call it something different), yogurt sauce (taziki?) , naan that perfectly complimented the meal instead of overpowering it, and a lovely salad with a mango-and-lots-of-other-good-stuff dressing.

The lovely lady there took the time to explain everything to us and made the experience that much better. And since they rotate the lunch menu every day during the week -- full menu on the weekends and for dinner -- I have good reason to return at least four more times this month!
Ambiance provides the right feel for Indian cuisine, including the copper rimmed tableware that I like.  Several lunch specials that include salad, soup, rice, entree, and naan were priced reasonably.  Service was pleasant.  Food was middle of the road.  Soup size was a little small. Naan was dense, thin, and chewy.  Not bad overall, but could be better.  Owner contacted me regarding my experience and I have good assurance it will be better next time, and I'll certainly return.  Great to see proprietors that truly care.
A disaster. We were told it would be an hour wait. No problem. It was a little over an hour, but still, no problem. It's 8:35 pm. No waiter until 9 pm. Nothing. Nada. Then, we tried to order a bottle of wine. Selection #1: "Oh, we're out of." Selection # 2: "Let me see..." "No, we're out of that one. My husband gamely tries another selection. They come back with "We're out of that as well. Perhaps you might like the merlot?" 

The food arrives, blessedly, quickly. It's mediocre Indian. We've lived in major metropolitan areas and just weren't impressed. The menu, at first glance, IS impressive. But the food was just above average.

One last note. The alley-shaped space is a noise box. Be prepared to yell your thoughts across the table. So much for a nice night out.

**UPDATE** The owner offered us a dinner in response to our disappointment. We responded that, rather than that, that he ensure that no future diners experienced what we experienced. I'll give him another star for trying to remedy the situation :  )
You have to have a picky Indian to recommend and suggest a menu for you to enjoy this place. We had a good offer for a menu that included (Pappad & chutnies, appetizer samosa/pakora, a chicken dish, Malai Kofta (vegetable fritter in a tomato cream sauce), Daal, Naan, Rice, Ras Malai (dessert) and of course Chai.

Everything tasted really good and was more than enough to leave us satisfied! It is a bit small, but cozy, and the owners were around, so we had a really good attention. Unlike other "indian places" this one had much more flavor!! Good thing is around the corner from where I live :)
I probably will not be back here again, and will not suggest anyone try this restaurant. I saw in the 2009 New Times' "best of" review that it mentioned "this stylish place is almost always packed with young Indian families." DUDE. Really? That doesn't indicate that it's good...it just means it's the trendy and hip place to go.

I mean, the decor is much better than most other indian food places i've been. It's fresher and newer. It has windows.

The food is meh. Paneer tikka masala sauce tasted like a creamy Campbell's tomato soup. Malai Kofta was also super creamy. We asked for spicy food, but we did not get spicy food. The mint cilantro chutney on the table was spicier than our entrees.

Two good things - the mango lassi and the naan.
I'm not sure if I was expecting too much and got caught up in all the hype surrounding this place, but I have to say...meh.  I've experienced better.  The taste of the food wasn't anything that left me saying, I MUST return here!  I can't even remember what kind of curry I ordered, but it didn't come with rice, so there was an extra charge.  Bummer.  My friends ordered dhaba thalis, which is kind of a sampler dish, and I'll give credit to The Dhaba for loading the food on there.  Perhaps that's the way to go here.

The service was also not impressive.  It wasn't bad, but it was just...slow?  The girl who was our waitress kept coming back to our table without food to tell us the status of our food and that it was going to be delayed.  I suppose that's a courteous gesture, but at some point, I got to thinking, Just come back when you have food.  

Though I'm giving The Dhaba only 2 stars, I give their mango lassi and their decor 3 stars.  Check it out.  Overall, I found this place decent enough, but I've had better.
The food at The Dhaba deserves about 2 or 2.5 stars based on food alone. It's not bad, but it's also not that great. My husband and I got the 2-item thali plates, so we tasted 4 of their curries in total. Like other reviewers noted, the food is "meh." "The main problem is that that the dishes are extremely bland. I love Indian food to have rich spices, textures, tastes....this seemed watered down.

The decor of The Dhaba is about 4 stars. It's very nicely decorated. The restaurant is small, but well laid out. 

The service is about 4-stars as well. Our waitress was prompt, and courteous. The only difficulty is that she was very soft-spoken (ie., a low-talker).  On several occasions, we asked her to repeat herself. 

Overall, "meh" with nice decor.
For a student like me who is away from home, does not like to cook and has limited money, dhaba is the best place to eat. Their afternoon meals are just perfect for students. Fits the pocket, fills the stomach and the food is amazing. I love their mutton dishes, they are very well prepared and are mouth watering. hmm my mouth is already watering..lol
This is my favorite Indian restaurant in the valley.  Their curries are very flavorful and spicy.  I usually get their Vindaloo, although I've had the Dhaba curry, and a couple others (both lamb and chicken).

The Naan is great, and we've been given a couple desserts on the house that were fun and interesting.  They do a good job of trying to find some stuff for our kids to eat, but we usually just bring something along for them to have with basmati rice.

My wife gets their Chiken Tikka Masala, and she loves it.

We often go here for lunch, which is not a buffet (which we prefer).
I used to live in Central Phoenix and loved Flavors of India.  Since moving to Mesa, I just hadn't seen or found a good replacement until I tried The Dhaba.  

The service was a little slow at times, but the overall atmosphere was friendly and inviting.  The food came out hot and was flavorful, with a hint of spice, and delicious.  Both the plain and garlic naan were crispy on the outside but still soft on the inside, the perfect combination.  There is also a small, but decent, selection of Indian beer.  And though the food came out in what appeared to be somewhat small dishes, we had enough leftovers to take home and make another meal.
I was so pleased with my evening at The Dhaba. Their food was really good, their ambience was so much better than a lot of mom-and-pops and the neighboring shops are just charming. The grocery store next door had so many interesting foods and condiments. One thing that struck me was that no matter which box of prepackaged meals I picked up, the ingredient list was all of real food and spices... No ingredients you couldn't pronounce. What a novel idea...
I'm excited to bring my Indian friend here. She and I have eaten at many Indian places around the valley and I really think she'll love this place.
For dinner, I had the Ambala Tiki Chaat as an appetizer... wonderful! And Tikki Masala. As good as many I've had. And Lahori Malai Kofta which is a vegetarian substitute for meatballs. It consists of dumplings made out of paneer (cottage-cheese), cauliflower florets, carrots and potatoes in a rich and creamy sauce. I'd never had it before, but recommend it highly! I'll be back to The Dhaba again very soon!!
Let me just start by saying that I had stopped going out to eat at North Indian restaurants in the Phoenix area for a while, since I could not find one that satisfied me. Having been born and brought up in India, I always compared them to what the real thing is supposed to taste like and none met my liking.
I tried the Dhaba, a little while ago and was very pleasantly surprised by the taste and quality. The food was quite authentic and I visit there frequently.
I have tried quite a few things on the menu and the chicken and mutton selections are very good. But the winner is (....insert drum roll here....)  the maa ki daal (black daal). It truly reminded me of home.

The Phoenix area has quite a few indian restaurants but none that I would re-visit. Now I have finally found one that has good Punjabi food. BTW, the Chaat cafe next door is pretty good too. When I don't feel like a regular meal and am craving some good "street"  food, this is my choice.
Hope this place stays around, so I can have a place to satisfy my Indian food cravings.
This was another Groupon find of mine, although I had heard about it (in a not so good light) from a friend. However, I do love me some Indian food, so I grabbed my partner and headed over there.

The Groupon was for $40, and at most places, if get get apps, food, dessert and iced tea, we hit that mark. Not here. We each order the fanciest Thali they had (comes with salad, naan, biranyi rice, desser, chai, mini mango lassis, dal and two veggie dishes), but they were only $15 a piece, so we wound up ordering two more starters (the potato pancake Chaat and fried Paneer) in order to hit our price point. And then we took a LOT of food home.

The mango lassis were delicious, as was the salad.  I wasn't such a fan of the chaat - it was a little too spicy and a little too mushy. I loved the fried Paneer, but who doesn't love fried cheese? It was great with the tamarind chutney.

As far as the main meal, I loved everything (though next time, will go with plain basmati rice). I especially enjoyed the paneer tikka masala and the malai kofta, my favorite dish ever. The dal was good -- I've never seen kidney beans in it before, but I liked it. The only thing I didn't absolutely love was the Saag Paneer - the texture was too smooth. However, my partner scarfed it down.

For dessert, I was expecting rice pudding, or the sweet balls. Instead, our awesome server asked if we'd tried carrot fudge. We hadn't, so she brought that out.

I liked it, except for the sultana raisins (I hate raisins). It didn't hit the spot for my partner though, and the chai wasn't as strongly spiced as I like (plus I prefer honey to sugar packets as far as sweetening it).

We'll be back, for sure. I might go with a small thali, but it's a really good deal, and an excellent amount of good food for the value. Glad I found it!
I have been to this place only once which was like 2 years back. One thing that stick'd out for me was the colorful interior with the theme of Indian flag. We were a group of 11 and we had a good time in their just having fun and enjoying the food. They served in copper plates and copper tumblers.
The food was excellent we pretty much ordered the whole vegetarian menu n like a chicken dish.. The taste reminded of food back home. 
They even had a big screen TV playing Indian music videos, some of musics were the once we grew up with. Brought back memories.
Me n my friends still talk about the food in dhaba n the experience we had in there. A memorable time to cherish and maybe go visit this place one day.
I went to this restaurant with my wife and ordered roghan gosh and chicken makhani. the food was delicious. We complimented this meal with Onion and special Naan, which was an excellent choice. No complaints about the food at all.
My wife ordered mango lassi which she thoroughly enjoyed. We have been to other indian restaurants in the southeast valley and we definitely rate as one of our favorites!
Amazing food . Beautiful decor . A bit expensive. Otherwise a 5 star place.
Its not the most authentic food but it was good nevertheless.
I think I heard too much hype...it just wasn't good. Very bland biryani with little or no meat, subpar service, and slow food delivery. I prefer Priya...though the service is not good either...their dishes are delicious.
By far the best Indian food I've had since moving to Arizona.  The Chicken Tikka Masala and Vegetable Korma are my go-to favorites every time.

The only negative about The Dhaba is that it can be somewhat slow in the service department.... it actually adds a bit to the mellow feel of the atmosphere there, but if you're in a rush, it's probably not a good choice.

The food is ALWAYS worth the wait.
Since I haven't eaten a lot of Indian food I opted for the Maharaja Patiala Tandoori Thali which included tandoori chicken, tandoori tikka, lamb curry, lentils, biryani (rice), house salad, raita, chutney, papad, chai and dessert.

The lamb was the highlight of the meal.  The sauce it was in was  delicious.  For me it was the right amount of spice without being too hot.  The naan was also full of flavor either alone or dipped in the remaining lamb sauce or raita.   Unfortunately the chicken was too dry so I didn't eat much of it.  The rest of the included food was good but not exceptional. 

I would go here again but next time I will stick to lamb and naan.
The food is great but its a little pricey for a poor college student like me. The food is really awesome though so I suppose it's worth it. It's also a great place for a nice little romantic date. Out of all the Indian restaurants I've been to in the valley this one has the nicest atmosphere. I especially like to browse the little Indian market next door when I've finished eating.
We went here for the first time because of the Groupon offer.  I cannot believe that in the four years I've worked at nearby ASU that I haven't been here before!  The space and service is warm and inviting.  But it's the food that will have us coming back.  Fresh, delicious, you can tell that they toast and grind their own spices.  My daughter always orders chicken pakora, which I usually find very blah, but at Dhaba it was fabulous--moist, tender white meat fried perfectly in a light crispy batter with just the right amount of spice.  And the paneer pakora was even better.  From the appetizers (try the bhatura chole!) onward, our meal was the best we've had in any Indian restaurant in the SE valley so far.  Oh, and it's a plus that they have white wines by the glass that compliment the food.
This place used to be chaat corner - its recieved some massive plastic surgery. Nice ambiance, not any way like an authentic indian dhaba, but the food inside makes up for it.

The lamb curry was thick, spicy, and rich in potatoes. It made my stomach happy.

Stay away from the goat curry. That curry singlehandedly took away a star. It was flavorful enough, but it was thin and the quality of the meat was questionable.

The thalis won't disappoint - they're reminescent of thalis from north Indian dhabas.  

The desserts are authentic. And they usually bring you out free fresh hot tea.

We went in a big group and our waiter was pretty darn good.
Food was very tasty and portions were great if you were hungry. The menu was extremely long and involved. Accommodated our group of 20 people wonderfully. Restaurant is fairly small. Staff were attentive and polite. I would go again!
The place used to be good, but not any more. They have settled for mediocre taste & customer service like any other Indian restaurant in the valley. Don't expect a miracle, but if you are hungry and want to grab some spice after a Sun Devils game, then not a bad choice. Better than other Indian shops in that area.
The $11 a-curry-a-day lunch combos was paltry and plain bland. Dal was flavorless and the rice was tough. So I effectively paid $11 for a few mouthfuls of chicken curry (which was decent) and two pieces of naan. I'd rather go to a place like little india where they charge half as much without the fancy decor.
The paneer entree dishes though are just fabulous. If two people are going I'd say forget about variety and just order paneer.
After searching for decent Indian food in the Phoenix area I was introduced to The Dhaba a few years ago and it restored my faith that good Indian cuisine could actually be prepared in the valley.

I stick to the vegetarian dishes and have yet to be disappointed.  The staff is always friendly, the restaurant clean and the music fun.  Once in a while there will be videos playing on the flat screen above the bar, but normally just some good music.

I will update this review after eating there this weekend!
I went here last night to use my new living social deal.  The decor is really great down to an awesome place setting, copper cup and copper silverware.  I called ahead and made a resey for a Tuesday night and when we arrived there was a reserved sign on the front table.  Really nice touch - we got the best table in the house.  The food was really good.  We ordered the vegdy appetizer platter, veggy meatball dish (skip this), garlic nan, and butter chicken.  Everything was delicious and not at all spicy.  I think the usual Indian buffets make things really spicy so you eat less, here I couldn't eat anymore b/c I was stuffed.  
I would be remiss if I didn't give a special kudo to the man who brought out our food and filled our drinks.  Best Guy Ever.
We started eating here last year & we were very impressed with the service & the food.  Since then, I feel like the service is somewhat lack luster, refusing to allow coupons to be used on the take out orders and insisting they have a credit card number when you phone something in.  We used to be able to order special requests, but not now.

The flavors of the food are good, but the portion size in relation to the price is small.  The chicken is usually over done & not the best cuts of meat, but because the sauces are so vibrant, it's easy to hide from some.

Rice & Naan are separate, which is disappointing.

The atmosphere is nice & not tacky like many other indian restaurants.
Very good food. Some of the best and most authentic I have ever had. My only complaint is the service. It is always slow and server never is really busy. The place is small and I have never seen more than 4 tables full inside. However, it takes forever to order, get a refill, or get the check. 

Hire a better server and this place might get a 5 star from me. 

(I have been here to eat several times, and the service is bad every time. I keep coming because the food is so delic.
Let me start by saying I think Dhaba is actually a 3.5 star.  The food was good, but not fantastic, the service was good but not superb, the pricing was reasonable, but not a steal.... Overall a pleasant experience, but not likely one I will repeat on my own accord.  In Dhaba's defense, they have a lot of competition when it comes to small Indian food places in the valley, so I can't give it a 4 compared to some of the excellence I've experienced at its competitors. My BF and I both tried the sampler platters, meat and vegetarian.  The salad we started off with was excellent, the dressing was fantastic and they had these crunchy balls on top, almost like a cereal.  The entrees were just okay, my masala was very good, but everything else I could have done without.  Also there was no spice whatsoever in any of the dishes, very disappointing.   The pricing was reasonable; I was surprised some of the reviews mentioned it was expensive.  I think Dhaba is probably a great place to start if you don't typically eat ethnic foods with a lot of flavor or spice.  We both left feeling satisfied, but like the meal was missing something.
a precious, authentic, little wonder. 

went with my family from out of town and was worried my dad would be disappointed with the relatively conservative portion sizes. however- when you treat your taste buds with something so exquisite, you don't want to overwhelm them with massive platters of ambrosia. And -even though when they delivered the small bowls of tear-jerkingly-delectable curry we wondered if we would need to order more--we actually had enough to take home. 

Plus, when filling up the takeout boxes, we found ourselves shamelessly scraping the bottom of each and every quaint little bowl. 

Why only 4 stars? I haven't tried everything and look forward to updating this with another happy stomach and an additional star. Prices may be seen as somewhat steep for the quantity of food. But again I say, quality my friends, quality.
Saturday night, no reservations, place was busy, but they sat us immediatly! 

We frequent several Indian Restarant in the valley and have traveled in India fairly extensivly.  The food was beautiful!  Nicely prepared, absolutely delish.  First rate!

Service was outstanding! 

There is a little grocery store next door and we stocked up on some of our favorite foods while there.  They had some of the Indian pastries that I love but rarely can find.  The owner of the grocery store and the restarant was manning the cash register.  He was extremly kind and helpful.  

Go there, you won't be disappointed!
The Dhaba is a little far from us, but since we were in Tempe we stopped in and were glad we did.  I loved the Saag Paneer -- it had just the right amount of kick and the cheese was spongy and not hard.  The naan was good, as was the rice, and my husband liked his Lamb Vindaloo.  The chai was also very good, and made even better by the free refills. :)   We didn't have any problems with service at all; to the contrary, even though there were only two staff members there, everyone was polite and attentive.  Why just three stars, you ask?  I knocked it two points for the portion size relative to the price.  I'm willing to pay more for quality food, sure, but it'd be nice if there was at least more of it.  The food was very good, but I think other Indian restaurants have comparable quality food for more reasonable prices.  The store next door is a lot of fun to browse, and if you're out to get fed for cheap, try their web site or Restaurant.com before you go -- both usually have coupons.
This place is consistently good!!!  The lamb korma is excellent, creamy with pine nuts you can actually taste and the lamb is not fatty. Tandoori dishes always smell amazing, I keep meaning to try them, but get distracted by the curries because they are so good. The naan is ok, I always get Paratha because I like it better. The service is a little slow, but the food is worth it. Also, they have street treats on the menu that always make me want to drool, but they are never available when we are there :(
A perfect little gem! Food was amazing, service was great and did I mention the food??? We started with the paneer pakore with curried chickpeas and oh my god! So good and not too filling. I ordered the spicy butter chicken and my date ordered the curried chicken. We were both in heaven. 

I can't wait to go back!
a guy at work told me about this place so i decided to phone in an order from my car after work i tmust say it took me 3 times to get somebody on the line, i think they may own the store next door and thats who was answering the phone in a heavy indian accent after my 3rd attempt i finally got a employ/family member im guessing the daughter who spoke clear english i told her ihad not been there before and did not have a menu but between my semi knowledg te of indian food and a few  sugestions from her i got some great dishes spinich dish w/chicken a spicy curry lamb dish and a great vegi dish rice and naan yummmmy
The best word to sum up my experience would be "IMPRESSED". Upon walking in, the decor is beautiful, I love the authentic looking place settings, and the lighting  just gave an all around warm feel to this small space. And even though the restaurant is very small I didn't feel like they had the tables packed in there, so we were all sitting on top of one another or stuck listening to anyone's conversation. Our server was very nice and informative, and was really helpful when selecting the perfect variety of dishes. When our food arrived it was amazingly flavorful and portion size was more than enough for leftovers. Which were just as delicious the next day.
I had chicken biryani here..what they served was not even close..din't look or taste like biryani..it was more like pulao/sambar rice(another rice-based Indian dish)..but they do have very delicious entrees...go for the entrees, no biryani please..
i really liked the food here. i would be kidding myself if i wrote that i remembered what i ordered, but it was vegan. 
the menu is enormous and it took us about 10 minutes to get through it. however, the staff never rushed us. in fact, they offered assistance in deciphering what we might best be suited for. 
and you know what else is great? they actually play indian music in the background...and have an indian hostess! 
for 2 entrees, a mango lassi, an app, a garlic naan....50 bucks. with a coupon...20 bucks. had plenty of leftovers for another meal.

check out the store next door. it has those microwave indian stews that you add rice. these packets are so delicious and quick.
I had bought a restaurant.com gift cert for this place so we decided to try it out friday night. It's a small eatery in an Indian "plaza". Once seated I immediately noticed the pewter-style dish and water cup on the table. Not the norm so it was a nice, unique touch. 

We ordered a vegetarian-style appetizer platter with fried cheese, potato-filled dumplings, and other veggie delights. It was amazing! 

My man ordered the vegetable-dumpling stew and I ordered the kidney beans. We got an order of basmati rice and garlic naan to go with it. With all of this and the crispy thing you get in the beginning (I'm not sure what it's called), we were stuffed and had leftovers for lunch the next day. Our water glasses were repeatedly refilled, which is always a plus for me.  

The menu is huge but broken down into veggie options, chicken, lamb, etc. I've been to other Indian restaurants where the food was equally good, but I enjoy the different touches such as the dinnerware. Not to mention the attentive service.  We'll be back!
I recommend the chicken tikka masala! It has a small quaint atmosphere. This is your basic nice Indian food spot.
great butter chicken
As I am writing this for whatever reason the Punjab Pimp Daler Mehndi is thumping in my head " Tunook, Tunook mmm Da Da Da". I first want to mention the extreme politeness I get whenever I call to place a take out order. They, unlike other Indian cuisine restaurants want my business...yours too; and it shows. The menu is very broad which I love. They have full vegan entrees, although I am not close to being vegan I do love alot of vegetable dishes and DHABA has many. The vegetable "meatballs" are outstanding. I have never had a bad meal hear although some of my favorite go-to foods I can find better eleswhere. So everytime I do eat here I get something new. My go to items by the way are Mushroom Matar, Palak paneer and a protein i.e. Lamb, goat or chicken. The dishes here always are fresh, fragrant, plentiful, bright and overall spiced very nice. I prefer VERY HOT food in temperature and they nail it; I prefer my food extremely hot in spice too which they tend to be mellow on for my taste buds. Please, Sir Chef...Go on and hurt me with the magical indian spices, it's ok. If I order a ten it should be blazing!! With all this said DHABA is unique in it's offerings, clean in presentation and overall a pretty good Indian joint!! I will continue to eat there. If you are an employee of ANY INDIAN restaurant in Arizona here me now. You are from the continent ASIA....take a cue from your counterparts and GIVE RICE WITH DISHES FOR FREE. JUST PLAIN WHITE RICE!! I do get irked that this cuisine charges for this plain starch.
I went here last night with a party of 4.  The place was pretty busy for 7pm on a Wednesday night so luckily I made a reservation and we were seated promptly.

The service was very friendly and helpful but pretty unattentive.  This was probably because there were way to many tables with way too many people and not enough waiters/waitresses/servers.  There were only 3 people  plus the cook(s) doing everything and they were clearly overwhelmed.

The other thing I didn't like was the menu.  It had far too many choices.  There were probably 200+ dishes on the thing.  So we basically gave up and everyone ordered a different kind of dish so we could all share.  We ended up getting a chicken dish, a shrimp dish, a vegetarian dish, and some sort of meat sampler thing.  We also ordered an appetizer sampler thing, some rice and some naan.

Everything was very good and full of unique flavors.  I've never been to India and have only eaten Indian food 3 other times, but I thought the food here was very good.  The only problem with it was the price.  It was ridiculously priced for what you get.  The actual portion size is actually pretty good, but charging $15 for 5 shrimp or 5 pieces of lamb is ridiculous.  It is even more ridiculous because nothing comes with sides.  Everything is a la carte.  My wife got some kind of meat sampler (which came out a full 10 minutes before the rest of our meals) and it was laughable that it was $20. 

Anyway, this place pretty much robs you.  Luckily we had a certificate from Local Dines - http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ - which lessened the blow a bit but I was still pissed.  So, if you must go, get the certificate and you'll be glad you did.
This is the BEST Eastern Indian food I have had since moving from the DC area!
I have eaten at way better Indian restaurants out here. The Malai Koftas were rock hard, and the Biryani was nothing more than Pulav. Someone please tell them the difference. Just not worth it!
Been twice to this place. The food is out of this world. We went yesterday and had the goat (which was the best thing we ate the first time), the chicken with spinach (upon recommendation of the waitress), the garlic naan and pistachio, cashew/almond naan, and the chickpeas. (I'm sorry for not remembering the Indian names of any plates.  Take your pick as to which tasted best.  This is delicious food. If you like Indian, I don't think you can find food better than this. And if you do, let me know where to go get it.
It's average Indian, not bad.  Flavor was OK for the tikka masala and the goat curry.  Naan was very disappointing -- more like pita bread than naan. I would give the food 3-stars.  However, for what you get, it's pricey, so I knocked off one star.  I would not be going back there because I can't justify the price for what I get in return.
I enjoy Indian food, but this place had the worst service.  We had a table of 6 and some people got their food in 15 minutes, some people got their food in an hour.  What a horrible experience.
The owner sent me a message and wanted to see if there was anything he can do.  Glad to hear from him.  Also, this review was from quite some time ago.  I updated with 3 stars because the owner really seems to care about this place.  Thanks.
My first experience at The Dhaba was excellent. The food is rich and flavorful, and the vindaloo packs quite a punch. The staff is friendly and took great care of us. We'll definitely be returning.
I wrote a review for this last week, but just realized that I should have posted it here, rather than under "Indian Plaza."

I have been here three times, and each time I wonder how I have lasted so long without this food. Just last week I had a lunch special (a very good deal) that came with a drink, mango lettuce salad, the best freshly baked naan bread I've ever had, mint yogurt sauce, rice, lentils, and my main entree of vegetarian dumplings in a creamy tomato sauce. Delicious! I was completely full, but I didn't feel gross like some American restaurants leave me feeling. I still had room for some hot chai tea made from scratch. It was perfect just as it was, without any sweetener.

The first time I went our server was nice but not so attentive; this last week the service was excellent. I never had an empty glass, and our food was quick to arrive. The ambience is intimate - a great place to go on a date or catch up with an old friend.

This is a true Tempe treasure!
Love this place, and I'm here on Valentine's Day with the people I love.  Coincidence?  No, you can thank Groupon and the fact that we didn't get a baby sitter, and, did I mention, my wife also loves this place.  What about grandma you ask?  Does she love this place?  Who knows, she's coming anyway.  The menu now indicates such things as gluten free, vegetarian, and vegan for each item.  That's good because I avoid those categories like cooked carrots and water chestnuts.  Orders are served on an arrangement of copper bowls.  The chicken vindaloo is actually a little spicy. Seating is limited, so a reservation is recommended.  I'll see you at The Dhaba.  I just feel cool saying the name. . . to myself as I finish typing this review.
I feel badly about giving this small family-run (I would guess) business only 3 stars considering the service was excellent and the food was cooked to perfection, but I just don't like this non-fat style of Indian cooking which seems to be popular in Phoenix.  Give me the butter and creams they usually cook with and I'm much happier.
That said, this place looks kinda dumpy from the outside, but inside it is pleasantly...well, pleasant.  Clean and cute and homey.
If you are a spicy Indian food fan (which I am not cause I don't like it when my lips burn), this place is for you.  
They did serve a mango rice pudding that was so beautifully presented I almost felt guilty eating it.  Almost...course, that didn't stop me from slurping it down to the bottom of the dish.  Yeah....it was good.
Reasonable prices for sure, great service, good food...it was just not my style is all.
My brother and I decided to get some take out and thought this would be a great place to try. We shared curry chicken, the Lakhnavi Shahi Paneer,  an order of rice and order of garlic naan.

Everything was very fresh and tasty. However, the Lakhnavi Shahi Paneer really stood out. It was probably the best Indian dish I've ever tasted. I'm already itching to go back and try more dishes on the menu!

Also -love that they stay open til 10!
The Dhaba was a real treat!  I went on a weekday evening about 8:30pm and was surprised how busy it was.  First good sign. The two of us were immediately seated and served chilled water in the most interesting copper goblets.  A selction of chutney and papadum came right away as well.  The Hostess was also our server, She took our beverage order while we began a strategy of what to order.  The menu was very extensive and contained many items I had never heard of before. Despite the wide array of choices we stayed pretty basic, choosing a paneer masala, chicken tikka, a savory chick pea dish and of course basmati rice and naan.  
The meal came quickly and was the freshest I think I have ever had.  Every bite was phenomenal.
From the Service to the dishes and everything in between made this experience truly memorable.  I cannot wait to go back!!

The only thing I would change- Now I am being hyper critical, would be the lighting.  It was very bright for an evening meal.  I guess it made me appreciate the appearance of the food easier.
I loved this place!  Cute decor, nice staff & GREAT food!  Will be back for sure.  First time using Dining Local and it was a win.
The food is excellent, but grossly overpriced for what you get if you don't go for one of the weekday lunch specials. Friendly service, interesting decor, plus it's fun to check out the other shops The Dhaba shares its building with.
Best Indian food in the Valley as far as I'm concerned. The service has always been beyond terrific and the food is awesome. I really can't say anything bad about The Dhaba.

(Well, once the rice was overcooked, but it was just once.)

It's also a great place for families...they always treat our daughter like a grandkid when we're there.
Last night was my first time at The Dhaba and I will definitely be back! We had a reservation for 3 at 7:30 on a Wednesday night and were not seated until after 8pm. This is my ONLY complaint about the restaurant after eating there. It was definitely worth the wait.

We ordered Tandoori Chicken, Chicken Korma, Chicken Tikka Masala, Lamb Vindaloo, and rice and naan, of course. The portions look small, and we did not take home any leftovers, but we were full to the point of bursting when we left. We also had a bottle of wine, and I intended to try the Chai Masala but I will have to save it for next time. 

The meal itself was by far the best indian food I have ever had. I tend to gravitate more towards masalas and vindaloos for the most part, and theirs were excellent, but I was absolutely blown away by the Korma. Nutty, creamy, sweet, spicy - perfect! I scraped the bowl and my plate clean with naan, and will go back for this dish alone over and over and over again.

The service was friendly, helpful while ordering, and unobtrusive throughout the rest of the meal, which I like. My water stayed full and that was all I needed. 

Having to wait after making a reservation was initially somewhat off-putting, but this minor annoyance was forgiven the moment we tried the food. Maybe next time we will make a reservation slightly earlier than we want to eat.
I am pretty new to Indian cuisine. I have only had it a few times at parties, or events at work. I have liked most of what I have tried. A few months ago Groupon offered a deal for The Dhaba, and based on a recommendation from a friend I decided to take advantage of the offer. Guess What? I totally forgot  until a day or two before the offer ran out. So, I quickly got a group together and made reservations for Thursday night which was the final night of the offer. 

When we arrived it was apparent that I was not the only doofus that waited until the last night. The restaurant was packed, and people were outside waiting. The hostess was actually turning people without  reservation away. I was so glad that I had made a reservation, because we were seated within 5 minutes of arriving. The downside was that we waited over 20 minutes for a server to come to our table.

My group decided to order three appetizers and three main dishes. 

Appetizers:
* Paneer pakora
* Punjabi murgh (chicken) pakora
* Punjabi vegetable platter featuring veggie and paneer pakora.

THE WINNER: The Punjabi vegetable platter. 
We laughed saying they tasted like Bloomin' Onions only different. The chicken was also very good, but the paneer pakora was a bit bland.

Main Entrees:
 * Dhaba chicken korma 
* Dhaba lamb curry
* Achari lamb. 

THE WINNER: Dhaba Chicken korma. 
It was so creamy and had a rich nutty flavor. I felt bad. I really didn't want to share.  Both of the lamb dishes were good, but I found them to be excessively salty. The Achari Lamb was way to spicy for my taste.

The service was ok given that they were understaffed and extremely busy, but I will let this slide since I waited until the last night to use the Groupon deal. I will tell you. I am a Dhaba fan, and I will definitely go back.
Bought the deal chicken for our trip to AZ from So Cal. The food had plenty of flavor and was delicious. Ordered a chicken, lamb, fish and rice dish and wasn't disappointed. The spice level 3 of 10 had plenty of kick. The service was very good. I would definitely come back to the Dhaba when visiting AZ again.
Updating with an extra star because we went back today with a reservation at 6 and were sat immediately. The food was heaven and the korma was maybe even better than last time!
Dhaba is amazing! The Chicken Tikka is delish! I've gone 3 times with an Indian friend who also says it's some of the best she's had in the Valley. The place is charming and food is great. They offer a lot of deals on different sites (restaurant.com & groupon-like sites, so look for them!) Yum Yum!
This is an update to a 2-star review I gave a looooong time ago. I know I said I wouldn't come back, but I lied. You just have to realize that sometimes mommy lies. I had two complaints last time; one was that the food was not spicy when we asked for spicy, and two was that the entrees we ordered were too creamy. Both of these were completely different when we went this time around. Paneer tikka masala was right on, we ordered it at a heat level of 8 out of 10, and it was just the right amount of heat. The pakoras are great, and the mango lassi still kicks arse. 

I would like to mention that the last time I was there and gave the 2-star review, someone from the restaurant contacted me and invited me to try it again as a guest of the restaurant. I did not take him up on it, but that was true class and excellent service. The servers this afternoon were both attentive and friendly, I take this as a sign that they are truly interested in being a great restaurant. 

A combination of the atmosphere (much more open, clean, and full of natural light than other indian food places) and improvement to the food since the last time I visited makes this place one of my top three indian food places in the valley. WORD.
The Dhaba is definitely one of the best Indian food restaurants in the Valley by far!!!  The other one we like is the Dheli Palace for their lunch buffet.  We usually try a lunch buffet first before deciding whether to invest in dinner cause Indian cuisine is very pricey. Due to all the rave reviews we decided to go for it and have become fans ever since.  We are always surprised when the place is not so busy because the food is excellent.  I think the fact that they do not have a buffet has something to do with this.  For most who are not familiar with the cuisine of India, ordering can be a daunting task which is why buffets really work with Indian food.  I am of Indian decent (1st generation) so I know my way around the dishes and have been able to guide both friends and family through the rich assortment of Indian dishes, but if you don't have a guide it can be a little scary, just saying, a buffet might be the way to go to give business a boost.  We love the Dhaba, give it a shot you will not be disappointed.
The food is great but its a little pricey for a poor college student like me. The food is really awesome though so I suppose it's worth it. It's also a great place for a nice little romantic date. Out of all the Indian restaurants I've been to in the valley this one has the nicest atmosphere. I especially like to browse the little Indian market next door when I've finished eating.
Let me first thank Yelp Deals for brining this into my life. Let me then thank the abundance of Yelp employees I know who brought Yelp Deals into my life and thus brought The Dhaba into my life. "The Dhaba," just like every item on your menu, I have no idea what you mean. I can only assume it translates into "super delicious," "super freaken delicious," "slice of god," or purely "pure exctacy." 

I don't eat Indian food that often, I'm not sure why, but maybe its because I'm a moron. After dining at The Dhaba, I not only want to make Indian food a part of my life, I think I now want to marry an Indian woman, who will cook Indian food for me for the rest of my days on this plante. I will take care of everything else in our lives as long as you make me the standard seven meals a day.

I can't think of anything bad to say about this place. Top of the line food, great service, great decor, and did I mention how much I like the food. I guess the one downfall is that it is in Tempe, which means you have a greater chance of running into ASU types. Besides the repulsion of dining with ASU things, this is a tasty restaurant that I recommend to anyone who is not stunted with the stupid genes.
Before today I had only one experience with Indian food.  It came in the form of an eating challenge in New York City.  It was fun but not very tasty and left me with a flaming mouth and weak bowels.

A friend wanted to try and Indian place in her neck of the woods.  I checked Yelp and saw that the reviews for this place were bad so I mentioned The Dhaba.  The reviews were good, I always wanted to try it and it's right across the street from my place.  

Very happy we dropped by.  The restaurant was on the small side but had enough tables to accommodate anyone that dropped by.  The decor was nice and I especially liked the metal water glasses.  Very cool.

I ordered garlic naan and a lamb curry dish.  The naan was fantastic and the lamb was great.  The naan provided a great way to scoop up the excess curry.  For my beverage I selected a tasty Indian beer.

My friend ordered a veggie sandwich stuffed with potatoes that she really enjoyed.  She also ordered little bits of chicken tenders.  These were fantastic.  The breading was good and the chicken had a little kick.

If you check in you will get a free desert.  However I was not offered a choice.  It was mandatory rice pudding.  It's not what I wanted but since it was free I made no complaint.  I could take or leave the rice pudding.

Service was prompt and attentive.  

Be prepared to spend some money.  The Dhaba isn't cheap.  Our bill came in just under $50.  It's not the type of place I can afford to eat at on a regular basis but it's fantastic for a special occasion.

If you're a fan of Indian food or looking for something new, I don't think The Dhaba will disappoint.
Love this place.  Vegetarian offerings are fantastic and plentiful.  The restaurant is honestly a tad small but this has never been too much of a problem in the few times that I've visited.
Best Lamb Chops ever. 
Briyani was awful (curry mixed with rice and was very spicy) but why care about Briyani when other dishes are very nice.
I think maybe the BF and I are cursed.... I believe that this restaurant is awesome, but we just came at the wrong day and time. We went here tonight with a deal chicken deal that was like 44$ for 92$ worth of food that included: four beers/glasses of wine, two apps, two mains, two sides, two desserts, and two chai teas. Well... the place was overrun by a table of about 20... so the service was slow and they ran out of chai, only having enough to give us like half of one glass. Also, they only brought us each one drink.... so I felt like that was kind of lame, especially considering we had to pay tax and 18% tip on '92$' worth of food, when we really got maybe 65$ worth of food.... pretty lame. 

Other than that, the place was good. We got the fried paneer, which I actually wasn't a huge fan of... kind of bland, but then I've never had paneer, so that may just be what it tastes like. The app with the fluffy bread and chickpea curry was really good. The bread was almost like a savory donut or something.... yum. For mains we got chicken tikka masala and  lamb korma. I usually love the CTM, but I think the pieces of chicken were too big, which made them kind of dry and not as flavorful as it could be. The lamb korma, however, was wonderful! The meat was super tender and the curry was great. They also had good basmati rice and garlic naan. For dessert I got their 'ice cream' which is more ice -y than creamy... almost like frozen rice or something... but it was very good. The BF got the rice pudding and enjoyed it. We also enjoyed the chai (what we got of it anyway....). So I would probably return and eat way less food.... but maybe I'll be more picky when it comes to using deals at this place, as it didn't really turn out to be a deal at all.
The Dhaba is the Indian restaurant that I frequent almost monthly. Yes, I order the same two dishes all the time because they're very good. Chicken Tikka Masala and Butter chicken. (They're soo good!) Unfortunately, here they pretty much taste the same. It's not the best Indian food I've ever eaten, but it sure is one of the better Indian restaurants in the Valley. I've also tried the Spinach chicken/Saag. Was pretty disappointed (came out very bland and no spice at all). Maybe it was an off night for this. Consistency is very important to me in a restaurant and usually this place delivers. 4 stars for creating tasty food and great Naan overall, but lacking that extra deliciousness for a perfect score.  

Service is good. You will have multiple servers throughout your dining experience. This is often a good thing! The downside: there's usually a long wait on the weekends. Very long wait! If you're on the fence about trying it, I'd say just go for it! You'll most likely enjoy it! At least I keep coming back for more...
Wow!  My wife and I have been going all around Scottsdale & Tempe sampling different Indian food, and The Dhaba is our new favorite!  The onion pakora were seasoned and spiced perfectly. Lamb kofta was great, the meat was super tender.  We ordered "medium" spice level, but it seemed pretty mild to us.  Spice level is all relative of course, just sayin'.

It's a pretty small place, we didn't have reservations (Saturday night at 8pm-ish) and waited about 20 minutes.  Not bad at all, but it was just 2 of   us, so if you have larger party be sure and call ahead.  Food service was quick.
I enjoyed my trip to The Dhaba.  I have never eaten Indian food before so my wife wanted me to try it, because she loves it so much.  We ordered a veggie platter, which was amazing.  The fried onion treats were exceptional.  The chicken tikka masala was also very good.  

Unfortunately the lamb boti kabab was very disappointing.  It was so dry and tasteless, no joke it was like boot leather.  I even asked the waitress if it was supposed to be that dry and she said, "everything here is well done," but quite honestly that was a disgrace.  Lamb should be moist and delicious this was like steak that you get at Denny's at 2:30am.

As a side note there gulab jamun was breath taking.  I'm not a desert guy but I would suggest this to anyone try.

The Dhaba is on http://www.restaurant.com/ so you can get a great discount and I would give the green light to try it just don't order the lamb.
This place was tried on a whim which had to do with all the rave reviews. While I enjoyed the food, it is far from the best Indian cuisine I've had in the valley.
 My husband had never really had Indian, so I was excited to expose him to my favorite dishes. The veggie platter was delicious, as was the chicken tikka masala. My only complaint was the lack of chicken in the dish. 
 We ordered the lamb boti kabab and I was disappointed. The juicy tender lamb I was expecting ended up being dry and leathery. The waitress offered no apology except to tell us that "everything is cooked well done". This was beyond well done. 
 The highlight of the evening was their gulab jamun! So light and delicate and perfectly cooked! 
 Would I go back? Perhaps. But I think I'll keep hunting for better Indian restaurants in the east valley.
The food is really great. A couple of us went in there a week or so ago to try it out. Neither of us are too familiar with Indian food and we were a little concerned, but it was amazing. Everything we had was delicious. The restaurant was very clean and the service was excellent. We weren't a fan of the desserts, but everything else was very good. The portions are large, so we had plenty to take home. We will definitely be back soon to try some other items.
I'm quite impressed with The Dhaba.  It's a little small restaurant surrounded in what is called the India Plaza in Tempe.  Truthfully, I can't pronounced what we ordered, but it was damn good.  My friend ordered some Marsala that was pretty awesome -- which I can at least say Marsala haha!  Overall the food was a excellent!

Service was okay and quick, however the CC issue kinda got to me when they couldn't charge 2 -- Yes 2 different CC correctly.

Ambience was probably my favorite.  The decors where pretty authentic I gathered and felt like I was transformed to a time -- where all storys start with "Long Ago".  Metal plates and water cups, what shall we sacrifice next har har!
The food is way too spicy and the numbering system for spiciness levels is definitely off. We ordered a 4 and a 5 spiciness level. The difference between the two were more like a 7 and a 10. Even for a spice loving Indian, this Indian food place was way off.  

The naan is superb. Don't bother ordering the tandoori roti. Quite a disappointment. Also the shrimp were spectacular(too spicy) but still very good. 

Keep in mind that you might need reservations if you go on weekends or holidays. Just call ahead. The ambiance inside is quite nice and a job well done.
i chose this place and took 3 other people with me, and WOW was i embarassed about picking this place. none of us were happy, in fact we were all pretty unhappy. the business owner/manager wasn't the best with customer service nor communication. the appetizer was okay but then all of the entrees were .... well, gross. we hardly touched our food. the owner seemed irked when she saw our plates full and made things very uncomfortable. if you want delicious indian in a pleasant environment, this is NOT it.  :(
I have eaten Indian food at several restaurants and I truly believe this is the best I've had. It is very flavorful, authentice cuisine. Everytime I have had Indian food somewhere else after eating here, I have been disappointmed. Although it takes a while to place an order and receive your food, it is clearly family owned and operated so I don't even mind.
The Dhaba is my favorite Indian restaurant in the Valley. The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because the service can be a bit slow at times.

I love the decor and the ambiance. It's a small restaurant but it's beautifully decorated. It's much nicer in the inside than it looks on the outside.

I read quite a few people complain about the prices. I've always thought their prices were a tad bit high, until this last visit, when I noticed on the dinner menu 3 "full meal experience" choices. I got the vegetarian version for $12. It came with a salad (delicious!), a generous helping of naan (their naan is incredible!), daal (lentil stew), rice, yogurt, and the main course, which was a garbanzo bean dish. The final course was rice pudding and chai tea. I was full and happy for $12! My boyfriend got the lamb and chicken option, which was $17, but still a good deal for the amount of food he got. We both thoroughly enjoyed the "full meal experience" and would order them again. 

They also have a new rewards card for repeat customers, which is great.
We (Husband and I) love The Dhaba. Our first two visits were pretty different from each other, so we waited until our third visit to formulate a solid opinion on the place. It's a very thorough four stars for us!

The food is five-star good. It's that simple.

We love the crisp, cumin-laced poppadums (spelled many ways once translated to English: pappadams, papadums, etc.) they serve while you wait for your order and the choice of three sauces. Husband dips with the chili sauce; I mix the sweet tamarind sauce and the chili sauce.

Their chicken tikka masala contains very tender chicken, and consistently has a nice spice blend, level of cilantro, and velvety texture. We find it sometimes has a little less chicken in it than the chicken makhani (makhani murgh), and Husband isn't a sauce guy, but he orders it every time anyway.

The murgh makhani (often translated as butter chicken) is tied for the best I've ever had. The sauce is a rich, as the name would suggest, blend of butter, pureed tomato, and cream, and it is studded with plump golden sultanas (NOT RAISINS, GUYS--these are not hard, chewy blobs) and cashews. The chicken has its trademark bright red skin and is so, so, so tender. Seriously. So tender.

Their mango lassis are the best I've ever had, and I've had Indian all over the place--NYC, London... they are thick, fruity, and perfectly sweet, which means not overly sweet, not under-sweetened.

The garlic naan is superb; we always order two. They use real minced garlic and it is always a nice balance of crisp and tender. No gummy naan at The Dhaba.

Great gulab jamun, but like most Indian places, they cost quite a bit.

The service is where I quibble--the staff are super nice, and super personable. The kitchen just seems to be slow. Our first visit, we waited a longish time, but not so much that we noticed anything out of the ordinary. On our second visit, we waited a full fifty minutes from the time we ordered to the time we received any food--naan included. It all came out together fifty minutes after we ordered it. Eek. There were only a few other patrons in the restaurant at the time, too. The food was still blow-our-minds good, so we decided to give them one more chance, and we're glad we did, because the wait was very reasonable our third time, and the staff especially attentive. (AND they brought the naan out for us to graze on while we waited--perfect.)

In short--eat at The Dhaba. The food is outstanding, the wait time is tolerable, and the staff are kind.
We absolutely loved The Dhaba.  From the moment we walked in, we knew we were in for a treat.  It's a quaint little restaurant in the Indian Plaza, and the place settings were what really caught my attention.  Now here's a little breakdown of my rating:

- Service.  Extremely friendly, family oriented and always knew when to come to the table.  Drinks were refilled accordingly, and the owner is so darn nice.  She gave great suggestions and even brought out a surprise dessert for my fiance's birthday.  

- Food.  We ordered:

Udta Panchi - chicken wings marinated in Dhaba spices and baked in a clay oven.  Absolutely delicious and extremely moist!  

Garlic and Khasta Keema Naan (minced lamb stuffed naan).  The textures were wonderful.  Lightly crispy on the outside and delectably soft and chewy on the inside.  The chutneys were delicious as well.

Chicken Tikka Masala - of course a signature dish of most Indian restaurants.  It was flavorful and had great body.  Smothered this on rice and scooped it up with the naans, and you've got yourself one killer meal!

Sikandri Jhinga Saag (shrimp and spinach with herbs and spices - almost like an Indian creamed spinach - just no cream) - light and flavorful and accompanied the other dishes quite well.  Great with the naan and a little bit of chutney.

The only reason I wouldn't rate this restaurant 5 stars is because I would actually like to experience the consistency of their service and food quality.  There are many fantastic Indian restaurants I've been to, and although I loved Dhaba - it still comes in a close second to another Indian restaurant that I enjoy going to out here in Vegas.  

But I'll tell you what - Dhaba was unforgettable. My fiance and I still talk about our meal, so maybe they do deserve that extra star.  ;)
Dhaba is considered an authentic Punjabi cuisine.  I have been to many North Indian cuisine restaurants, and I have an idea of what most of the dishes are.  Unfortunately with the Dhaba, you would have some of the similar lingo, but the name would be so long with other adjectives or Punjabi words that confused the heck out of me.  We finally figured out what we wanted, and ordered from our cute waitress.  We got the chana masala, palak paneer, and mutter paneer. For breads we got garlic naan and something else with a sweet taste.

The food was average at best, and the portion sizes were extremely small.  I had a Groupon for $30 for $60, and I can see the Groupon covering up the lack of quantity.  

The ambiance is this place is pretty well light and glowing for a nice date who wants to try ethnic cuisines.  It is a decent place, but I would not come here if you really hungry.
pretty scrumptious.

we had so much food it was nuts. my friend had a restaurants.com coupon so we went to town. 

we ordered the takki nakki (jk i dont remember the name) it was potato pancake with onions and other amazing things. it was so insanely good...you must get it. it's one of the most recommended things in the yelp reviews and it's a starter so look for it. 

then we ordered the chicken fritters. they were basically like indian style chicken nuggets. curry and mango served with a garbanzo bean dipping sauce. pretty good.

then we ordered the full experience meal. it came with chicken tandoori, indian style fried rice (amazing), chicken or lamb curry, a salad, a dessert (we got one of both and the rice pudding was the way to go) and chai tea.

i loved the little crispy thing they served before our meals with sauces. so amazing. 

we also ordered garlic naan which was amazing. 

the service was weird. there's a girl who fills up your water but she doesn't answer any questions. you have to wait for the hostess/waitress. she was super sweet but it was slow. 

once you order, the food comes quickly and there is just so much food. if you like bland food, don't come here you boring white person! jk. kinda. be advernturous
Excellent atmosphere and wonderful service! The food is the best Indian/Pakastani food I have ever had. This was my second time going and I plan to return again. Also be sire to check out their store next door. Awesome place!
Overrated place. Great for Americans. It of you want real quality Indian food there is better to be had in Tempe. Nice atmosphere here but it's definitely in a bad neighborhood.

The bottom line was this place could be a bit closer to 4 stars if it were not for the super tiny portion size. They are really trying to keep people on a diet in this place. 

It's no Kebab or India Gate in the quality dept IMO.
Classy food, very good ambience & great deals always!! :) I've known Dhaba since its inception & the quality of food has always been impeccable. Veg Korma, Malai Kofta & the sampler platter are some of the favorites. One of the best restaurants in Tempe & a must visit for very good Indian food.
We had a coupon for this restaurant from restaurant.com... excellent choice for New Year's Day lunch.  Interesting assortment of menu items, good service (mostly)... some observations
1.  There are some appetizer menu items that are purported to be "Indian Street treats".  We have come across these before... excellent!  We tried the papdi chaat, which proved superior to others we've had.  (If this is what people eat on the streets of India, perhaps it's time to visit...)
2.  They offer thali platters, which doesn't seem common in Phoenix.  Wonderful to have a variety of tastes to try.  "Medium" spice was not very hot.
3. Two different servers were taking care of our table.  They kept repeating each other's actions.  We asked for a box, one went to get a box... the other comes up and cheerfully asks, "Would you like a box?"  Same with dessert and the check.
4.  The unisex bathroom is designed such that if you are sitting (hovering) on the toilet, you are face-to-face with a urinal.

We will go back.  Especially if another restaurant.com coupon appears.
nice place , had somosa, naan, veggie korma, saag and vindaloo.. food i would give. ( on a scale of 1-10 a 6.5...) food was good but off a bit on the flavor. one of the better places I've been to in AZ for indian tho...i would come again...
At 1pm on a Wednesday we were the only customers.  Service was friendly, but slow. The 2 servers/manager were too busy chatting on the phone in the back or eating their own lunch.  Another group departing as we came in seemed to be waiting at the front counter for about 10 minutes for the girl in the office to finish her phone call and close their tab.  

Food was good, reasonably priced for a lunch combo with more than enough food.  3 of us ordered the lunch special (2 vegetarian, 1 chicken) which were all good, although the heat level was off.  The 2 vegetarians asked for heat level 3 (offered range of 1-10) while the chicken was requested as a 9.  Both came out around a 5. Why bother asking if you're not going to follow through.  Portions were good but oddly served.  Lunch combo includes salad, chutneys, rice, naan, entree, side, and desert.  
For our group of 3 we were served 2 bowls of rice and 2 pieces of naan. We didn't run out, so it was ok, but seemed odd when everything else was served in individual dishes.  We had to ask for the salad and chutneys which were forgotten.  Masala Chai tea (which to me is the barometer of quality for any restaurant) was just ok. Too much fennel/anise flavor, and too thick/heavy being made with a lot of whole milk.  

I checked in on yelp (which is how I found the place, after my first choice and favorite Udupi turned out to be closed/out of business!).  Yelp specified it was open for lunch, and offered a $15 for $25 coupon, which I purchased.  It wasn't until the end of the meal and attempting to pay that I was rudely told the promo wasn't valid with the lunch special.  I told her that wasn't mentioned in the terms, she made some excuse and wandered off.   I decided I'd just take it up with Yelp later, and put my card in the folio.  Unfortunately she disappeared and after about 10 minutes of waiting I tracked her down in the office behind the hostess stand, knocking on the door and interrupting her personal phone call.  At that point I was getting upset. with the service and called her out on the yelp promo, insisting that the only restrictions are that it's not valid for takeout or on Fridays/Saturdays. She disagreed but finally said she'd honor it and wrote down the promo code and adjusted my bill.

Overall the food was good but service was unacceptable. Portions and prices if ordering the lunch combo were reasonable but ala-carte and dinner menu pricing were excessive and the portions are probably the same judging by other reviews.  I would not return given the variety of other Indian options in the area.
Wow -- this place is great...but small....   Be prepared to wait for a table -- especially on the weekends -- but the wait is worth it.     Service can be sporadic -- sometimes great, sometimes inattentive.........

But I can overlook the quirkiness of this place as soon as the excellent food arrives.   Have tried many, many land and chicken dishes -- each perfectly and uniquely spiced -- with high quality ingredients.  The rice is always perfect, and the bread selection (Garlic Naan and Onion Kulcha are favorites) are always fresh, slightly crisp, and delicious
This little restaurant may serve up the best Indian fare I have ever eaten.  It is indeed a rather small and unpretentious place in the center of Indian Plaza.  There might be ten tables at most and reservations are a must.  They actually had to turn away people while we were eating.  The menu is enormous, the foods well described and the choices unique--even for Punjabi cuisine.  The chili stuffed Naan was delicious and different.  The chicken vindaloo was rich and fragrant, if a little on the tepid side of the heat scale for me-- but then again just about all food is unless I order it spicy.  The okra was the best I have ever had and my wife's chicken tikki was superb.  The food was served quickly and the servers were friendly although a bit distracted.  We drove 45 minutes from Anthem to eat here and we will return.  I highly recommend The Dhaba.
The tikka masala is to die for.  Love the food here.  The staff is also super patient about explaining the menu.  This is far from home but I'll still make the journey.  I hav dreams about the tikka masala.
First up, certainly not the best Indian food in the city. Having said that, not bad either if you are in the vicinity. I'm obviously picky about this cuisine as its native to me but I also know I won't get close to tasty food here. Having said that, it's good if you want to try Indian food. I had the chaat, not authentic but refreshing. Little India in Tempe has better flavor. For the main course had the saag murgh ( spinach chicken) and goat curry. The goat was better. The dessert however was quite good. Got the Kheer ( rice pudding) which was very flavorful. The ambience is nice, the service a little slow but the staff quite friendly but not sure how well they know their stuff. 
You won't be disappointed by your experience but you won't come back blown away either.
Good Indian food.
We went to celebrate a classmate's birthday and had a really good time.  I adored the tableware: it was heavy and had a "medieval" feel.   The lunch special is a really good deal.  I'm not a fan of paneer and that was the day's veggie lunch special, so  I got the veggie wrap instead.  It was excellent!  So were the fries (more fries please!).  The waitresses weren't that personable and although the lunch special includes dessert, they asked my friends if they still wanted it.  Huh? I didn't have a lunch special, so I used my handy dandy Yelp check in offer for a free dessert, so I could get some rice pudding.  I've been eating rice pudding all my life and have had many different versions.  Liquidy rice pudding? No thanks.  Thank God we had a terrific birthday cake.
My girlfriend and I love this place. Not only is the food beyond delicious, I think the portions are fine and the service is second to none. The woman who manages could not be nicer and the gentleman who works the shop next door (and who I suspect is the owner) is always making sure that we had a superb dinner. 

We do enjoy trying different Indian restaurants in town, but we still count The Dhaba as the standard by which all others are to be measured.

I wish these folks the very best. Even good restaurants come and go in this economy and I want The Dhaba to be around for a long, long time.
Nice smaller restaurant. Good service. Awesome vegetable korma.
The Dhaba IS the best Indian restaurant in Phoenix.  Located near ASU, it's in a good location.  You would expect to find a lot of students there given the location but I haven't found that to be the case.  But, I usually go for dinner- maybe it's different at lunchtime?  

The ambience is very relaxed but trendy/upscale compared with most Indian restaurants.  The owner is extremely gracious and the service is excellent.  The food is absolutely delicious!  Really, the best in town.  Their lamb, usually a good test of the chef's skill, is perfect... juicy, flavorful, very tender.  It practically melts in your mouth.  Everything I've eaten here has been excellent and I'm an adventurous diner who tries many different dishes.

The prices are very reasonable and they frequently send coupons if you sign up for their email list.  I strongly recommend making a reservation in the evenings, especially on Friday and Saturday because, otherwise, you may not be able to get a table!
This was our third trip to The Dhaba in three months and it was excellent, as always.  The service was attentive and the food was outstanding.  Their food is the best, and most authentic Punjab, in the Valley.  This visit we had five adults and the entire bill was just $75.00!  Crazy reasonable!  The paneer was excellent, the mango chicken yummy and the lamb was so mouth-watering!  Their garlic naan is great.  We skipped dessert tonight, but last visit had their rice pudding.  Yum!

After we left the restaurant we got a telephone call from them saying that "the gentlemen sitting on the end of the table dropped $15.00 and we needed to come back for our money".   He'd never have known the dfference if they hadn't called us, so we were extremely impressed with this kindness and honesty!!  All-in-all a great experience once again.
I love this place and plan to go back as soon as possible. I don't have anything negative to say about our dining experience. Sure, the outside of the restaurant looks a little cheesy, but the restaurant itself is darling. They make incredible lamb somosas and a rich and very flavorful lamb korma. The lamb was tender and delicious. I ordered garlic naan and my partner ordered something similar to naan, but there were cooked red onions throughout. I can't remember the name of it, but let me tell you, it was fantastic. I personally don't think the neighborhood is that bad, and i've been in bad neighborhoods. No, I wouldn't go for a midnight stroll around there, but for lunch, it's safe. One of the reviewers said, "Great for Americans"... Well tell that to the Pakistani family who came in and ordered a bunch of food. Our portions were big, we couldn't eat it all. As for the heat, they ask you how hot YOU want it.
Huge menu! If you're new to indian food be prepared to be confused. Waiter was helpful with recommendations. Chicken Tikka Masala was delicious as was the garlic naan. The Vindaloo was spicy! It comes at a 10 spice level. I took one bite and my head decided to go swimming. In my sweat. Good thing is they keep the place extremely chilly and serve water in these metal cups that keep the water ice cold. Service was also great. They kept that ice cold water refilled as I was trying to put the fire out in my mouth.
I have not been to many Indian restaurants but I am very happy I tried The Dhaba!  They have coupons on restaurant.com btw, be sure to log in and buy one, it's a great deal! 

The table was set beautifully with traditional plates and glasses, I really liked that.  It takes a while for the food to come out so be sure to order appetizers and place your meal order at the same time.  The menu can be a bit shocking to take it all in at once, I did my homework and viewed it online before we went so I could figure out what I wanted.  The naan was so delicious, go for the garlic naan.
I have been to The Dhaba three separate times now. The food is good, but certainly not the best Indian deliciousness I have tasted. The wait staff is friendly, the service was good, and the decor and cleanliness were both very good too. However, I think The Dhaba is overpriced compared to the small portion sizes. I really was expecting more for the money than what I got. Also, I am a fan of spicy foods and really hate it when ethnic restaurants mild down their spiciness levels when serving to American eaters (call it a pet peeve of mine). Each time I ordered here they of course asked me how spicy I wanted my meal (1-10 stars) and I told them "10 stars, extra, extra spicy please!" However, what ended up on my plate was maybe about 3 stars... very mild compared to what I like and what I was expecting. That left me very disappointed so after my third attempt, I decided that this would in fact NOT become a regular ethnic eating place for me. The flavors are good, but the heat is missing.
The good: Awesome food. Or at least very good food. My mango chicken had a bit of a bite to it even though I ordered it mild, but the flavor was good. Hubby loved his food. Our rose lassi was good, but small for the price ($4). The appetizers were all delicious although I don't remember any of the names.

The not so good- somewhat sullen service. We had trouble getting the waitress's attention several different times. She balked at splitting the check between two different parties even after we marked which dishes went onto each tab. 
Most irritatingly, they tacked an 18% tip onto each tab even though we only had a party of 5 (4 adults, 1 child). I didn't see anything on the menu about the predetermined tip. Most places that do this only do it for parties over 6, 8 or 10 and it is almost always mentioned on the menu. This was really a major irritation after the mediocre service.
tasty! Pricey! parking sucks! really tasty! but kinda pricey! Location could be better. service is okay. kinda slow.
Excellent service, nice venue, delicious food. Only thumbs down was that each entree we ordered had only a few cubes of meet each. We used a groupon so not sure if that had anything to do with it. But other than that, pretty good food.
Always a winner with me!  Plan on spending more time where than you may at another restaurant, this is a good thing.  I know that someone is making my food not shleping it onto a plate from the microwave.  Get the Lamb Vindaloo...SPICEY
Upon arriving at The Dhaba for a Sunday evening meal, we were greeted very quickly and kindly and told that there would be a 20 minute wait for a table. Having read the reviews of previous patrons, I was slightly frustrated because I knew it would be a wait once we were seated to get our food also. However, after a few minutes, I decided I would be prepared to wait and enjoy a nice, slow evening and meal, and remember to make reservations for future visits.

     Once seated, it did take some time to get the order in, but it was well worth the wait. The Masala Chai tea was spiced to perfection, fragrant, and with some added honey, it was the perfect beverage. I had the vegetarian "meat"balls (I can't recall the Indian name) which were satisfying and savory and did not disappoint. Everything came out piping hot and fresh. I will most definitely be a returning patron.
i love this place a lot. but there are a few things you need to know: 
1. make a reservation, even if it's tuesday at 5:30 and you're already en route. i've had to wait for a table in the room full of empty tables simply because i didn't call ahead.
2. never pay full price. they always have a groupon, living social, restaurant.com or other coupon available somewhere and paying full price is a little steep.
3. get the garlic naan.
each veggie dish i've had i've loved, you can't go wrong. the paneer dishes are rich and delicious and make me fat and happy.
Would give this place a higher rating if the service wasn't so spotty.  The food is great, came here for restaurant week and got a great deal, an appetizer, two curries and dessert with two chai's for $30.00  We went ahead and bought two bottles of wine just for fun too.  I've been in here before and there is a very sweet server who makes recommendations and brings out the food.  The weird part was that this time, we barely saw her and instead were basically ignored by all wait staff (two other folks).  We had to ask for the restaurant week menu (which they had hidden), they then proceeded to forget to bring out the chais and hustled us out of there until we reminded them that it was supposed to come with dessert.  Service snafu's aside, the food is really good and hard to argue with.   All the great standards are here and if they pick up a bit on the service (it got to the point that we had all the plates stacked up to make a visual cue, but they still left the plates there as we ate dessert) the restaurant would be a regular outing for me.
Great!
I tried this because I had a gift certificate.  I ordered the Gosht Rogan Josh with  lamb and a chicken with rice, raisins and nuts dish. Gosht Rogan Josh was spicy.  I only ordered this because I made this dish using a mix from a box bought at Lee Lees but I think the boxed version was much better.   I loved the garlic naan, though.  One couldn't go wrong with this. The chicken dish was aromatic and filling. It was a large portion.  I'd go back to try other dishes, though. Parking is tight.
We did not make the trek to the east side with The Dhaba on our minds... But as we drove past it to our intended destination, I said "look honey, that's Dhaba, it gets great reviews and has been written up in Phoenix Magazine."  The Main Man replied, "its Indian, right? We like Indian, that naan bread, mmmmmm."

So we did what we went east to do and decided we had to give The Dhaba a go.  There was NO wait even though we had no reservation.  The hostess/waitress/manager was an absolutely gorgeous young woman who was very much into our learning experience and helped us sound out and pronounce our orders, lamb dishes for both of us.

We were given water and tea in a more than timely manner and the slight wait for our hand-made, fresh food was well worth it!  MM got the basmati rice and I opted, reluctantly as I steer clear of most carbs unless they are chocolate cake or cookies, for the brown rice.  Both were FABULOUS with the moist, tender lamb.  Both dishes of lamb were spicy without burning and the flavor was FINALLY noticeable... Most Indian food in the Valley honestly lacks heat, kick, and flavor... These dishes delivered in all three.  What I did not notice until it was time for the 'go' box is that the brown rice has the most elegant, aromatic scent.  I may not actually eat it, but I will go to the fridge a million times just to smell it! 

All in all, we were lucky to grab up a table with no reservation, the food was awesome, the service pleasantly solid.  We are just sad The Dhaba is way across town...
Everything I have ordered here or tasted from a friend's entry has been delicious.   I love Indian food anyway with its "sneaky spice" and delicious warm flavors. 

The naan here is delicious, and one order could feed four to five people. 

I have ordered the Dal Makhani, Punjabi Chole, Dil Bahar Korma, and Sialkoti Rajmeh, and all of these had delicious flavors and spice.  You can determine the level of spice, like most Indian restaurants. 

The entries come with white or brown rice. 

The only complaint I have is that it can take a while even after seated.  Both times I have gone for dine-in, it was fairly crowded, but it was at least 20 minutes before someone even came by to ask for our orders.  However, due to the extensive menu, this wasn't a problem, since there are many delicious items in which to choose, we needed that time!  Water refills are constant and the food comes out quite quick after ordered. 

I'm also excited to know they are open till 10pm.
The Lakhvavi Shahi Paneer is delicious as well as the garlic naan. I love this place.
Amazing food!
Good food! We ordered Achari Murgh and Dal Makhani.. Very Overpriced !!
I have been to Dhaba a couple of times and I have never been impressed by their food. I am very particular about Indian food because I am Indian. I was forced to visit Dhaba again because everyone in the group wanted to. They have really improved the quality of the food. I definitely recommend their paneer tikka masala and Chilli naan. The naan is not too spicy and perfect for the curries.
My favorite dish was the lamb curry. It was very tasty with good herb and spice flavors, although it was more savory and less spicy than other curries that I'm used to. It came with plentiful, huge chunks of lamb. I would get this dish again and it was large enough for two, especially if you add some naan bread to your meal. We had the plain naan. It was very fresh, crispy, and flavorful. I definitely recommend it.

The other dish we tried was the sizzling meat platter. The sausage was spiced nicely with lots of cumin. The red chicken and kabob chicken was likewise flavored nicely. Again, the dishes came with a lot of quality meat, so you will get lots of great bites without any filler ingredients.

To drink, I had the Indian lemonade, which is not at all like fresh or artificial lemonade made in the U.S. It was a very unique drink based on a blend of spices, juice, and water. It was more of a herbal drink. I liked it.

The food was a bit pricey, but had excellent flavors. Fortunately, the meals were quite large and could be split by two people in order to save money. You can also look for Groupon or similar coupons online, although they may choose not to take them, so I recommend calling ahead or getting a legally binding contact first. The service was a bit slow, because only one person was working both the hostess table and serving. The decor is very nice and clearly designed to with a classy Indian style. This style flows through the whole restaurant, from the walls to the tables to the settings.
I've been here a few times, and I've been delighted each time.  I try different dishes each time I go, so it's hard for me to say that I have a favorite.  Vindaloo of any kind is my favorite at any Indian place, and this place certainly won't disappoint if you like this dish.  I had Kofta last night for the first time, and I absolutely loved it.  I've also tried their Lamb Tikka Masala, which is awesome.  I imagine that everything is good here.
While the food is excellent, service is slow and the kitchen slower.  We have been here many times but won't be back.  Had a 6:30 reservation and didn't get out until 8:30!  After being seated, it took about 15 minutes for someone to take our order.  We waited over half an hour to have the food brought to our table.  Restaurant needs more waitstaff and more people in the kitchen.  VERY SLOW and inefficient.
I got the full meal experience and loved it. I love Indian cuisine, and this is one of the best I've had in the Phoenix area. The service was very good. The restaurant is not much to look at from the outside, but the inside is very high quality. The chairs and tables are dark, solid wood and the dishes are high quality.
My husband and I decided to celebrate my birthday a little early. We had received a Groupon for the Dhaba as a Christmas gift and decided to use it on 01-01-13. 
  Upon walking into to nearly empty restaurant, we were seated and told our server would be with us. Once she discovered we had the Groupon, she told us they didn't accept them on this day because it was a holiday. We promptly left.
  Once in our car we checked the Groupon and discovered that New Year's Day was not one of the days listed as a day the coupon would not be accepted. So what the heck?
  This is our second time at the Dhaba. After receiving shoe-leather lamb and being told it was always cooked that way, we almost didn't want to give it a second chance. After not being able to use a perfectly good coupon on day not listed in the fine print, we will not be returning to the Dhaba. 
  We'll eat at Star of India on Chandler Blvd. instead. The lamb there is cooked to perfection.
Great food. This place is cozy, and had water, flat bread, and 3 sauces ready to go at our table when we sat down.

Staff was just the right amount of attentive. Price was quite reasonable for the amount of food we got.

Favorite Indian place I have gone to in Phoenix.
Super cute/cozy and comfortable. You have to make a reservation to eat here...but I actually appreciated it. When we sat down there was water at the table, chutney and Papadum to nosh on.

I also wasn't overly bombarded with service. Rather, they moved silently, taking plates away when needed and filling my water when low.

Overall the food was very good, and the portion sizes were VERY generous (I hope that doesn't change). They deviated a bit from the classic recipes which I actually didn't mind. 

The owner seems like a sweet little lady; and it's right next door to an Indian Grocer so if you're so inclined to do a little shopping after your, meal you can.  Lastly, tableware is very classic and cute, while the decor itself is modern and clean. 

I will be returning.
This is part of India Plaza.  As you would expect, it is an Indian restaurant.  Punjabi, more specifically.  I had heard good things from Indian folks I know, but it took me a while to come in.

First, don't confuse the cafe next door with The Dhaba.  It's all part of the same plaza, same owner.  But the cafe has a much different menu (much simpler).  

The Dhaba is relatively small.  Perhaps 10 tables.  Reservations are a good idea if you want to be sure to get a table without waiting.  The ambiance is simple, understated.  The plates and utensils are rather unique.  Metal plates (with some sort of different metal rim piece).  I'm assuming these are traditional.

The menu is quite extensive.  I didn't really know what most of the items were.  There is vegetarian as well as non-vegetarian.  But no beef, which was not really a surprise.  The samosas were very good.  They were served with a chick-pea dip (or soup?), that was also really good.  We played it "safe" and went with vindaloo and tikka masala, and both were excellent also.  My wife did have the mango lasse, and she said it was good but not as good as India Oven.  The rest, however, was better.  The naan bread is not included, you have to order it.  It's good, but I think it should be included as it is in most other Indian restaurants.

Now for the bummer:  the price.  The Dhaba is probably 30% more expensive than the next best Indian restaurant we've found (India Oven).  Maybe 40%.  It was all good, but definitely pricey (despite Yelp's scale being "moderate"...at perhaps $20 per person including tip) compared to others in its category.  If you use "Groupon" they sometimes have one for The Dhaba, and it really helps.  The one I've seen you pay $20 for $40 of food.  We went over $40, and the final bill (after Groupon) was about what I would expect to pay at India Oven.  Is it worth it?  With a Groupon, Yes!  Without, well, that's up to you.

It is really good Indian food.
There is an awful lot of awful Indian food in Phoenix.

Maybe I'm just spoiled by having a mother that was granted her powers of cooking by Brahma himself (or was it Vishnu? I have no idea who dispenses that sort of thing), but I daresay I've got a pretty good idea of what stellar Indian cuisine is supposed to taste like. 

That said, I believe that The Dhaba has some of the best Indian food I've tasted outside India (an impressive feat, as the world is made up of 99.995% of countries that don't happen to be India). The food is pretty authentic, and their menu is impressively extensive. The restaurant offers up a varied selection of naan, curries, grilled meat, and dessert, so most people are going to be able to find something on the menu that they'll enjoy (that is, if they enjoy North Indian cuisine to begin with).

The only reason I'm deducting a star here is because I find their service to be somewhat inconsistent. There are days where their service is stellar, and other days where I've found myself waiting for half an hour for a refill on my water. Even so, the service is passable most of the time, so I'm not particularly miffed.

Finally, I'd recommend making a reservation beforehand if you intend on visiting the restaurant at all. Space is something of a premium inside, and the place is usually packed when I've gone. I usually make reservations right here on Yelp, so the process isn't terribly difficult.

Overall, The Dhaba is a restaurant that I've recommended indiscriminately to friends and family alike. Now that I've run out of people to recommend it to, I figured Yelp was probably the logical next step. Bon appetit!
The Dhaba is perfect, I could leave it at that... but I wont. The atmosphere is nice I love their cutlery and plates and tables. My husband and I love their Papdi Chatt appetizer, chicken tikka masala is amazing and another dish with spinach an chicken, sorry,  drawing a blank on the name. Every time we have been there our experience has been wonderful. 

I will add one note, I am hoping this was just a fluke, but the last time we were in the owners were not there and the young Indian girl working there had on club music so loud I could not here my husband speak. At first I thought ok they just opened maybe they'll turn it off. Nope it played loudly the whole time. Also the bus girl and the Indian girl just disappeared we needed water and there was no one around, we waited 15 minutes plus for someone to get us our check, we actually had to stop the girl to ask for the check because she just kept walking by.

With this being said, we still love the Dhaba, and will continue visiting often. However if this ever happens again we might have to consider finding another place to get our Indian food.
Just ate here with my boyfriend and I was very impressed. We did not make reservations but it was a Sunday night and I didn't really take the reservation thing seriously. I would imagine that it might get busy on a Friday or Saturday night and require reservations though, because the place is not huge. Not small either, but very cosy.

We both ordered the "whole meal" thalis. My boyfriend had the maharaja (all meat) and I had the combo with dal, chick peas, and chicken curry. The biryani that came with the food was the best I have ever had. I would go there just to eat the biryani alone. The naan was top notch too. Everything was delicious. I was really surprised for Arizona.

The thalis also come with chai and desert. They were very accomodating when I forgot that chai is brewed with whole milk (I'm lactose intolerant) and they traded mine out for a delicious dark tea.

The service was a little slow, but still great. The restaurant was almost full while we were there but it was never too noisy. The modern Indian music was a nice touch too.
This place has now become my favorite Indian spot.

I have to express, again, that their system of placing a reservation is very needed and essential. Parking is extremely limited in the area (as it's a shopping center as well). I noticed a couple come in without a reservation, and were sort of put off by it.  They do have a little seating area if you forget, and wait time seems to be about 10-15 minutes or so...

That aside, let's talk about the food:

I always leave VERY full here, with leftovers for the next day.
Their Kormas are divine. I will recommend the vegetarian option as it comes with cashews and golden raisins...a little spicy, sweet, and tart, and savory --- basically a perfect meal.
The girls (servers) here are efficient, without being pushy, and attend to each table flawlessly. 

It gets an extra star from me, today, for the decor. Restaurants really underestimate the power of nice surroundings. The Dhaba definitely took this into consideration when selecting the tableware, the lighting options, tables ect.

Oh, and P.S. get the Groupon, or check in on yelp/foursquare to score some amazing deals (I don't know why they keep doing this, because they're giving away food for free...but yeah, ya know, not complaining at the moment).
Weekday dinner. Staff was friendly. Food overall was ok. I've had a lot of indian food. May be for a person who's new to the cuisine may find it better. Lamb curry which came with Maharaj Thali was good. so was the garlic naan. So mey be that's what I should have ordered.
We went for dinner on a Friday night when visiting family in the Phoenix area.  It was crowded but we didn't have to wait for a table.  They have a very extensive menu with a lot of vegetarian and gluten free options.  It took a while to figure out what to get though because there were so many things to read.  Plus, because everything was in Punjabi, we had to read the descriptions of each dish.  Luckily, there were papadams and chutneys to snack on.

All the dishes sounded really good!  We ended up getting the tandoori khazana with a mix of chicken and lamb tandoori that was super tasty.  The lamb and the shrimp were succulent and flavorful, and the chicken really captured the smoky tandoori flavor.  Our second dish was palak paneer and our third was the lamb korma.  The paneer was pretty good, and the spinach quite creamy, and with just the slightest bit of heat.  The lamb korma was awesome.  The curry is similar to tikka masala but way better with cashews and raisins; the lamb was first rate in flavor and tenderness of the meat.  We also ordered dessert: pistachio ice cream made on site.  It was icy and delicious and melted in your mouth with an amazing creaminess.  The pistachio flavor really shined in the dessert.  We left stuffed!  What a great meal!

The ambiance was very nice, with beautiful colors and a warm feeling.  The lighting was not too bright, but not so dark that you couldn't see the food on your plate.  The servers were chatty and pleasant. But the cart they wheeled dishes out on seemed really out of place.

Overall, I'd come here again if I were in the area.  A great experience and a delicious dinner.
I love the look of the place, the food was tasty but way to spicy for me. I ordered very little spice and it was so spicy that I could barely eat any of it. Gonna try it again in the future and ask for no spice and see what happens. The chicken was nice and juicy instead of dried out like a lot of places tend to be. Oh and it was a little too warm inside, but that coulda just been the day we went.
Mmmmmmmm....If you are looking for a tantalizing taste explosion, go dine in this quaint, Zen-like, ethnic hidden gem. *Absolutely Delicious* (super extensive menu, great vegetarian options) go hungry & share a few platters. Soooooo Bomb(definitely in a food coma now) Yum*
Went here for dinner after a long conference day and was super impressed. I love their plates and drinking glasses made of pewter. They are gorgeous! 

However, what impressed me most was their food, obviously. The korma sauce is the best I have had hands down. Take that other Indian restaurants!  It has a delicious nutty flavor and very rich. I had the lamb korma and left the Dhaba a very happy camper.

A Yelp check-in gets you free dessert. Score!
If you're frantically looking for a restaurant for an anniversary or a hot date, then this is the perfect place to take your significant other. The Dhaba is a classy, affordable, and romantic venue. This is definitely one of the top Indian restaurants in Tempe and is about as good as it gets anywhere. 

The service is fantastic, when we arrived the host greeted us and seated us at a table while setting down a few roses. I felt extremely welcomed by the restaurant host anywhere, and from the get-go I knew that this was going to be a great experience.

As for the food, it was delicious. I had the chicken tika masala (I tend to order the plainest items at ethnic restaurants) and it was cooked to perfection. The waitress was very attentive and made sure that we were completely satisfied with our order. 

Just make sure to make reservations, as this place is quick to fill up at dinner.
Aaaah, real Indian and Pakistani food!  I'm a snoot, I'll admit- after leaving Chicago and Devon Avenue, I've always been disappointed by what passes for "Indian" out west... but the Dhaba blew me away. 

I took some visit family here for dinner last weekend after reading positive reviews on Yelp, and was sooo not disappointed.  First- and I love this, because I'm lazy- you can make your reservation on Yelp.  Literally three clicks and I had a reservation for four at seven.  Sure enough, our table was ready and waiting for us- and I watched several other parties of various sizes show up and wait at least fifteen minutes to be seated, so I was feeling smug before our lhassi was even on the table.  

Service is a little patchy (we had to request water twice, and flag down a waitress for our check) but the food is so dang good I don't even care.  Order whatever you want off the amazing, huge menu- it will be good.  I promise.  My relatives had never had Indian before (I know, I don't get it either) so I steered them toward the traditional favorite chicken tikka masala.  We requested it mild and I think our server translated that, correctly, to "for old white people."  The relatives loved it, and I looooved my kafta, and the fact that when you say, "I want it spicy!"  the kitchen makes it spicy!    

The portions are very generous, which means lots of amazing leftovers to sit in your fridge and get even more spicy depth and flavor over the next day or two.  And the rice pudding- deeelish!  The only thing that I wouldn't rave about was the Masala chai tea, and that's just because I like my chai blend with a little more punch, and this had quite a bit of milk in it.  

The ambiance is lovely and perfect for a romantic evening, a place to take your folks when they're visiting and you want to prove you're All Grown Up, or an upscale but not crazy-expensive girls' night out.
We came with a large group and service was sloooow. The highlight for me was definitely the vegetarian appetizer plate - an assortment of flavorful fried bites that were worth coming back for! 
Dinner course was just okay - It seemed like almost everyone at the table felt that their dishes were mostly sauce with very little "stuff" in them. Kind of made us feel like we weren't getting much for our money. Also, "medium" spicy was not spicy at all. 
Very nice atmosphere and decor.
After purchasing a Living Social voucher for The Dhaba, we decided to try it out on a Tuesday evening. To preface, the food was fantastic. I was very impressed. I highly recommend trying one of their entrees prepared in their tandoor oven. The naan bread, both plain and chili infused, was delicious. 

However, their service was below average. Granted, they did have a large party dining with them. But there seemed to be only one waitress for the entire dining room. It took about 15 minutes for her to even glance our way and then greet us. Once greeted, she asked if we were ready to order, which of course we were not as we had many questions about the menu. I was given the wrong glass of wine and had to wait even longer for my beverage. 

Again, the food was great. And I certainly plan on trying it out again, especially as it's so conveniently located. My recommendation to The Dhaba is to provide the appropriate amount of staff needed to run a successful business, especially when doing a promotional deal for guests, thus increasing traffic.
we shared the samosas and chicken tikki massala. very good food, and good service. We received the rice pudding for our complimentary dessert/yelp check in. That was good as well. We would definitely recommend this if you are looking for Indian.
I come here a lot. The food is excellent! If your a fan of Indian food this is a must try in my opinion. I am working my way through the menu but the Chicken Tikka Masala will always be my favorite and dont forget a Garlic Naan its delicious!

The only thing keeping me from giving 5 stars is the spotty service. Depending on the night there may only be one waitress in the dining room and this place is usually busy so make sure you make a reservation!
Food is excellent, but I would strongly suggest you make a reservation. On our first attempt we were turned away at 830pm without a reservation.  We were in the area and it was early so we stopped in on Sat. evening as we passed by at ~630pm. Several open tables but all were marked reserved. They reluctantly took us and 2 other tables that arrived shortly after us. We waited about 10-15min.  to be served. It was only annoying because those other 2 tables had their orders taken before we had drink order taken. Once we ordered food was out promptly, under 15 min.

We loved the complimentary cracker/bread with sauces to start. Dhaba Chicken Korma & Tandori Tikke chicken were fantastic and worth the wait. Portions aren't huge but we still had leftovers. 

We'll be making a reservation and returning soon!
Amazing Indian food. I am originally from the UK, where you can get amazing Indian in virtually every city, town and village! 
Here in the US, not so much. Its hard to find Indian food that isnt overpriced. 

The Dhaba seem to have it all covered, great food, good service and fairly priced. We managed to get a Groupon to save a little more too. 

The naan bread was a highlight, very light and not doughy at all. We both had chicken dishes that were outstanding. 

Great job all round, thanks Dhaba.
I saw a group-on and decided to give it a try since I love Indian food.  One of the owners (I believe) was waiting on my table and she was verrrry nice and made the experience that much better.  The food was the best I have had lately...and like everyone says, you have to try the Garlic Naan.  I couldn't believe their $3 "domestic" beers included local breweries (I got hop shock).  I did make a reservation and our table was ready for us even though we arrived 10 minutes early.  I will definitely be back for more!
This food is so good, everything orderd has been delicious..Every chicken dish is Great. I cant stop coming back , I'm always craving Dhaba ..You must give it a try..with the NAN bread and yogurt for the rice and sauce..MmMMmM
Vegans can't trust the menu. Dishes that have butter are noted as vegan, as is a dish with "paneer" in the name (cheese). Newby servers aren't much help navigating through the mistakes. A for good intentions, but F for execution. The owner is super nice, but I've been put off by some of the other help, especially if you arrive without a reservation. The food is among the best found, and I would give an additional star if the service was stronger, and another star if the menu had less mistakes.
I took the advice below me on yelp and made a reservation. We came in ten minutes early and our table was all ready and set to go. The service was pretty good, which I was thankful for because the reviews below me scared me. However, it was 530, pretty early for a Saturday night so it was not busy. 

We ordered some garlic naan, the lamb boti kabab, and the gosht rogan josh (another lamb dish). The naan was tasty and warm. The lamb kabob was amazing! The pieces of lamb were HUGE and super tasty. The gosht rogan josh was extremely tasty as well, however I would have preferred more meat as opposed to so much curry along with it. However this food was amazing and by far the best Indian food I have had in Phoenix!
Hands down my favorite restaurant I've tried in the Phoenix area in the year I've been here. Great food, great service, reasonable prices (especially if you Groupon it).
Great food. Will go again.
We purchased a Groupon for The Dhaba, as avid Indian food lovers, we figured we would make the drive out to the east valley and give it a shot. The restaurant is very small, so I would definitely recommend reservations. Though small it had a great ambiance, and the presentation was just lovely. Their varieties of chutneys were delicious and they had a great selection of Indian foods that are not so common to find in restaurants. We ordered several appetizers, a couples of entrees, and a few desserts and absolutely everything was delicious, fresh, and well prepared. The wait staff was friendly and attentive, and a gentlemen who seemed to be the owner checked in with us towards the end of the meal to make sure our experience was satisfactory. 
All and all we had a great experience. We live pretty far from Tempe, so The Dhaba may not be our go-to Indian place, but when we are on that side of the city we will definitely eat there again!
The Dhaba is the only place I got for Indian food in the Phoenix area. It's so flavorful and they'll make your meal as spicy as you'd like. I don't always know what I'm ordering, but it's always delicious.
When we first moved to Phoenix we made an active effort to look for a great Indian restaurant. AND WE FOUND IT!!
The food was outstanding.  Had the Chicken Curry with Naan Bread.  The only thing that ruined it was the obnoxious brat sitting across from me which I finally had to ask him myself to be quiet because I was trying to enjoy my meal.  Mom was a bit pissed with an evil eye.  My thoughts are, if you can't control your kid, then stay home!  Or at the very least, have some common courtesy and common sense to extricate your child from the scene.
After getting my car's oil changed at Hon-Man, I was feeling a bit peckish and decided to indulge in some tasty Indian cuisine since The Dhaba was a hop, skip, and a jump away. I wanted an order to-go, and inquired about getting a lunch special (No buffet, but they do have some great looking daily lunch specials). Unfortunately, they will only give you the lunch deals if you eat in, so I browsed through the extensive regular menu. The prices seemed a little high compared to other Indian restaurants in Tempe. I decided on The Dhaba signature saag (Spinach) dish ($12). 

There is a cute little waiting area where you can wait for your food to be made. Service was exceptional, especially since it was to-go! The friendly hostess at the counter offered me some water while I waited, and even offered to refresh the cup with more water for my trip back home. The order came in a nice little brown shopping bag with handles, the kind you would find at higher-end restaurants.

When I opened up the bag, I had a really large portion of saag and basmati rice. The saag had a nice balance of flavors and textures. I could taste fresh ginger, some creaminess, and the delicate flavor of the spinach. I had asked for it medium spicy, and it was about right- not too spicy, not too mild. The basmati rice was cooked well, had some vibrantly colored grains and was fragrant from the addition of spices such as cardamom and cumin.

Overall, it was a pleasant meal, and I have more than enough leftovers for a few more meals. I'd love to dine in another time to try out more dishes, and their lunch!
Authentic Punjabi food and great service. The spice level is a bit toned down - I ordered a 10 (highest) and got what I would call medium hot. But they got me a bowl of green chillies so it was all good. Try this place for sure. 
BTW - I ordered the non-veg thali
I'm modifying the review because the last time I was here the food sucked.  The service was still great and they switched out a dish for us but the overall food quality was lacking.  I'm guessing only the Thalis here are good as a person in our group ordered one of those and it was good
I can't speak the Dhaba's praises enough.  The food is outstanding, the service is great, the ambiance is warm and welcoming.  

We went for dinner on Sunday, making reservations on-line.  When we walked in, our table was ready with glasses of water filled and papadums and chutneys waiting for us.  We were greeted quickly, drink orders taken (my girlfriend loves their hot chai).   They didn't hover around the table while we were deciding, as it generally takes a while to go through their extensive menu.  It's a nice, subtle reminder that they appreciate your business AND want you to enjoy yourself.  

We ordered a spinach and chickpea curry and a spicy lamb curry with mangoes and capsicum, with a side of garlic naan.  All delicious (I normally get the chicken vindaloo but decided to try something a little bit different). The naan is fantastic, I also have had the chili naan and it's an excellent compliment, if you want to keep piling the spice on (and I do).   We ended the meal with gulab jamun, perfect for two people.   

We never go away from the Dhaba hungry, we're always satisfied, and we always recommend it to our friends.  It's hands down my favorite restaurant in the Valley.
very delicious!
We have visited this place on multiple occasions, and it never fails the manager is awful! I have been with and without reservations. With reservations the manager refuses to seat you until the exact time even if there are lots of empty tables. She will seat people who come without reservations but if you have a reservation you will have to wait till its your time. Even if your table is ready with the reserve sign, you will sit and watch your empty table till its your exact time. The food is decent this is one of the reasons we keep coming back.  I have recommended this place to a few people but with the growing number of Indian restaurants in the metro of Phoenix maybe customer service should be something this place should work on!
Foot was excellent but the place is expensive. We ordered Tandoori shrimp, Malai Kofta and Okra. All things were well prepared and authentic.
Ladies and gentlemen, I have found my new favorite Indian food restaurant. Groupon had a deal and we snatched it up as we've been in search of trying new places. 

We arrived about an hour before they were closed and it was almost empty. They still asked if we made a reservation (we did) -- so it seems like that may be a requirement for later dining during the week. Their table settings are unusual and fit perfectly with the ambiance. The tin water glasses keep your water cold throughout your meal.

I searched the large menu for starters that weren't deep fried and were vegetarian-friendly, but we settled on the paneer fritters. They came with curried garbanzo beans that had the perfect amount of spice. This cheese is amazing, you guys.

For my entree, I decided to go with the vegetarian thali plate. It came with a large salad (the veggies on this were great, but the iceberg lettuce was not the best choice and it had a bit too much dressing), a curried vegetable (PERFECTION), a lentil and bean side (divine), yogurt side (perfect for cooling down the spice), large portion of colorful rice, 3 pieces of naan, a dessert (the BEST rice pudding with mango swirl) and a chai. The menu clearly states that you cannot share the thali, which I thought was hilarious because it's SO HUGE. No, seriously, I had leftovers for 2 more meals after this.

My boyfriend ordered a taro dish which they mentioned to us was 'dry' - no sauce. It tasted a lot like a potato and it wasn't my favorite -- I LOVE the sauces and spices the most - but he enjoyed it. 

Our bill was $47 for an appetizer, a large vegetarian thali dinner plate ($14), the taro dish and 2 of their Indian beers ($5 each). I'm a fan! Only one star off because unless you order the large vegetarian plate, all the other options are a bit pricey. I can't imagine that this place does a lunch buffet but I may be wrong.
Best Indian restaurant in the Valley!
It's just an over priced place with very little regard to service. We had to wait for half an hour after which we got the table and the food took another half hour to come. My husband ordered an extra roti which came after 25 mins of us just sitting and waiting staring at the entree!!! I ordered a Kashmiri chicken tikka masala which was extremely bland, my suggestion would be check out curry corner (just a block away) for half the price and way better taste. All and all if you wish to blow your money on fraud tasteless Indian food... Go ahead and try it.
Yum!!!!!  This was my first time trying Indian food & I am now hooked!  We arrived around 8pm on a Thursday & the place was packed & we were told it would be about a 45 minute wait, we decided to stay and we got lucky & were seated in about 10 minutes.  We were so happy that we waited.  The food was absolutely delicious, so much flavor.  The only reason I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because once we ordered, we never saw our waitress again & we had to ask the bus boy for more water & he even took our dessert order.
My GF loves Indian food, me well not so much as it always seems to upset my stomach...guess I'm not accustomed to all the spices that are used in Indian food. Maybe that was TMI?? Moving on...having just moved to Tempe I wanted to take my gf somewhere to eat and since she loves Indian food I did a search on Yelp. 

The Dhaba appeared to be a top Indian spot according to yelpers. I had seen it days before driving by it as it is hard to miss. It hardly looks like a place that would serve Indian food and rather more resembles some quirky old time western place from the outside. I questioned whether it would be good based on this alone. Surprisingly the whole plaza is "Indian" in some way. Indian market, Indian restaurant, and an Indian cafe. Wow! I probably would not have come here if it weren't for the exceptional reviews.

Once you walk into the Dhaba, the restaurant is quaint and beautifully decorated. It was busy, yet the atmosphere was quiet. The hostess was attentive and the service was great. 

The food was wonderful. Like I said, I'm not a huge fan of Indian food, but I ordered the Chicken Tikka and I loved it. The portions were big, so unless you have a large appetite you'll most likely have leftovers. 

The food was a little pricey, but it was worth it. I look forward to going back again...
I wanted to go and eat at the Curry Corner a few blocks away, but my friend who is a bit of a snob didn't want to eat at the CC, so off we go to The Dhaba.  It's in a nice location, next door is a large Indian market.  The interiors of the Dhaba is very nice with asian-inspired furnishings, mostly dark wood.  It's actually a very intimate place, they serve the drinks/water in a very artistic metal drinking glass.  I ordered the chicken tikka masala, samosa and my favorite, garlic naan.  My friend had mostly vegetarian, the serving size were more than enough for two people.  The waitress was very friendly and attentive.  It's really a must try for those visiting Phoenix/Tempe area and so I give it 5 stars.
What an absolute gem of a place! Put our name in for a table and while waiting, went next door to check out the little shop. What a pleasant surprise to find that it had groceries, religious and decorative items, and even clothing, jewelry and books! The owner of the shop had the most amazing, gentle energy and spent time talking to my husband and I about the history of the shop. I love how he's mostly concerned with bringing an authentic Indian experience to Tempe with high-quality products. The shop had such great energy too, you could tell a lot of love went into it!

The restaurant next door had amazingly fresh, hot food like the kind that an auntie would make at home. The shop owner came by after our dinner to see how we liked it. This specific treatment left a lasting impression that will keep me going back for years to come, even if it's a bit of a drive! Great, great place for true authenticity and beyond friendly service. I can't wait to go back!! This is now my one-stop shop for all things Indian.
I love this place! It is the best Indian food I've ever had. My husband had tried Indian food before several times and was not a fan but after purchasing a Groupon he agreed to try The Dhaba and absolutely loved it. It is a smaller restaurant with very cute dcor and a relaxing atmosphere. I recommend putting in a reservation, especially if you go on the weekend. Some of our favorites are the Rehriwale dahi bhalle, Kashmiri Chicken Tikka Masala, and Lamb Curry. The fresh naan and rice are amazing. The service is a little slow sometimes but the food is always stellar.
The food in general was pretty decent. Although the tandori chicken was a bit on the dry side. The restaurant is quite small and doesn't have much of an ambiance. I wouldn't bring a date here.
In a word...yummy! The staff is helpful and gracious; the restaurant itself delightful. We have eaten here a few times and find the food to be consistently delicious. Our only observation is that the curry dishes seem to be more sauce than anything else  . That said, we really enjoy this restaurant and its delicious food
After trying curry corner I went on an indian binge. The Dhaba is just as delicious but the service lacked...a smile from the waiter would have made this review 5 stars.
-- ONE YEAR UPDATE --

Still consistently good. Love this place. There is always a groupon available. Definitely a good deal. Me and the wife always get 2 meals out of one dinner here. MUST EAT!!
I really liked the hara Bhara kabab. It's tasty. The chicken biryani I ordered came exactly like how I wanted. It was spicy and delicious!
I have been here a few times and have never had a bad experience, whether there were 3 of us or 16.

The food is amazing. The vindaloo will make you cry. The korma is like velvet. The naan is crispy on the outside, pillowy on the inside and melts in your mouth. 

But what really makes this place special is the service. The servers treat you like family, and are happy to make recommendations. They are always happy and bend over backwards to make sure your experience is a good one.
Food here is delicious, vegan friendly, and service is always fantastic. If you don't know what to order, the servers are helpful and will walk you through the menu.
Their garlic naan is some of the best naan I've had in the valley. Their service was good and their decor was very beautiful. We used a Groupon and the meal was a great deal! We would definitely return.
Food was delicious. I feel it's costlier than all other Indian restaurants in town. Food was heavy and I had to take a box while returning.
Definitely a great place to go for Indian food! 

Pros
- Great food
- good service
- cool atmosphere
- short wait times

Cons
- not much seating
- hostess is bland and uninviting
- bathroom is behind a sheet
Delicious food, wide ranging menu, excellent ambiance and service! Highest quality Indian food in the valley!

While you're there, you may also want to check out the Indian store right next door, especially for fresh Indian sweets or samosa.
We experienced Dhaba with a Groupon.  We went there during an off hour so the place was relatively empty.  We were humored when the staff asked if we had reservations.  Was that necessary?  Lovely atmosphere and the staff is attentive. We ordered the plate specials.  Mine came with naan, chicken curry, chana masala, dahl and rice.    The rice is like a fried rice with various veggies in it.  A nice change from the usual.  We both ordered medium spicy and it was just right.  Had the food been any spicier, it would have ruined the taste.  Hubby had the naan, lamb curry, dahl, tandoori chicken and rice.  It was all delicious.  Our meal was complete with chai and rice pudding with a mango flavoring.  There was plenty of  leftovers for the next day.  We would definitely go back as we thought this was one of the best places for Indian food.
We've been here a few more times and they do pay attention to the spice levels when we discuss with the order taker. If you make reservations, they set the table up and take you in right away. Much better to eat this way. 

Although we have ordered mild spiciness levels the last few times, I think I am going to give them a shot again next time and order the medium spiciness level. I think their food probably tastes best with spiciness at the medium level. 

I like their curries and vegetables better than the tandoori meats.
Very good Indian food, this is first place I experienced Indian,  and I have been hooked ever since. This is my go to spot for Chicken Tikka Masala....it's super flavorful and is always good.  I do wish they gave more chicken in the dish,  but it's a good because i usually use the remaining curry for my Basmati rice..mmmm.  The service is fast! I call in my orders and I never have to wait, which is a plus. 
My addiction  for Indian curry is quite abnormal...lol, but nonetheless,  i can always count on getting a great meal here.
I always enjoy a sqaure deal, and today was no exception. Having a shiny new restaurant*com coupon in hand, we made our way out for The Dhaba. I'm not too proud to partake in a coupon here and there. Let's face it, why pay $40 when you can spend $25 after tax and generous tip? Now that's smart shopping.

This place was a good decision. We really enjoyed the food, they're in a nice spot right off the light rail, they've got a cool Indian (dot - not feather) market and adjacent shops to check out before, or after, your meal. 

The Adrak De Panje dish (marinated lamb cooked in the tandoor for those of you who don't know); while tasty, was a bit tougher than I was expecting. They could stand to provide a sharper knife with this item. I was here with my wife and mother-in-law and we all really enjoyed the Nawabi Murg Tikke (marinated chicken cooked in the tandoor).

Overall they serve great tasting food and India themed dcor. The restaurant dining area echoed on the inside, which made for an interesting experience. We could literally hear what our neighbors were talking about. While they did have music it could have been a bit louder, felt like we could hear every conversation from all the surrounding tables. and I expect that this could have been overcome with ambiance level music or some interior curtains.

At one of the shops, we met an interesting and awesome guy behind the counter, my guess is that he's the owner. He told us about different spices and dietary info about different Indian foods. Had a fun evening learning about Indian foods!

Happy Yelping Phoenix! .... errr Tempe I guess. ;-)
Food was great. I got the paneer and my boyfriend got the chick pea something-or-other (sorry, I could look it up, but I'm too lazy). The spice levels here are great as well. We both got a 7; definitely enough to make your nose run, but not enough to make the food unbearably hot.

The naan was also fresh and delicious.  I'd definitely go back! Portion sizes are enormous. We had enough for us both to eat a second meal out of it. 

Side note: it feels like you're eating in a palace with the silver cups and plates at your table. Ha.
Love eating at this restaurant. small place but great ambiance and awesome food.
This place isn't bad. The atmosphere is nice, and the staff seems friendly enough, but they are getting three stars for a couple reasons.

First when we finally ordered, it took quite a while for our food to come out. Also when we ordered, we ordered some drinks... Normally those would come out before the food...? So, yeah, when our food came out and we still didn't have drinks, I had to ask twice for them.

Second, I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masalla, one of my all time favorite Indian dishes, if done right. This dish came out under seasoned, no real flavor whatsoever... plus I really like spicy food, so I ordered it as a 10 (scale of 1 to 10)... Unfortunately it didn't taste like they had done anything to spice it up.

Last, the rice pudding was... ok. However, they apparently leave whole cardamon seeds in there, and I happen to bite full on into one thinking it was one of the nuts in the pudding.
My wife had some ice-cream desert that tasted like a Mango Lassie, but it was so rock solid and in a dish that just didn't work. Trying to dig pieces of the ice-cream off ended with the entire puck (that's about what it looked like) flying out of the small bowl they put it in.

On the plus side, the Garlic Naan was fabulous... in fact we got a second order of it... 

Anyhow, I doubt I'll come back here again, especially if I can find a much better Indian place closer to Chandler...
Mouthwatering and ethnic!!!
This is by far the best Indian restaurant I have been to in the valley. I can't even remember what I ordered when I went but, I remember everything was delicious. Probably the best food I have ever eaten. I know this sounds dramatized, but, you could probably eat a napkin there and it would be the best napkin you have ever had.
Good food. The wait time was too long for a pick up. Their dal makhani was good, seriously!
Like the good from The Dhaba.  It's a little pricey.  They occasionally have groupons which makes it more reasonable.  They're very into having reservations.  It's a small restaurant and when we've gone, their tables fill up.  I do recommend calling ahead.  The Faislabadi Aam Murgh is very good if you want to try something new.
Excellent food.

Naan was excellent along with Chicken Tikka masala.
Wow wow wow is all I can say.  First of all I love the atmosphere.   Because he has located his restaurant in the midst of his other Indian oriented stores, it has a feeling of attractive authenticity.  The husband is from the Punjab and the wife is from Hong Kong.  They make a marvelous and delightful team.

The food is the real star here.  The Papardams with delicious sauces were the starter.  Then we had their chick pea dish which was so light and flavorful.  Everything was obviously fresh.  I then had the chicken biryani and my wife had a mixed vegetable dish and both were exquisite.  The naan bread was delicious as well.  I have nothing negative to write.   We will become regulars as we have been looking for a good Indian restaurant without any luck in the Scottsdale area.

Try the Shiraz red wine from India.  It goes so well with the spicy food.
Came here for a valentine's dinner with the hubby. Small space but the food's flavor makes up for it immensely. We ordered the Kolkata pani puri for starters. Little hollowed out puffed pastries stuffed with potatoes and chick peas, which you pour tamarind flavored water on. Although the flavors were there, they didn't work well together. 

For the main course we got the Dhaba chicken curry with aromatic basmati rice and some garlic naan. This dish was delicious. The chicken was boneless and tender, the curry was rich with spices and heat. The garlic naan was fresh and pillowy and worked great with the curry. The serving size was perfect for two to share, and we even had enough to take home!

Great atmosphere, they even had a guy playing a sitar in the front of the restaurant! This restaurant is located in the India Plaza, next to a Indian grocery store, parking seems really scarce though, and make sure you make a reservation, they get booked!
Excellent food, quick service too. The chai tea was fantastic and the aromas made my stomach grumble with anticipation. Try this little gem. You'll be very glad you did :)
Visited this place along with Family. The quality & taste of food is good (Can be better).  We ordered vegetarian curries, the taste was good but it was not something we would crave for. Garlic naans were very good hot from the tandoor. The price is similar to other Indian restaurant in the town average 12-15$ per person.  Ambience was okay as they stuffed lot of artifacts in small place where you feel you are in very small room. I may not recommend this place as it didn't tantalize my taste buds. Service is very good as the food arrived in 15 min and the lady was courteous.
I'm amazed I've had Indian food but not like this  amazing flavors I had the vegetarian dish and it makes me wanna go meatless but service was great nice ambience and we'll worth the price big up dhaba!!!
It was a super busy night and so service was initially a little slow, but what's the rush? Slow down, enjoy the experience. 

Mango lassies - great

Veggie dumplings - outstanding 

Garlic naan - very good

Veggie Paneer - again, great

Rice pudding - delicious

Host - gracious and kind 

Go here if you want fantastic veggie Indian food. Don't bother ordering tikka masala like everyone else. Try something new.
this is my favorite indian place. make sure you are not in a rush. let the environment draw you in. smell the frangrance of spices emnating from the food ordered by others. yiu can pair your food with the wines offered. ask for help. take your time savoring the food.
I came here on a date, having read good reviews and knowing friends who like it here... and I was less than impressed.

First off, I made reservations, and we still had to wait. We were right on time, there were empty tables, and I was a little confused. After being sat by our wholly unenthusiastic hostess-slash-waitress, we waited FOREVER to get in our drink order. We perused the huge menu for quite some time, thought about getting an appetizer, but ended up skipping the app because we figured we would be there all night long if we did. (in retrospect, a smart move.)

When the food came, it was pretty good, but a little bland. I'd maybe try different dishes if there's a next time. I could see people complaining that the portions are on the smaller side, but I thought they were OK. Not great, but okay. 

Minus a star for the fact that our wine never came until our food showed up, and I had to politely remind our server. Being on a date, this really was killer. Would have been nice to loosen up convo with a nice glass of wine, and we ended up both getting one glass instead of two. 

All in all, super disappointing. Thought it was going to be a fun, interesting experience, and looked forward to doing something different. But this place is firmly OUT of my "dating restaurants" rotation. Maybe I'll come back with friends? If we had a super nice waitress who suggested dishes and treated us well, it could have been great. (and, it doesn't have a very romantic ambiance... we were so far apart when sitting at our "table for 2" that we joked about having convo via carrier pigeon.) 

Factor in the fact that it's kind of expensive, and yeah... 2 stars all the way.
You guys. The tikka masala. The spice. Perfection. Amazing. 


Weird bathroom sitch, so close to the sitting area and a urinal, bleck.  But doesnt matter, food trumps any building logistics.
I had an excellent experience with my friend here a couple weeks ago... 

Caution: THE MENU IS HUGE... I don't even know what I ordered... I kept asking the waitress and then was like SURE... I do know we had the appetizer sampler... Again NO IDEA what it was, but ooooh so yummy
My friend got chicken tikka masala with no heat, but it was still really good. I got a seven and by then end of the night I felt the burn...

The mango lassi were soothing and delicious

Plus we got a discount from google, so we were happy. 

But WE FORGOT OUR LEFTOVERS  I was so sad.
Definitely recommend this place
A little pricey but great food. 

Bonus point for the white guy playing the sitar in an otherwise totally Indian staff.
This place is delicious. I ordered way too much food, and the portions are huge! Low the tikka/garlic naan/cauliflower that was spicy! Also loved the owners, so sweet.
This was delish! And I love that they had clear marking on what was vegan on the menu. We asked for 7 out of 10 spicy, and it was still pretty mild for me. The cauliflower had the most kick, but not overwhelming. Next time I will try 9 or 10. And there will definitely be a next time!
It's hard to believe that there's a special place like this in tempe
Not impressed at all , I didn't like the taste of the food and I didn't think the service was good at all. I won't be going back here for sure. I also thought it was over priced for what they offered. 

I wouldn't recommend this place to my family and friends, but I know alot of people who find it to be fine.. Personally I just didn't like it though..
I've been here a few times and always enjoy each visit. First of all, when you walk in you get an inviting feeling from the smiles  and courteousness of the staff. You get to experience a bit of the culture with the lovely dining set they have and by the look of the decor. And of course, the many flavorful dishes that they offer! Their staff pays attention to the water level of your cup and ensures it is filled. That's an A+ :)

This time around I tried papadum which is a  starter. It looks like a tortilla but the texture is a light tortilla chip made of lentil powder, rice powder and some different spices. You can practically eat these non-stop! 

Favorites/Chicken/Tandoors/Bread/Dessert:
- Rahon dal tarka which is yellow lentils mixed with different herbs and spices. You can eat this with their saffron cumin rice. 
- Gudaspuri Mutter Paneer which is blended mix of peas and cheese along with the dhaba herbs and spices. Great for trying to fulfill the veggie part of your daily food intake! ;) palak paneer (spinach and cheese) is also good. 
- Gazab Ka Kadahi Murgh which is a BBQ boneless chicken marinated in a spicy yogurt. This is my new favorite dish because it's baked in their clay oven. Once cooked then its marinated in the yogurt sauce and mixed with onions, bell peppers and tomato to create a wonderful sauce. 
- Tandoori Murgh (chicken) cooked in the clay oven paired with onions and a squeeze of lemon. 
- Pani Puri which is small finger foods. "Street food"  Little chip-like texture cups filled with potatoes and chick peas. Pour the mint water in the filled cups and add an optional taramind sauce or mint sauce. 
- Garlic Naan is hands down my favorite garlic naan I have tasted!! If you're wanting garlic naan then come here to eat it. It's soft  ,airy, fluffy with the right amount of crispness on the edges and amount of garlic shavings on top! 
- Ras Malai (sweet condensed milk cheese circular chunks) homemade dessert. Think of fresh mozzarella cheese texture. Really soft clean texture mixed in with the condensed milk cream sauce. 
- Halwa which is a Carrot fudge (sweet cooked carrot shavings boiled in condensed milk mixed with hints of pistachios, cashews, and golden raisins. Really innovative for a homemade dessert! 

Overall I loved this place because I can always select new dishes as well as favorite dishes to eat and I can always expect great friendly service from their staff. Gotta come check this place out! Mmm mmm gooddd! Only thing I regret was not taking pics of the delicious foods!! Next time. ;)
I've eaten lots of curry throughout my life.   This curry was just okay. 

The menu is massive and offers a lot of variety, for someone unfamiliar with the cuisine it's quite daunting.   Since I was trying out this restaurant for the first time I decided to try something I was very familiar with and ordered a shrimp masala.

The dish was seasoned heavily, like any Indian dish should be, but the flavors didn't really seem to balance out  very well, all of the seasonings tasted a bit off, and were a bit overbearing in a funny tasting way.  But alas, not bad by any means of the imagination.  I cleaned off the plate and would try it again.  The shrimp itself was wonderful, very fresh and well cooked. 
The garlic naan was to die for, it was one of the best naans I've ever had.  Cooked to perfection. 

Judging from other reviews, I'm not sure if we just came in on an off night or what, but the service was not good at all.  We were probably sitting for 15-20 minutes before someone came over and took our drink orders, and this was not on a busy night.  Our server didn't seem particularly happy to be there.  The food took a little while to come out, but I expect that when ordering more elaborate meals, and was not at all turned off by this.  

The restaurant has a little side-shop, which sells British and Indian goodies, which was delightful.  A definite plus.
best Indian in all of phoenix!
Loved the atmosphere and the food very much! I would definitely come back and I would say makes it in to my Top 3 Indian restaurants in Phoenix. Definitely high up there in terms of the cute atmosphere. Can't wait to come back and go to the little market next door.
Great food but very expensive. Several nearby places offer same quality at lower price.
Nice place inside. 

Food prices range from $6 appetizers to $15 entrees.

Flying horse large beer $8. 

Food was 10/10
Atmosphere (young couples) 9/10
Music 0/10 --- play some music for god sake... 

Overall 7.8/10 .. If they had music and some free papad to start with. I would of given them 10/10.

Still .. Buy the GROUPON and go during the week!
Outstanding flavor, spicy as a bastard, and good beer and wine. A bit pricey for sure, but worth it occasionally. The adjacent Indian store is cool but even more overpriced.
Update to my post. I set the dollar value at $$ but that was with my groupon. The value is a bit higher than that if you have an appetizer, 2 entrees, desert and wine as our Groupin did. Still excellent food
Excellent, excellent, EXCELLENT!

I was here for my first time last night with some friends for dinner and we were all very satisfied. 

Wondeful service and a great selection to choose from. I will most definitely be back!
This place is a hidden gem. We were there for restaurant week. The food was outstanding as was the service. The staff were very nice and pleasant as well as attentive. I cannot recall the names of the food we ordered but it was the best Indian food I have ever tasted. I highly recommend this place. We will be back. 
Don't forget to check out the market that is located to the eastern part of the dining room.    The chai was also very tasty and delicious.
As an Indian, five stars was out of reach anyway. The food was decent..not bad for Arizona Indian food. We enjoyed the paneer makhni, lamb vindaloo and chicken curry. The naan was also very nice. I tried some chaat (street food in India that is typically flavorful and delicious) and it was border-line inedible..we requested extra spicy and it was bland and likely had been sitting for a while. I never understand why chaat is so difficult to find in Phoenix and this was pretty disappointing. I would also say that it was expensive; a decent Indian buffet is often a better value and larger food coma!
This restaurant is the only place I go for Indian Food. Oh my goodness!!!! The staff is so nice and the food gives me random cravings almost everyday haha! I recommend the Chicken Tikka Masala at a number 4 or 5 hotness level! Mmmmm. It's a little place that makes a date night very intimate or a lunch with a friend very personable. I had two friends that had never tried indian food before so I took them here and they were in shock haha. Definiately a great place to go. IF YOU ARE GOING FRIDAY OR SATURDAY NIGHT make a reservation. There are a lot of other people who have the same opinion as me :) Oh and most plates are around $15 so a little up there but definitely worth it!
We went on a weekday afternoon at around 1230pm. It was fairly empty.

The food was A-mazing. We had different tikka masalas with basmati rice. Perfect rendering. I tried the gluten-free, vegan roti, and it was yummy, especially with the plum sauce we got with the gulshan e bazar, which were also gluten-free, vegan, and delicious. 

As someone who can't eat gluten or eggs (and shouldn't eat dairy either, really), I was amazed that I could have a satisfying, allergen-free meal that was super delicious. 

and the service was very friendly and very, very helpful. It's a huge plus that their menus are marked for GF, Veg, Vegan (though dairy and eggs separated would be nice)!
The Dhaba is my go-to Indian good place, I love it!!! It is the best Indian food I've had in the valley. It's very small and I recommend making a reservation in advance to be safe. On occasion they do put out a groupon that is insane! 

Foods I recommend:
Chai tea (free refills!)
Chicken tikka masala
Paneer tikka masala
Lamb vindaloo
Garlic naan
Raita
We had some friends coming over from RI who were craving for authentic Indian cuisine and so based on the yelp reviews we took them to the Dhaba! And we were not disappointed. The ambiance is very acceptable. They've managed to recreate a mildly Indian atmosphere in there. We went along with our vegetarian friends and stuck to a veggie diet. The bhel puri wasn't that great, however the samosa chat more than made up for it. The garlic naan as many of the other reviews point out, was simply surreal. The same could be said of the paneer tikka masala and the kofta. The food was really good.

Now, for the put offs: 
1. With just one other table occupied in the restaurant and us having given our orders in advance, it took 20 good minutes for the food to arrive. And that too, after the other table was served. 
2. The lovely young lady who welcomed us, showed us our seats and took our orders had a terrible scowl writ all over her face. She never once did smile, was very curt and generally had the air of someone who was waiting on a bunch of people who had invaded her house, uninvited. Despite the food and the ambiance and the wait time, the one thing which we all kept going back to weeks after our visit to the Dhaba, was how dispirited and unwelcoming the lady was.

Bottom line verdict: Good food, Good ambiance, Not really welcoming.
Their butter chicken is good. The atmosphere is really nice.
Incredible! That pretty much says it. The service and food were spot on. Easily the best Indian food, no, food, that I have ever had. I would say it is the best restaurant I have ever eaten at, including "high end" restaurants that are easily two to three times the price.
Officially my favorite restaurant...EVER! They have a total respect for people and food. Can't wait to try more vegan dishes.
Visiting Phoenix from DC. was hoping to find delicious Indian food like we get in DC. Dhaba definitely delivered. Enjoyed all the dishes. Especially the lamb vindaloo and the palak paneer. So glad we came!!!
This is our 1st time dinning at The Dhaba. We loved the ambiance and the decor of the place. The server/hostess was very nice and the food was AMAZING! We had the garlic naan, lamb soup, chicken mango curry, chicken and lamb curry. The basmati rice and garlic naan were out if this world, the meats were all tender and tasty. We also had chai tea and rice pudding and they were pretty good! The only down side is that the service was a little slow but we will definitely come back, the portions are very good and filling! :)
The place was pretty empty for a Friday lunch but everything was very good so no complaints!  I loved the spicy Vindaloo and the Pangang evened everything out. The lemonade was spicy and refreshing.  Just wonderful.
The best indian food I have ever had. The service is always amazing. I come here on a monthly basis and it is always consistant. When we crave traditional indian food, we come here!
Tasty yet overpriced (except at lunch). Also carefully look at your bill! They hide the fact that they add 18% gratuity for themselves by making it look like part of the total amount you must pay, not an itemized suggested amount. 

Pros:
Great variety with a lot of dishes
Good lunch prices
Tasty dishes no matter what you order
Beautiful ambience

Cons:
Dinner prices are higher than most Indian places
Some staff can be truculent if you do or ask for anything that apparently isn't to her liking
Deceitful w/ bills 
(As mentioned above, they print very archaic-looking bills w/ only numbers so you must remember exactly what you ordered and what it cost. But read it carefully!! It is itemized first by food & drink, then food & drink + tax, then food & drink + tax + 18% tip. So it's easy to assume the number at the bottom is your total WITHOUT TIP, which leads most people to double tip them unknowingly. I've seen my coworkers miss this every time. Makes me really wonder if they aren't intentionally making their bills cryptic and confusing... )
My husband and I had a very enjoyable lunch. The restaurant is clean and pleasantly decorated, every dish we had was delicious and the owners were lovely! Thank you!
I bought a Groupon to The Dhaba, and my fiance and I used it a few weeks ago.  It was really nice.  I liked the decor.  The place is a bit smaller than I expected, but very cute.  

I had the chicken tikka masala and it was excellent.  Spiced just right for me.  I asked for it at a 5.  My fiance had sag lamb, and he liked his as well.  I had garlic naan.  It was a little dryer than I like, but still pretty good.

We went next door to the shop and it was pretty cool to look around.  We will be back.
31/2 really. I tried Dhaba for the first time today. I ordered the chicken tikka masala which was good and garlic naan which was ok. They deliver so that's always a plus for me. I'm looking forward to trying some other things.
I went there this weekend.Though the place is smaller and there is only one common washroom(ughh), we really enjoyed the food.we had tandoori chicken,naan,kadai chicken and mango lassi.But i must say the price is a bit high than other places.
So good! Had the special salad with corn cilantro tomato onion and rice crisps, the chicken curry and garlic naan. So fire trucking good!
Not bad at all.  The food is tasty, portions are large and prices are reasonable.  Avoid the Khus Shurbat drink, though---it simply tastes like Sprite, which is what they said they made it from.
Masala bay is decent Indian fair. The food is great and the terrace is a good as it gets in waterloo. I love the fact that if you want spicy...you;ll get spicy. 

I just wish the portions were smaller and cheaper. I like to order multiple plates with my friends and share among the group. Its my personal preference not to be served a heaping bowl of food and stuff my face.
Decent Indian food in the area. Parking can be a bit tricky and when it's raining, you may have some trouble walking in the entryway. That said, we thoroughly enjoyed our meal here. Chicken Tikka Masala, Butter Chicken, Naan, and Rice filled us up just enough. The prices seemed a little high for what we got. Other than that, I'd probably stop in here again if I were in the area and craving Indian food.
Definitely my favourite place in Waterloo. 

I've tried a couple of Indian places nearby and keep coming back. Many of the staples of Indian comfort food are done very well. The menu marks the spiciness of a given dish very well and I've never been surprised by either how hot or bland a dish was given the spice marking. 

The portions are very large and conducive to sharing with a friend of partner. I've never been to their lunch buffet but their prices can be a big high at dinner. Regardless, I consider it a welcome premium for the quality of the food.

They also do take-out and it is great to take such good food home. The portions are large enough that you can probably make two meals out of it.
Unassuming exterior, but with well decorated Indian-themed interior. Heavy, solid metal menus are part of the distinctive character. Extensive food options, and the place has been full of patrons the two times I've been there. Recommend.
I love this restaurant! Definitely the best Indian restaurant in Waterloo.

The decor is very nice inside. For dinner, they dim the lights and bring out the candles so it has a very romantic feel. In the summer time, they will open up a patio which is a bit more casual if you want to go with a couple of friends. (The first time I went, I went with 3 friends and we were all dressed in very casual clothing. It was a little awkward since we were having dinner, and there were candles and everyone around us was dressed up and on a date or with their families. We didn't know!!)

The service is good, but sometimes it seems they are understaffed and take a while to bring you something like more water. Overall, the wait staff is helpful with the menu and friendly.

The food is great! The butter chicken is very tasty and the naan is made very well. They also bring out some complimentary crispy rolls (?) and sauces for you to dip them in and they taste amazing!!

The best value is to go during lunch time. For lunch, they only have a buffet. The one time I went, they had fruit, butter chicken, naan, a type of goat curry, chicken tandoori, potatoes, some beans/veggies dishes, dessert and ice cream. Great value!

My only complaint is parking. Masala Bay is located next to a hotel, and there is a private lot but I guess the hotel claims all the parking spots there since there are signs everywhere that state parking is reserved for hotel guests only. Consequently, you will have to park on the street and walk about 5 to 10 minutes, depending on the time of the day.

One last note -- there is a picture on the wall of Stephen Hawking at the restaurant! Neat :)
Masala Bay has good Indian food. The two times I've gone, I have been with a group of people and we have shared dishes, family style. So, I'm not always sure what I ate. But, it was all good. 

Some of the things that stood out to me were: the garlic naan and the vindaloo (it is VERY spicy even to this southern so watch out). 

As the previous reviewer pointed out, it is a small restaurant with what can be difficult parking (the second time we parked in a free parking lot just past the restaurant which was nice) and they can be understaffed. But, the food is good, the beer is good and the atmosphere is nice. I will certainly go back if I find myself in W-town!
I came here with such high expectations after having read quite a few positive reviews. We ordered off the menu for an early dinner. The mango lassi was quite good. The biriyani rice was dried out and crunchy - probably leftover rice from their lunch buffet. The chicken in the curry tasted as though it was a few days old. The lamb in the biriyani had too much fat left on it and made the whole dish taste too greasy. The dcor inside suits the Indian theme of the restaurant. This is definitely not the best place in KW for authentic Indian food.
Their weekday lunch buffet is a steal not a deal. Food is delicious and they offer dishes that are actually spicy.
Terrible to average food quality, slow service, dim ambience and expensive. Probably still in business because of lack of serious competition in KW. Most Indian restaurants in KW are pretty bad.
Communal pots of sauce are taken from table to table, drying out and picking up germs as they go. Unhealthy and unappetizing, and it is revolting to see other people's crumbs in "your" sauce. I'm not a germphobe but I found this to be a foul practice. I never saw the sauces refilled or the sauce plates taken away to be cleaned. 

The curries are lacking -- sloppily presented and tasted of stale spices. The only reason this place gets even two stars is that the samosas are still okay and the tandoori is decent. Our shrimp appetizer came with the nasty table sauce and cost $10 for four small fried shrimp. On the menu they allegedly have some special sauce, but it's just the little table sauces and nothing special. Wine list is short, and mark-ups are massive. 

The outdoor tables should be a nice place to eat in the summer but the plastic tablecloths are tacky and dirty. Our waiter was rude and awkward. He nearly threw the food on the table and interrupted our conversation. I mentioned it to the hostess; she said he usually works in the kitchen and has a condition that makes it difficult for him to work with customers. This is unfortunate, but I'm still paying pretty high prices and part of that is service. Perhaps they should hire another waiter if they are lacking in staff. 

It's a shame, because we used to love this place. It used to be a cozy upscale Indian treat and now it's just messy and lazy. They are very lucky that there's little in the way of competition in K-W, because this place wouldn't last a week in Toronto. We took out-of-town guests to Masala Bay more than once and enjoyed it, but this last experience was a total turnoff. We will not be returning.
I have tried both there lunch buffet and a la carte dinner. If you arent that hungry you will not be disappointed with there a la carte dinner even though it might be a little pricey but well worth it.. If you are hungry then you should try there buffet as they have a lot of varieties of food even for vegetarians. You can notice the quality difference from the buffet to a la carte but the buffet is still awesome.
My husband and I ate at Curry Leaf last night and were very pleased.
This place is family owned, has been open about three months and is located in a strip mall near a Basha's.
The place is small and sparsley decorated, but I came to eat not look at stuff on the wall.
The service was very friendly and prompt. 
Both my husband and I ordered chicken curry dishes with chapathi which is a whole wheat flour flat bread. 
The food was very tasty and flavorful. I was getting full, but could not stop eating as I found it that good. 

As we finished eating one of the owners came out and we talked with him for a while. He explained how they prepare the food and their goal is for fresh and healthy food. 
The wife prepares and cooks all of the food and the husband and daughter help out in front. 

I'm definitley a fan and intended to go back soon as the food was delicious and the owners are very friendly.
Total sux ass! What a disappointment. 

We found out that a new Indian place openning up near by and wanted to go check it out. Came once and they were closed. Came again and they were closed. But finally today we found place open. Ordered some stuff, got some boxes took them home (Its really not an eat in kinda place unless you like dinky tables and Walmart plastic chairs.) 
Ohh boy! Ohh boy! Ohh wait! Rice? WTF! Its just a bowl of rice with some very little "Stuff" on top of it. WOW Are those vegetables from frozen pack, cuz it sure looks like it. Tastes like it too. 
So, i just paid 15 bux for 2 small bowls of rice with some questionable chicken and some frozen veggies that tasted like fast food Indian. 

Damn i feel violated.
I highly enjoy this place and my husband and I have been back many times since our first visit. I very much enjoy the food and the owners are so friendly and really go out of their way to make sure you have a good experience.

I understand everyone is entitled to their opinion, so for those that did not enjoy this place your opinion is valid, but I don't understand how you had such a horrible experience. I also don't understand why the reviews had to be so nit pickey. 

For the reviewer that nit picked about the tables and chairs, big deal! Shouldn't you focus on the food and not the decor? I know I go to a restaurant for food not decor. 

I think the same reviewer remarked that the veggies are frozen, quiet the opposite. The owners pride themselves on the freshness of their food. 

Having spoken to the owners I think they know how to run a business and if more people give them a chance I think they will suceed and they are listening to these Yelp reviews and taking what we say about them into consideration, which is more than I can say for most restaurant owners in this town who don't seem to care a whole lot what their patrons say.

I know not everyone will have the same experience, but I can say that I like this place and it's just too bad the other reviewers didn't enjoy what Curry Leaf has to offer.
Yes. we understand, the owners are friendly. I too like the owners. They are a sweet couple.

Now regarding the actual place itself, skip it. It's amateur food and I mean that sincerely and not as an insult. The person preparing the food is not a chef or a professional cook by any means. It just sees as if some random Auntie and Uncle decided to lease a space and start cooking fast food versions of Indian food thinking: "These dumb Americans have no clue. We will call it Chicken Tikha Masala wrap and they will think it's cool"  

I'm Indian and i had a hunch this place was like that but I was bored and decided to pay them a visit and try this authentic food. After all, if the food is great, then I could care less if it's faux Indian food.  I ordered the chicken tikka masala "bowl"  I asked them if they could add some sauce to it and the owner responded: "Yes, many customers have asked me to do that so we started to do that"  First of all, chicken tikka masala without sauce is like eating chicken soup without water...it doesn't exist.  And what makes this story even more odd is that when I got the chicken with the supposed added sauce...it was still dry.  It had literally one teaspoon worth of sauce over some very dry and poorly cooked rice.  And I paid 10 bucks for that.  Needless to say I didn't go back.

Look, I'm not insulting your intelligence. I know you have eaten Indian food at an actual sit down Indian restaurant and that this is supposed to be good in it's own manner as a pseudo fast food version of Indian. Hey, fast food Indian...love the concept...I'm down with that....unfortunately, it's already being done in bigger cities and it's much better.  Even fast food indian has more flavor than this place.

Furthermore, they are slow.  You don't walk up, pay 5 bucks and walk away with chicken tikka wraps 5 minutes later. You walk up, pay 15 bucks and wait 15-20 minutes for one Auntie to microwave your food in the back.
It's interesting seeing some of the reviews on here. You would think Curry Leaf was trying to present itself as an upscale Indian food restaurant in a hugely desirable area. 

Curry Leaf shares a strip mall with a dry cleaners, taco bell, AZ Hair Co and Chuck E Cheese. It's a small place with tables to eat in, but I imagine most of their business is takeout or the newly available delivery. 

Jeff P mentions "It just sees as if some random Auntie and Uncle decided to lease a space and start cooking fast food versions of Indian food" ... first of all, I disagree with this, and second, isn't America founded on the entrepreneurial spirit that promotes local owned businesses?!? 

Curry Leaf is owned by a husband/wife duo and I was super stoked at how nice the husband was. He answered my questions without prejudice which is rare for me in other Indian establishments. While I waited for my food, we chatted about their business, my business and other random chit chat. As I was leaving, another gentleman came in and the husband sang out "Hey Bob, how are you doing today?!?" It's nice to see that customer service and appreciation are still alive these days. 

I ordered the Channa Masala bowl with Basmati Rice and a side of Cumin Potatoes and I was really impressed. The flavor in both dishes was great and had just a little tinge of spicyness. The portions were great and for the price of $4.99 I think an excellent value (Lunch price is $4.99; regularly $6.99). 

There are also a couple of really neat things that make this place stand out: They offer deliver and TEXT IN service... so you can actually text them your order for pickup! I think that is such a cool idea. You are texting directly to the husbands phone, and then he saves your number so that in the future he knows that its you. I'm pretty sure he remembers every customer. 

The bowls that they use for takeout are very durable and can be used again as Tupperware. I think this is a super cool idea and adds a little value. 

In a world where we are cattle prodded through life eating out of Styrofoam containers in our cars, I believe Curry Leaf has made an attempt to add value to their product and I for one am both impressed and inspired and look forward to a new weekly lunch spot!
With regard to AMber W.'s points

1. I'm rating the food not the containers or the owners
2. If it makes you feel better eating subpar food because of the American Spirit so be it. Others of us are more concerned with the food itself.
3. I'm not downgrading it because it's not a sit down restaurant. Even among non-sit down restaurants or "fast food" style Indian themed eateries, this place is subpar. I've eaten at quick Indian eateries and they are much better than this.
4. My review is for people who understand and can appreciate good Indian food. It's not for people who value text service, nice containers and chatty owners.
5. I want to support mom and pop and locally owned restaurants but I also want to support good ones and not encourage bad ones to emerge simply because there is no competition for Indian themed restaurants here.
Am a big Indian food connoisseur. I am always on the hunt for Indian food in Phoenix and it is too disappointing that no restaurants so far has met my expectations. Unlike Seattle, where my brother lives, good quality Indian food is hard to come by here in Phoenix. I have read the reviews on yelp and none of it seem to have presented the good and the bad that can provide a feedback to the people running this business. With that in mind, I want to visit this restaurant and will be posting an opinion soon so other yelpers can get a good input.
i have never had a nicer, happier or  friendlier server in my life. the man was a pure delight. so its somewhat painful to do this, but dont come for the lunch buffet. bland crap bland.  

the highlight is the starter, which they serve you before allowing you to go to the buffet. we actually got up to hit the shit out of the buffet but were told that we had to wait til we were served the apps. all good.
 
on the buffet the best were the condiments. the worst would have to be the food. not good. there is a much better indian lunch buffet around the corner that i will suss out and up-star.
Suruchi is a friendly, and serious Indian restaurant with some fun Scottish twists on their menu.

I came here on my first night in Edinburgh in search of vegetarian fare - two other veggie places right down the street didn't pan out for various reasons, and Indian food is always a safe bet. I had an excellent Kafta Makahi dish, and when ordered with the spice level "as you would have it, please - I like spicy foods" - I was not dissatisfied. It was perfectly spicy without being overwhelming, and the flavor was excellent all around. Service was quick and pleasant, and the cook checked to see how everything was.

Price paid for a main dish, drink (Irn-Bru), and garlic nann was 13,00

If you're looking for great Indian food at a reasonable price, and/or a wide selection of vegetarian options (including veggie haggis fritters.. what!) then give Suruchi a shot.
I ate lunch here today, and I actually couldn't wait to get home and review it. Whether you see that as an indication of how good this place is, or of how sad I am is up to you... but you should definitely eat there before you decide.

We went for their 2-Course lunch deal for 5.95, as we just happened to be walking past and were given a flyer. We did not regret it... although I am now extremely full!

I usually steer clear of indian restaurants as I often find the food can be very greasy and stodgy, and very often it all tastes the same. None of that is true about this place: the starter is automatically brought to you (you don't get to choose it yourself), although the waiter did ask us if we were vegetarians first. He brought us thinly sliced potatoes which had been fried in a lovely combination of spices until crispy, although I'm not going to pretend for a second that I know what they were. Alongside these we each got a huge chunk of tandoori grilled chicken and an equally massive chunk of chicken marinated in their own unique spice blend, with a side salad and home-made raita.

I'm not sure if it was the selection of mains or my boyfriend's almond and saffron lassi which was the ultimate winner, but the mains definitely played a huge part in it: there was a buffet with 4 different curry dishes - a tadka dal, a tandoori lamb curry, a veggie sweet potato & spinach curry and the best one of all... chicken cooked with cashew nut paste, roast tomatoes, garlic and green chillies. Oh. Yes.

Of course, this all came with an unlimited supply of green salad, home-made mango chutney, 2 flavours of home-made poppadums and as much home-made naan bread as you can eat. As for the lassi, you need to go and try that for yourself - at 1.75 it's an absolute steal.

The best thing about all this was the bill. For two of us to eat more than, in all probability, was healthy for that time of the day, a lassi, a beer and large bottle of mineral water we paid just 17.

If you like indian food, or even think you might do but you're still not sure, I can't recommend this place highly enough.
If you are ever in the mood for a decent Indian meal, Suruchi is the place to go.

Situated in the centre of the busy and bustling Nicolson Street, Suruchi is just around the corner from the main University campus, George Square and is a short walk from the city centre and so it is a convenient place to reach.  The restaurant looks pretty small from the outside, but inside it stretches back quite far and is able to accommodate a lot of customers. 

Suruchi's menu offers a wide selection of authentic Indian cuisine and I ordered the seafood soup to start which was truly amazing - made with really fresh ingredients and tasted super fresh - yummy! I then had the butter chicken for my main which was equally as amazing and the chicken was cooked perfectly and there was no excess layer of oil on the sauce which I sometimes find with Indian dishes. There are warnings on the menu indicating which dishes are mild and which are hot which always gets a big thumbs up from me as you won't get your head blown off by an unexpected chili. 

The prices are really reasonable here with most main meal curry's costing about six pounds, and there is a lunch deal available too where a two course meal costs 6 - what a bargain! Suruchi is a really great Indian restaurant serving beautiful food and it is definitely worth a visit.
Some friends and I came across Suruchi after an exam in the nearby Adam House.  We were all starving, tired and just fancied relaxing with a tasty meal.  Thankfully we found this place which offers great service and delicious, authentic Indian food at reasonable prices.
The restaurant isn't the biggest and it has a really friendly, chilled out atmosphere with clean, neatly laid out tables.  The staff are all pleasant and they seem to take no time to get your food out the kitchen.
I had the Butter Chicken with boiled rice and a naan bread which cost only about 10.  It tasted amazing when it arrived and we all agreed that we'd come here again any day.
The flyers say this restaurant offers  true taste of India, and if thats true im going to have to put it out there and say I don't like the taste of India!

I was really disappointed with the food here and I wasn't the only one. My korma was kind of watery and way too sweet and the other curries my friends had were equally lack lustre. Maybe I went there on a bad day, the other reviews here are really good!

 The staff were lovely and the restaurant itself was really nice so it could be worth going back for the two course lunch buffet they offer for 5.95 to give them another try.
I think I might have to give this place another chance - I will provide my experience here, but I can't say if this is the norm.

Basically, I arrived before the rest of my fellow diners.  I didn't know if there would be four of five people in total, which apparently wasn't useful to the staff member, who instead of giving me a table which could potentially seat five, made me sit by the door until everyone else arrived.  It took a while for our waiter to take our orders, and when we finally received our food, I was not particularly impressed with what arrived, especially considering the prices.  I ordered the Navratan Kofta, and pretty sure I got the Palak Kofta Makhani instead...by the time we got our food, though, I was too hungry to send it back.  The dumplings were absurdly salty, to the point where I almost couldn't eat them.  On the other hand, my dining companions seemed to enjoy their dishes, including some tandoori shrimp.  

After we finished eating, we wanted to order some desserts, but after waiting over 45 minutes to have our plates cleared (and even then we had to hail a waiter down to do that) we didn't have enough time, and just left.

I think I'll stick with the Red Fort around the corner from here.
Been just the once but was very impressed.

The restaurant itself is a little shabby around the edges but the food was delicious.  Would definitely go again.
Exceptional Indian food. Good service. Proportions just right. Good variety of starter, Nans, seafood, chicken and lamb. Disappointing the only Gin was Gordon's, wanted Bombay Saphire.

Exceptional Indian food, fair price, good proportions, good service. Delicious sea food, chicken, lamb dishes and sppetizers. Only disappointment is they only had Gordon's Gin, wanted Beefeaters or Bombay Saphire. Highly recommended.
You know how curry houses can be oddly stressful in communicating your order and such? This place isn't like that. The food got good reviews from everyone at the table and we were all happy with the service and overall experience.

The jalfrezi sauce is some of the best I've ever had.  Everything was consistently good. Not the best Indian overall that I've ever had, but I'm really glad we stopped in. We were a group of six and they accommodated us without any trouble or eye-rolling. Reasonably priced and delicious! It was during the Fringe, as well, so the ability to handle a bigger group was impressive.
Truly excellent food. Great service. An institution.
Average Indian Restaurant, I have both eaten here and had home delivery, and the food and service are both fine.

Most recently I had a Goats Cheese dish and Lamb Kadai with Garlic Nan, the 2 curry dishes should have been hot and spicy, they were medium hot - I think this is another Indian restaurant where they are afraid of making their dishes too hot - probably because the average British palate cant handle it - though I'm make assumptions here.

Price wise its fine also, I was 15 including tip - I can get cheaper closer to home, and of similar quality. I know Indian and Pakistani people who said this used to be a good Indian, so maybe they have changed ownership, or just taken their foot off the gas??
While I was in Edinburgh, I decided to do a curry tour - to hit a new Indian joint every night in search of the most flavorful and spiciest curry. See, I eat spicy food like most people breathe air. Back home, I get Indian take-away and add both Habaneros and Ghost Pepper Hot Sauce before I eat. So... you know, use that as a frame of reference. Anyway.

This was an elegant and classy looking restaurant that had a laid-back and accommodating staff. The prices here were comparable to many in the area but higher than a few gems that I found. Even so, it was a quiet and intimate environment, and the food was GREAT. The flavor of the Vindaloo was excellent. It wasn't, however, very spicy at all. At least to me. I had to request they bring me something to spice up the dish more. When I did, though, they brought me a huge dish of pure chile pepper sauce that - after mixing with my vindaloo - DID make the dish at least moderately spicy. That made me happy.

So.... nowhere near the spiciest curry in Edinburgh but a good restaurant that takes care of its customers, and definitely a staff that knows how to make a proper tasting vindaloo. I'd visit again next time I'm in the city.
Mezbaan often seem to be left out of favourite curry restaurant lists. It often seems to escape the limelight. This is undeserved.

Mezbaan is an Indian restaurant specialising in South Indian cuisine. Every curry dish I have had hear is scrumptious! i have heard one person complaining that the curry wasn't authentic South Indian. I can't really comment on this, but I can give the taste and presentation a thumbs up! And for me that's what a mattered.

Prices are pretty reasonable. I ate here with a friend, with two courses and it cost us around 25.

Also note that its BYOB. This shouldn't be a problem as being near Tollcross there are several supermarkets (and actually a small grocers right next door).
Mezbaan is a sensational restaurant, serving authentic South Indian cuisine. 

Situated in the Tollcross area of Edinburgh, Mezbaan is just a short walk from the city centre and so it is a convenient place to reach, and with the outside of the restaurant painted a lovely bright maroon colour, it would be difficult to miss it. 

The Mezbaan menu offers a vast range of authentic South Indian dishes such as kebabs and dosa's (rich pancakes served with a filling). I came here for dinner several months ago with a friend and I had an absolutely beautiful meal. I had the mixed pakora's for a starter which were tasty, but my main course of Chili Beef was definitely something to write home about! The beef was cut into the tiniest slices and then fried along with peppers and onions in a chili sauce - yum! It was a pretty spicy meal, but definitely something that I would order again. 

The prices for the meals in Mezbaan are quite reasonable considering it is in the Tollcross area. The starters are priced at around five pounds and the main courses are more expensive at about ten to fifteen pounds - but the food is definitely worth it! 

Mezbaan also do takeaways and home deliveries which is incredibly handy so they get a big thumbs up from me!
mezbaan has a slightly upscale atmosphere. a bit o the pricier side but authentic and extremely great customer service! 

had the Naden Adu Curry which was absolutely amazing. the only downside is the price. for a cheaper fix for students I suggest the Kebab Mahal in Newington!
Dosa do or dosa don't? Dosa do, blates.

Haven't a clue what I'm on about? Then go to Mezbaan and order a dosa or two.

Ok so you might not put your faith and dining option based entirely on my review before knowing what you're in for. I went with a mixed group of people; some who had travelled South India and hadn't had a dosa since then, others who hadn't a clue what they were. I've recently learnt that there's a big difference between south and north Indian cooking. Most "Indian restaurants" you get here serve North Indian style - large curries and rice (food baby, food coma, nom but ooft).

Southern Indian cooking is, first off, a lot spicier and secondly they use a lot more bread and pancake-like ingredients rather than rice. Such as dosas: lentil and rice pancakes, stuffed with all sorts of delicious fillings. (see uploaded photo)

For want of another way to describe it, think crepes.They're kinda like that, but not. And the ones we got were considered SMALL. Apparently they can come twice as big.

So, they're tasty. Really tasty and much lighter than the traditional curry. And at Mezbaan anyway, they're cheap! 3 for a dosa? With a side of mango chutney (home-made and delicious) and some veg curry? And twice as filling as a sandwich that would cost probably a few quid more? Yes please.

I had the mushroom one that was nom. Everyone else had a masala dosa, made with potato and there wasn't a crumb left. And someone had the lamb dosa which was personally my favourite, with some really fresh, fragrant sweet basil. Totally getting that next time.

I also got to taste both the mango lassi and the almon and saffron lassi. The almond and saffron lassi came decorated with little strands of saffron that turned it yellow on top. It was certainly an acquired taste, as it wasnt too sweet, but did the perfect job at neutralising the spice. 

The main menu looked interesting too. Smaller tapas dishes with things like honey chicken (never seen before on an Indian menu). I think dosas might be one of my new favourite things, and rather than the odd dosa-thrown-in-for-good-measure that other Indian restaurnats might too, Mezbaan specialise in them. 

So, in summary, dosa do.
The food is good, but the service isn't and the venue is unlikely to impress. Is the food good enough to compensate for the shortcomings? Probably just about, but it's more of a quick dosa lunch place than an evening meal spot.

Overall, we said: "Mezbaan undoubtedly serves very tasty grub, but the overall restaurant experience feels a little odd. They definitely need to do something about the look of the place, as it feels unfinished. And given that the food they serve is likely to be at least somewhat unfamiliar to many of their customers, their service needs to be entirely more accurate and confident, as I won't be alone in seeking to rely upon recommendations from the waiters. Despite these shortcomings, I'd still recommend that you pay Mezbaan a visit, as their food is definitely worth the trip."
Sad to say I have to disagree with all the other reviewers about how great this place is.   the restaurant gets two points for the food but ive docked another because of my "lost umbrella" and ehh service. 
We went to the restaurant and they told us to come back in 15 minutes because they dont have any seats open. Ok, so we go to the bar next door, grab a drink and come back in 20 minutes.  Still no seat available. By this time, I'm super hungry and about to fall over. But we wait.  Another 20 minutes pass and FINALLY we get seated.

We ordered the overpriced thali and the salmon tikka., tomato rice and naan.  Naan was fine, salmon tikka was horribly fishy.  Thali was okay but wayyy overpriced.  Its  essentially a hodgepodge of different curries.   I mean $15.95 for all that?  And the tomato rice, dont get me staretd on that.  It tasted liek someone dipped all the rice into a vat of butter and handed to me on a plate. I am married to a south indian so i know whats good.  That was NOT good.  Naan was the only thing that was okay in my opinion and I saked for dry naan but again no one seemed to listen.  

The icing on the top was that we left our umbrella there and were clearly the last people in the restaurant. we call the restaurant to ask to pick it up and the guy said they didnt have it.  come on really? its only an umbrella.

Would i recommend to others? That would be ahem. NO.
There's only one thing you need to know about Mezbaan - they do cheap as chips (in fact, probably CHEAPER than chips) dosas for lunch or dinner. 2.95 for a dosa as long as your arm that keep you full till past dinner time. Seriously. Check out the photo I uploaded of that bad boy. 

What is a dosa, pray tell? A lentil and rice flour pancake stuffed full of yummy spiced goodness. I love the peppered lamb, and the chicken tikka is so flavourful. The most popular is the potato one, and mushroom is nice too.

So, for the same price or in fact cheaper than a pre-packaged, factory-prepared sandwich from Marks & Spencers (I'd wager they're around 4 right?) you can get a freshly cooked dosa for 2.99. 

And on the side of this dosa there is a little side of cococnut raita, and a little side of vegetable curry. I mean, really!

There's also a menu of tapas dishes, so plenty of options but again just smaller portions. The dosa isn't small though. And I think the one I ordered WAS the small, with a bigger option being available.

If you've never tried a dosa, go, try one, nom and be full.
Wow! Good food and cheapest lunch I've had in a long time. I had the lamb dosa that was massive and deliciously filling. I thought they were all tapas size so ordered a second, chicken/mango sauce, but when the samosa arrived I was realising I would have to ask for piggy bag. The place it self could do with a renovation at places - water damaged wall paper hanging off one wall - didn't really fit the otherwise rather posh table setting and ambience. Staff is very friendly and food comes out fast and fresh. A nice wee Indian place.
Semi-formal place
Cheap dosas were a delight
Service: not so fast
The dosas here are still 5 stars. But after a recent dinner here, I do have to amend my review slightly.

I'd only ever been for lunch before. The lunch menu has a much larger dosa menu, with at least 6 different vegetarian and 6 different meat dosas. These dosas are "smaller" and by smaller I mean the size of a small baby. They have lamb dosa, mushroom dosa, two types of chicken. So good. And only 2.99 for a potato dosa (masala dosa).

The dinner menu only has 6 dosas total, and the only meat options are chicken or prawn (small prawns at that). They are also 'bigger' and by big I mean the size of your entire body. SO big. Equally delicious, but I was really disappointed when I asked if I could see the lunch time dosa menu and they said it wasn't available. It was a quiet Monday night, and if they were making chicken tikka dosas I didn't see why a mushroom dosa would be out of the question.

The service was very proper, but a little confused. The girl who served us seemed very shy and unsure and had to re-check several times, and then took quite a while to take our order. But it was still nice, they were friendly and eager to please.

The restaurant itself is a bit worn and tired, and bizarrely posh looking. Very fancy, like out of the 80s / 90s attempts at being fancy. The floor, both myself and my dosa-date noticed, was beautiful. Old fashioned marble-esque black and white tiles. I do think the decor could do with an upgrade.

But the worst part was how cold it was. It was a cold January night outside and whilst the restaurant was warmer than outside, we both had to dine with our jackets on. And my toes were as cold as ice cubes by the time I left. And our food went cold very quickly. It really was far too cold to be comfortable to dine in.

I will still come here for the dosas, and the dosas alone. They are wonderful, quite authentic and unusual to any other Indian restaurant in Edinburgh.
You get a free glass of wine with 2 courses! - well yes you do!!

Tasty south indian food! My goodness its coconut heaven! Lovely food
Nice atmosphere and service was spot on !
Oh wow!  I can't believe no one else has reviewed this place yet!

I've been here twice and it was amazing both times.  R and his family have been going here for a while now and love the place.  We'll be back in Edinburgh in a week and there's a chance we might be having dinner here one night so I'll be writing an updated review soon since it's been two years since I've been here.  I'm hoping it's as good as I remember.  If memory serves, they make the most amazing Chicken Korma...wow my mouth is watering already!
The Khukuri is an excellent Indian restaurant which serves amazing food and has friendly, efficient service to match.  I came here with my flatmates late last year and we all thought it was great value for money considering what a good time we had.  The restaurant itself feels quaint and cosy with neatly laid out tables, relaxing decor and some of the most friendly staff you could ask for.  
The menu has an extensive range of authentic Indian dishes and prides itself particularly on the quality of its meat.  I went for the lamb Rogan Josh which had tender chunks of lamb in an aromatic and flavoursome sauce.  They also serve big, filling portions of rice to go with their main dishes.
We spent less than a tenner each when the final bill came which we all thought was excellent deal.  This place is definitely worth a look!
If I'd not eaten out again in town the night after I was here this past weekend I'd have thought I was maybe out of touch with prices through making use of deals and vouchers over the past few months. At 24 per head for only main courses (3 curries, 3 rice and one naan) and beers this was more than I'd paid in quite a while but it does seem to be out of the ordinary thankfully, at least when you're missing out both a starter and a dessert.


 No complaints about the food itself, or for that matter the service although the waiting staff did seem to have the odd problem understanding my German guests (both of whom have an excellent command of English) so they're maybe used solely to Edinburgh accents. I will not though be back here anytime soon.
The food is good and the staff true Nepalese, friendly and soft spoken. This brings me back to my time in Kathmandu
A nice little restauran tfor which I've never yet had to book a table.  Food good, service excellent and very reasonable.  The dishes are mostly indistinguishable from Indian food but the ocassional nice surprise on the menu.
A wee Nepalese place that never struck me as one worth trying till my team leader got us there twice for lunch, and how glad I was for his recommendation!!! 
The first time we had  l carte dishes, so I opted for the (very generous) lamb biryani, which I found only 2nd best for the variety I have tried in Edinburgh!! Some guys ordered the Nepalese beer named Khukuri  (Khukuri stands for the traditional Nepalese blade), and they were impressed of the gentle and refreshing taste it has (brewed in London). 
For our second visit we tried out the excellent lunch deal 7.95 for two courses or 8.35 for three (where the third dish is either a coffee or a simple home made dessert). You have quite a decent choice for main dish, and both the naan bread and chapati were very tasty! There was also a mouth-watering starter, Sekuwa, which you definitely need to try, grilled chicken with spices and an awesome sauce!! 
In both cases I had Mango Lassi, which helps balancing whatever spicy curry you will get (recommended over a beer!).
The service was very good in both cases, and the prices are very reasonable!

Now I need to decide what dish to try next!!!
I went here with a large party, and the staff treated us like royalty. They brought out a number of starter dishes so we did not have to choose everything by single person (even accommodating for the vegetarians). They also have such a variety of dishes that when it came time to order for 15 people, the staff were very patient.

The food was great, served with some Nepali beer, and a variety of rices and naan. The owner even gave us (all 15) a small desert on the house because we were celebrating a birthday. They even wrote out a card!

Overall the dining experience was great and matched the food as well. I highly enjoyed it.
I'm back in Edinburgh again for work.  I knew there were some pretty good Indian restaurants in Edinburgh, but never truly got a recommendation, so this was my first time at an Indian restaurant here.  This is a Punjabi restaurant, right off the Haymarket bus stop.  I took the bus from hotel to Haymarket stop, walked about 5 minutes, and found myself at this restaurant.

I had the Chicken Tikki Masala and the curried okra (Bhindhi).  One word: marvelous.  Served it with some rice and garlic naan.  Of course, this is basically the only dishes that I order at any Indian restaurant.  The portions were enough to fill me up...I had maybe a little leftover.  I have to admit that the okra was so good that no matter how full I was, I had to finish the dish because it was that great.

The interior of the restaurant was pretty nice.  It was a large restaurant, clean, with new furniture.  As soon as we entered, we were led to our table, chairs pulled out to sit down in.  

The only thing is, I smelled like the food when I left.  But, I've run into that with many different restaurants so it was not a big deal. 

So if you find yourself in Edinburgh one day, Indian food is pretty common and good.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
Looks pricey, but not too bad.  Great location, right in the Haymarket Area (look for the corner with the big "#1") About 10-12 GBP per plate.  They have a pretty average selection of Indian Punjabi cuisine and a lackluster selection of desserts (and booze).
I have this incredibly rude habit of walking past restaurants with large windows and glaring at the people eating. This is exactly what I did with Omar Khayyam and promptly told my boyfriend we had to try it. 

The restaurant is quite bright and spacious due to the large windows. Most Indians seem to feel dark and dingy, but not this one. The staff were very friendly and service prompt. The menu lists the usual Indian dishes you would expect, and there is a good selection. The price ranges up to around a tenner for a main, so it could get costly if you order a lot. I had a Biryani which came as a huge portion, it was so delicious I felt bad leaving half of it. The other half had a lamb Rogan Josh which he wolfed down as men do. I enjoyed the Poppadums, rice and naan bread that we had alongside it. I literally felt like if I was wearing a belt I would have to loosen to it.

This restaurant is only two minutes walk from Haymarket Station so ideal if you are going to and from the station. They offer a set lunch meal also which would bring the price done significantly and definitely fill you up until tea time.
I'm a bit of a spice pussy, so a korma will do me nicely thank you. But this korma is really good!! You can just tell it's going straight to your hips though, it's too creamy to be good for you.
My dad had a somewhat adventurous Bhuna, and loved it. He said the meat was cooked well (which is a surprise ) and the sauce was really tasty. 
All in all it was a good experience!! However the price was a but hefty, albeit with a bottle of wine!! It was a good experience though.
Omar Khayyam is a great Indian restaurant and although the prices are pretty steep, the food and service is excellent.  I came here with my parents last year and we all thought it was amazing with authentic Indian dishes ranging from marinated sea bass to chicken Tikka Masala.  I went for the Shami Kebab starter followed by the lamb Tikka.  They didn't take long at all to arrive and tasted great when they did.  All the meat which they use is of the highest quality and the lamb was tender with no chunks of fat or sinew whatsoever.  
Most mains cost at least 10 and side orders of rice or vegetables are about 3-4 each.  It's not a cheap meal, but the food, service and general ambiance all make the cost well worth it.
We are not the most at experienced Indian food but we were impressed with the taste and quality of Omar's food as well as the good service and value.
having left a rather atmosphere lacking whighams wine cellar, i made the short journey to the crossroads at haymarket where i was off to treat myself to a curry.  the crossroads are more a massive mess of ugly tram works, but omar khayyam is a beacon of chic and stylish light at what used to be a very busy traffic point.

on approaching the front door to the restaurant, i was warmly greeted by one of the servers who opened the inner door for me and showed me to a big table where i choose the comfy booth seat over the chair.  he also offered to hang my coat up, which i declined as i just folded it neatly and placed it on the bench beside me.  i arrived early, my date still on his way, but this didn't stop the waiter bringing me water, a glass of red wine, and poppadums with dips.

once my date had arrived and taken his seat, he was quickly approached by the ever efficient waiter and asked if he wanted a drink, to which he order a pint of kingfisher (they don't appear to have cobra here...) and was brought this seconds later.  we had a look at the menu, opting to just go for main dishes and add a side, using the poppadoms as our starter.  

after ordering our mains, we started in on the poppadums that were nice and crispy and accompained with three very tasty dips.  there was the regular mango chutney, which was a bit to sweet for me, a spicy raita, and the best spicy onions i've ever had!!  the onions were fresh, mixed with bits of tomato in a zesty and spicy sauce that made them the perfect topping for the crisp poppadums!  

our food arrived so quickly that we hadn't even finished the poppadums yet, but the waiter solved that problem by putting the remaining poppadum on top of the naan bread and leaving use with the dips.  now the main dishes...omg hello flavour explosion!!!  i ordered the punjabi karahi with chicken and this dish was the perfect blend of spices and curry and a chilli kick.  there was a really warming taste of cinnamon mixed in which just brought the dish to a five star review rating!  it was so good i ate all of it, even though i felt like i'd have to roll myself home!!

my date had the black pepper chicken, which i used some naan bread to dip in the sauce, i also found this dish very tasty and would be happy to order it next time i go.  we shared pilau rice, an onion naan, and a very tasty side of aloo palak (spinach and curried potatoes).  the only thing left after we devoured this incredibly delicious meal was a bit of naan that neither of us could fit into our overly full tummies.

so the food was outstandingly delish, but the service was also something to compete with!  the waiters seem to always be there with what you needed and everything was served so quickly, but they made us feel comfortable to linger over our meal and not be rushed out the door.  i also liked the hot towels they brought after clearing away the plates, these were proper hot towels not the lame wet tissue like ones you get in other places.  the restaurant also looks like it's recently been done up and the decor is all sumptious dark colours and clean lines.

clearly, i loved this place!!  i will definitely be making the extra journey to come here again for some more delicious curry delights!
Looks are deceiving. The restaurant looks quite expensive from the outside, and sitting smack bang in the centre of town you'd think prices would reflect its location. However, a decent meal will set you back less than 15 per head. The restaurant is large and well-kept; my last visit saw the tables packed. 

Varied selection of favourite curries on offer. All dishes ordered were destroyed in about fifteen minutes with lots of head nodding, so the grub definitely hits the spot. 

I suspect the desserts are bought in so I steered clear of them and opted for a mango lassi instead - delicious! 

Good option if you are looking for a half-decent curry that won't break the bank.
Meaning 'The Food Provider', Ann Purna certainly does provide on many levels.

Boasting itself as a vegitarian restaurant, but also preparing meat dishes, this traditional indian restaurant really blew me away. 

Having been persuaded to go by a vegetarian friend (which I am not), I was pleasantly suprised to be so impressed with the vegetarian dishes on the menu that I went for something totally meat free - why go for meat when any restaurant can do that? 
And to be honest, I'm really glad that i did go for the bahar-e-nau korma as it was delicious, a combination of carrots, potatoes and kashew nuts.

Service was excellent, and over all the meal was cheaper than I had expected.
Wandered in here my last night in Edinburgh a few weeks ago, not really knowing what to expect.  The UK in general is full of great Indian restaurants so I was excited to be trying some out.  Of course I didn't pay attention to the sign that read "The Finest Indian Vegetarian Gujarati Cuisine", and seeing how I love my meat, I did not have high hopes.

Boy was I surprised!  The food was absolutely incredible.  My parents and I shared several dishes: Matar Reiggna, Bahar-E-Nau Korma, Ann Purna Baingan, a side of Sindhri Batata, along with some roti.  Every dish exploded with flavor and the portions were nicely sized.  

Gujarati is a province in northwest India that is known for it's vegetarian cuisine and I was very happy to try some excellent authentic food from the region.  The servers were all very friendly and happy to explain all of their interesting foreign dishes to us Americans.

If ever in Edinburgh, definitely check it out!
I got dragged in here by a vegetarian friend of mine, against all my principles (I'm definitely a meat person). I'm glad she coerced me into it though, the food was absolutely amazing and made me eat my words about how it would be boring and bland.

Humble pie fully swallowed, my smug-looking friend and I had their lunchtime buffet which costs 5.95 for all you can eat. Unlike a lot of indian places offering cheap buffets like this, the food was really well cooked to the same standard that you'd expect if you'd ordered  la carte.

The service was really friendly too, and we didn't have to think twice about whether or not we were going to leave a tip. And I'll definitely be heading back. Although next time I'll be trying one of the few meat options I spied on their main menu. 

Long story short? Even if it were a 100% veggie restaurant, it's that good that even the most carnivorous types will be suitably impressed. As it's not, you have absolutely no excuse not to give it a go...
I finally visited Ann Purna the other night. As a vegetarian, I'm really glad there are so many vegetarian restaurants in Edinburgh, especially a few more affordable ones. 

I've noticed some strange comments for some of the veggie restaurant reviews around Edinburgh. Some comment about the fact that despite the fact they eat meat they enjoyed a meat free meal, as if they are surprised that the addition of meat doesn't magically make something taste nice. The other common point made is that they DIDN'T enjoy a vegetarian restaurant because it had no meat in it. It's sad that a restaurant can't be evaluated in its own terms, we don't review an Italian saying "well I usually eat only Thai food so this Italian was a bit crap". I assume that even reviewers who claim they can't live without eating meat don't judge their morning toast by its absence of beef.

So let me say that Ann Purna is a restaurant that serves great food irrespective of its absence of meat. If anything this proves just how flavourful, nutritious and filling vegetarian food can be. Apparently they do serve some meat dishes when requested, but this seems pointless.

So yeah, I thought the food here tasted great. My girlfriend and I ordered a sweet, coconut flavoured, creamy dish which brilliantly complemented another savoury, tomato based aubergine curry. Along with the saffron rice (which remember you have to order separately as its not included in the price of the curry), this meal was satisfying. It was a little higher than average price wise, when you take into account the curry, the rice, and probable bread, poppadoms or side dishes. All in all expect to pay around 12-15 for a not too extravagant but filling meal.

As for service, it was a bit of a let down. The staff were very welcoming but we had a bit of strange experience while ordering. The waiter seemed overly keen to get us to order a starter we just didn't want. He then insisted we ordered a side dish. We already wanted poppadoms, and when they arrived, it came with a range of chutneys to try. "Great" we thought "complimentary dips". Only when we looked at our bill we discovered it wasn't complementary at all. They had seemingly brought us something and charged us without a word! To makes things stranger, they also deducted two of our poppadoms which actually WERE complimentary- only they cost much less than the 3 they charged us for the chutney without telling! I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt and say they messed up, otherwise this was pretty unacceptable. You don't want a homely "student friendly" restaurant to rip you off. I look forward to revisiting and finding out!

This experience however couldn't detract from the excellent food. It was so good it's inspired me to be more adventurous with my own curry in future! As I mentioned before, I found the food filling. As someone with a big appetite this isn't often the case. I thought the portions looked small at first, but they didn't feel small after! The creamy dishes are especially filling.

Definitely recommended, just double check your bill.
"The best Indian Vegetarian Food" the sign outside proudly proclaims. I admit, when I eat Indian food (or any food for that matter) 60% of the time it involves meat, every time. (I recently went on a Will Ferrel movie binge, sorry for the awful references...)

Back on track. So basically, my reference point for other vegetarian indian food is limited. But I can say I adored the food here. Even the dips for our popadoms (there were 6 of them, swish) were lovely. I ordered the fried, baked aubergine curry and split 50/50 with my neighbour the other aubergine dish which was served chopped with nuts. Of the two I prefered the one that was served with nuts as the aubergine was in big chunks, whereas with the other you couldn't really taste the texture of the aubergine. I also tried the aloo gobi (potato curry) and it was amazing. 

The thing that struck me was that each curry sauce had a completely different flavour, and you could really see the different spices in it. There wasn't a tikka masala, jalfrezi, or rogan josh in sight. Basically, this was authentic Indian cuisine.

Quite a lot of the dishes were also vegan, which was a big plus as the birthday girl we were dining with happened to be so. The only downer is none of the desserts were vegan (including the pineapple, mango and payaya. This confused me slightly.)

The house white wine was also very nice, which is a plus.

The only reason I'm holding back that fifth star is that it was -10 outside that night,a nd the restaurant was really quite cold. Indian food is hot, warming, fragrant and it needs to be complimented by a hot, bustling interior. Sadly, whilst not exactly outdoor temperatures, it was pretty cold. My food cooled quickly as a result, and my toes went numb. Hmm.

For authentic, good Indian food (not "British" indian), even the sworn meat-eaters like myself won't fail to be disappointed. Friendly service too!
Sometimes when you want Indian food, you don't know exactly what dish your tummy is asking for, so the answer of course is The Indian Lunch Buffet.  

My first visit to Ann Purna was a smashing success.  I was on my own, so had plenty of time for (too) many visits to the food table!

The pakora starters were fresh and crispy, with the vegetables as the star, not the batter.

They offer a small selection of main dishes, and to be honest, when I took my first look at them, I was prepared to be underwhelmed.  The sauces looked watery and they seemed to have some vegetable combos I didn't recognize (although as a Anglo my vegetarian Indian cuisine knowledge is somewhat limited).

However, the food was simply wonderful.  My favorite was what I think was a saucy variation of aloo gobi, it was deliciously sweet, creamy & spicy.  The lentil dal (which I usually don't care for) was a great excuse for more basmati & naan, which was fresh and puffy from the oven.

I was early for lunch (just before noon), and sat and read while the buffet was prepared.  I think it was ready to go between 12:15 & 12:30.  I ate so much I didn't want supper later that evening, so it was a good value for me :)

What a great location in St. Patrick's Square; easy to get to from the city centre and the university, and about a mile walk home for me.
I've been here twice (pre and post makeover) and the food is divine.

A little different from most places as it is vegetarian, but the food is so good you won't even think about the lack of meat dishes.

Recommended.
Sometimes with Yelp you can get a bit carried away with the idea of a place that the reality can let you down. It wasn't really the case, although I think I would shy away from describing the food here as incredible, but it at the same time, extremely good - and what is more, entirely up my vegetable-strewn street.

As I was incapable of making a decision on such an aubergine-heavy menu (oh how I love you so), and the boy lost without meat options, we chose both thali options, to get a few different taste sensations. As we did - with a green pea, aubergine and potato dish coming out on top for us, followed by chickpea and potato as well as a mixed vegetable bhaji (?). The rice was perfumed with spices, the chapattis burning hot from the oven. I wasn't blown away by the samosas or pakoras, and found the dhal lacking in flavour, but overall, the quality of food was high. 

Have to give a nod to the service as well, very friendly and pleasant to be around. There was an introduction to some of the dishes on our plates when they arrived, glasses of water part way through and offerings of complimentary drinks at the end, which we were too stuffed to accept. 

I will also note that although I did enjoy the poppadoms (had more flavour than others I have tried) and the multitude of chutneys - a fiver for the pleasure was much too high - as noted by a reviewer for another restaurant, there is a large markup on puffs of air, and I definitely experienced that last night, and we paid nearly eight quid on one beer and a fresh orange and lemonade, which also seemed rather steep to me. I have to note though, prices for the rest of the meal seemed much more reasonable, but it will be sometime to remember for my next visit.
It was busy on a Saturday when I was there so service was slow. I tried to overlook the fact that the table beside us were served before us even though they arrived after us. The food was fine, nothing special. I like when you are automatically given a jug of water in an Indian restaurant but it took quite a while to get any water when we asked for it. We paid our bill and then finished up our drinks. As we walked out of the restaurant we were called back by two waiters and accused of not paying for our meal. I won't be in a hurry to return!
OMG! What a terrible experience. We picked this restaurant by chance and so many things went wrong - here's a detailed report.

It showed from the very beginning. I and my friend were given a seat and menu on a set table for four. During browsing, the waiter removed the things from the two other seats as it should, but he also took our empty wine glasses without even asking if we are taking wine.

Well, we ordered a thalli  (15pounds) which included a started and also a side (accompanying) portion each. The waiter asked if we want a poppadom and accepted (he did not tell us the price). I asked for a wine list, but the had only local wine (3.50pounds/glass). We also wanted a jug of water. We got served 2 glasses of water with ice, and the  glass of wine very quickly, and an acceptable 10 mins later the poppadom arrived.  It was very thin and breaks in small pieces, so I am not sure if it was the way it should be. Two poppadoms came with 7 sauces.

My friend drank her glass of water and ask twice for a jug of water but was in vain. I had to stand up by the bar and ask it specifically, and then it was served.

In the meantime some new diners came along and took a seat beside us. 45mins passed after finishing our poppadom and we have not yet been served. I drank my wine already. Then we saw two thali dishes coming - at last we said! but! they were served to the diners who came after us beside us. We kindly pointed out the issue, and the waiter said ours is coming soon, "no problem'!.  The diners besides us apologized (even if they had not to - but they were British) After 5-10 minutes the waiter brought two large plates (we started to wonder why)?!  Then 5 mins after a single thali dish

We asked were is the other one? The waiter disappeared and ignored us. We realized the two plates are for sharing so we called the head-waiter (a indian with a green T-shirt) and after consulting with the waiter (who was kind inexperienced and not focused) he said it is coming because the waiter took an order of 1 instead 2. My friend who was Scottish was complaining and stood up to leave away, so the waiter said he will give the 2nd thali for free to compensate the mistake.

Being so hungry, and did not want to waste time during sat night at the fringe we accepted, so we shared the first one, and then 10mins after the second one arrived. While eating the second thali, we realized that there should have been a starter included. So we asked the neighbouring diners (who took the same thali) and confirmed they did had a starter. So there we go for another complaint and the waiter replying its "OK" I bring it now. (=5 more mins) and so we ended eating the starter at the end of the main course.

Then we just wished to leave asap and asked for the bill. It was a notepad page with the price in barely legible red ink, except the final price which was 46GBP. I realized he did not gave the 2nd thali for free, so again went personally for complaining, and he said oh yes sure then its 32pounds. Then still, on the way out we were asing if the price of 32 was right was a poppadom, wine, thali and 2 side portions, and jug of water (perhaps we were charged for this)??  

By the way, I forgot to tell you that from the two side portions only one came. Vegetables with spices: = few shredded lettuce, a sliced tomato, 2 rings of cucumber and cinnamon the only spice (yck!)

Actually we got a chat with the neighbour diners who were sorry for us and told us that they have been here 2 months ago and was very good, but now the management changed and they also did not liked the long waiting.   

That was my experience, so you can judge for your future considerations
The Raj seem to always have an offer of 1983 prices. They certainly are reasonable. It's a nice restaurant which actually has a cinema at the back. The windows look out over the Water of Leith and at night it's a very cosmopolitan outlook. They do a green chicken dish which has to be seen to be believed. I've even been there for Christmas dinner and that was smashing.
The Raj is a long established Indian restaurant and takeaway in the shore area of Leith. I tried it out for the first time a few weeks ago after they put a menu through my door, proof that direct marketing works sometimes. The deal was that you could order any two curries, two rice, nan, poppadoms and two beers for 16.50, this is ridiculously good value and you would be hard pushed to find anywhere else that could better it. We drove down to collect the meal, so I was able to have a look inside the restaurant too. It is perhaps in need of a bit of an update, but still looked like a pleasant enough place to have a meal and the view outside over the water made Leith look like Amsterdam (meaning very pretty, not full of prostitutes!). The food was tasty and the lamb in my Gosht Hindustani was good quality and not sinewy or fatty. Next time I fancy a curry, I'll give the Raj a ring.
I cannot sing this restaurant's praises enough.  I can truly say, hand on heart, my favourite Indian restaurant that I've ever been to - anywhere!!!  I've been here many times and have never not enjoyed or even been disappointed with any of the dishes I've eaten.  The flavours and spice combinations that explode in your mouth during each bite is spectacular - truly a pleasure.  

What are you waiting for?  Go now...
This restaurant is at the Corner of my street at is a convenient  place for a little bite to eat. Staff are nice but the price is to much for the quality you reserve. Not the best Indian meal I have ever had. It is a bit dated and its reputation is better than in reality.
Wouldn't tell people not to go but there are better Indian restaurants close by.
My boyfriend and I had been attempting to cut down on the number of takeaways we were eating, and had been doing so well... until last night when laziness and a desire for curry overcame us and we ordered from The Raj.  We'd not ordered before, but being Leith residents had walked by a few times and had heard of 'Curry In A Hurry' so thought we'd give it a go, and set to choosing what we wanted from the leaflet pushed through our letterbox a couple of weeks ago.

The deal advertised on the front is for two curries (chicken, lamb or veg), two rice, a naan, poppadoms and two 'free' beers for 18.95 - pretty decent. It doesn't specifiy any further than that, but it would appear that despite ordering two chicken curries (Sag and Pasanda), two rice (albeit one of them Pilau), a naan (Peshwari) and poppadoms we obviously didn't qualify for the discount! Perhaps our tastes in rice and naan meant we were disqualified - it would be a better idea for the leaflet (and the website, I checked) to specify what rice and naan were included... Our total was 23 (which was about 60p more than I'd calculated off the menu....).

The rice was fine, although the container wasn't completely full like most are, and the curries were decent. The sag was nicely spicey, and my boyfriend said he'd be happy to order the pasanda again. And most importantly to a poppadom fiend  like myself, the poppadoms were absolutely fine (is it possible to get a truly excellent poppadom? I don't know, but you can certainly get bad ones).

I can't say anything was particularly outstanding, and it's annoying to find out when the delivery arrives that you have to pay 4 more than the advertised deal... but the food was okay and delivery was prompt (though not quite as swift as the half an hour I was told on the phone). We may well order again, but with so many Indians to choose from we'll probably keep trying to find 'The One'.
I've been to The Raj a few times since moving to leith 5 years ago and always thought it was ok. I went last month however and it was just a bit tired. No one there really seems to care about the business, which saddens me as it's a lovely spot with some unique stuff about it.

The portions aren't particularly big, for the price you pay certainly, and none of the food really delighted me. I hope things improve before long!
My local takeaway and very hit or miss!

The prices are excellent for what you get and although I've yet to have a *bad* meal from here, there is really absolutely no consistency to their offering.

I'm a pretty simple gal when it comes to my tastes with Indian food and although I'll occasionally wander off piste I more often than not order the same thing. As such I've had a pretty good litmus test over the past year for that lack of consistency - sometimes my chicken passanda is lovely and creamy with a thick sauce that's just made for dipping naan bread in, and sometimes it's incredibly watery and soupy.

Likewise, the peshwari naan wobbles about from divine to woeful. On a good day the inside will be beautifully coated, bright orange and so flavoursome you almost don't want to dip it in anything, whereas other times it looks like they just threw some dessicated coconut inside as an afterthought.

A lot of this seems to be down to the day of the week, with weekends having the stronger serving, but I really wish they could just nail this all week round.

Although I've ordered takeaway from the Raj, I doubt I'd ever choose to have a sit down meal there. The decor is incredibly tired and a bit grubby. It's not often very busy either which does bring the ambiance down a little. It could probably do with some background music to try to perk the place up a bit.

They could also do with installing a till system. They simply tot up your order using a menu and a calculator and I don't think I've been quoted the same price for the same meal more than once!

In summary, amazing food at weekends and a fab price, but pretty woeful otherwise.
my favorite study break over-eating place or post-pint feast site.

kebabs are great
the mushroom and lamb curry is amazing

you will likely have tummy issues after but it's worth it
cheaper than most places around-
i miss you. a lot. im glad that when i get back all the tourists will be gone and we can rekindle our love.

i will ask for a chicken tikka masala. and i will carress and love it before inhaling it and licking the plate.

please behave while im gone
Awesome - even though I wasn't too adventurous with tikka masala (which is my gold standard to compare others to), it was fantastic.  Service was excellent and the price was just right.
fantasies of you are inspiring me to finish my phd proposal that will be the only hope of our reunion. 

please don't change. except maybe you could get more tables. and do delivery. and revamp the toilets. 

but nothing else.

 if i don't get accepted, or funding,  i will be your US rep and together we will conquer a country of generally mediocre indian food. 
xxoo
I am addicted to this place. I go twice a week. Every week. I can't believe they don't deliver. They won the Best Curry Award for 2009
Hands-down my favourite Indian place in Edinburgh.  The lamb bhuna is amazing.

Aside from near-perfect food, the atmosphere is nice, and the owner is a very gracious man who is eager to take care of his patrons.

I miss eating there, and it will be atop my list of eateries when I return to the 'Burgh.

And if you haven't tried it, their Baklava is the best I've ever had, and only about a quid per piece.
Decadent.

Sumptous.

Mouth-watering.

Exquisite.

Superlatives really do struggle to adequately describe just how good the food is at Kebab Mahal. While their kebabs are approximately one million times better than the sweat soaked doners you'll find in 3am joints, it's the curries that really take the biscuit. Quite simply, they are the best I've ever eaten. 

Talking about them doesn't do them justice, you simply have to try one for yourself.
I've only been to Kebab Mahal once and that was the first night after I moved into my new flat last summer.  Four of us turned up and waited for about five minutes for a table because it was well beyond maximum capacity as it was so busy.  I ordered the lamb balti with rice and a naan and we were eventually seated.  The atmosphere is particularly special as it is ethnically diverse with cool music and amazing smells wafting from the kitchen.  It was a very fortunate thing that it had a good atmosphere because we literally waited for about an 45 minutes for our food arrive, but when it did it was well worth it.  
The lamb was good quality with virtually no sinuous or fatty bits amongst it and the flavour of the sauce was delicious.  It was seriously spicy, but my flatmate ordered the chicken madras which blew my head off after just a mouthful and he was literally dripping with sweat after about five minutes of eating it. 
Kebab Mahal serves authentic Indian food at relatively cheap prices and is definitely worth a visit for an amazing dinner any night of the week.  As the name suggests they specialise in kebabs and, although I haven't tried them myself, they're meant to be incredible.
I had heard amazing things about this kebab house, but not being a kebab lover myself  I didn't know how to judge it. I was surprised at how tasty the meat was - I didn't think the huge chunk of meat on the spit looked appetizing until it was sliding down my throat.

I must admit I've only been once and it was following a rather liquid lunch, but I'll be back and explore the menu further....but so far so very, very good!
Helllllllllllllllllo kebab mahal......you tryin to make me fat??? so goood...one day i'll come to this restaurant not be able to leave the food is so bang on!
Damn, I thought this place was a secret. 

This place is what Yelp was made for. If you did not know - you would probably would not bother. 

This place is no secret to folks who love decent curries. Lots of regulars from the local Indian community to be found here and always some student newbies, occasionally with American accents. 

Mister Khan is really nice fellow and his friends in the back make tremendous curries. You could just wander in here and get a kebab or some pakora. However, the folks who know will sit in the back, get yourself a lovely beverage (no alcohol served - like all of the best Indian restaurants) and enjoy the fabulous curries. The portions are immense and the curries and breads are always well made.  

Finally, when you leave the price will startle you. It is stupidly low priced. 

Wouldn't it be great if all of the places that looked Kebab Mahal were this good. A nasty looking off-license with a security screen had some lovely Chimay or Gambrinus in the beer chiller? Or a cheap cafe that served the greatest breakfast ever? 

So, I told you - yeah it is great - now don't spoil it.
The curries are so hot in this place that even the onion bhajis were too hot for me! Really cheap, great curry if you can take the heat. Good for both take out and eating in, but it's quite small.
Excellent curry in a family run establishment with a total of six tables.  

The service is quick and the food is great.  We had chicken tikka masala (excellent) and lamb bhuna (very good). 

Thank you, Yelpsters, for a great tip.
Great for a quick lunch. So tasty. Best kebabs in Edinburgh. Service a bit slow but hey, it's busy for a reason. Small spot- not great for a large group.
large portions, good prices, and it tastes great. If you are looking for a good curry or kebab, then this is your place. I can't imagine there's a better place in all of Edinburgh. Cheap and casual.
It would be easy to mistake Kebab Mahal for just another place that sells processed shaved meats, its unassuming and dated appearance not doing it any favours however the old saying is true - one should not judge a book by it's cover...

The food is excellent - from the mild rich and creamy chicken tikka masala to the more spicy madras or vindaloo which have a good balance of heat and flavour and real kebabs. The only thing ever to take me by surprise is that the chicken pakora is on the bone - delicious but something to be aware of.

To sum up, yes it can be very busy, is small and looks dated however if you want good food at a good price Kebab Mahal is one of the best places to get a curry in Edinburgh and I for one hope it never changes.
I would call this little gem one of Edinburgh's hidden secrets: although judging by all the positive comments on here perhaps it's not that well hidden? From the outside it looks like a ropey kebab shop, but step inside and you'll be treated to some of the best Indian food in town. The naan breads are big soft pillows and the currys are bursting with flavour (yes, even the korma!)
I am currently, as I type this, the very proud parent of a food baby which I named after it's daddy - wee Mehal. It's been less than a few hours since I had my first Kebab Mehal meal and one I'll remember for a long while yet. All the reviews on Yelp are true, it's simply fantastic.

I feel I can't add much to what has already been said. Sometimes on Yelp you find a business that has some 3 star, some 5 star reviews. Some people adore it, some people are impartial, and occasionally someone disliked it. But Kebab Mehal, reading through the others, is certainly 'one size fits all' in the best way possible (if your size consists of elastic-waisted relaxi pants, it helps).

It looks like nothing on the outside. Or rather, it looks like every other kebab shop you see. And there are a lot of kebab shops in Edinburgh that are in equal parts kebab shop and pizza / chip, only frequented after 1am when under the influence. In this respect, do not judge this book by its cover.

Inside it is plain, a diner, a bit scaffy (not a criticism, just the way it is). But smells that greet you, oh and the sight of those freshly made poppadoms and pakoras. The menu is simple, there is no *signature dish*. It's just, all of it is brilliant. 

As Charles says, it's family run. The owner / manager (?) was very friendly, the service prompt although certainly no frills. ALl I'll say is, the food is amazingly good Indian. No runny sauces, tough meats. Instead fresh breads, super spicy dips, hot-off-the-grill lamb. The vegetable biryani, with a side serving of biryani sauce, was loaded with, well veg. There's also pools of that ghee-oil at the end which comes back to haunt you, but you don't even care. It was that good.

Definitely not a 'meal out' type place, if you're going on a fancy date, or a family meal. You come in from the cold at 3pm on a freezing January day, you keep your coat on whilst you eat, you stay half an hour and savour the food. Or you come at night after a dance class, still sweaty faced, and refuel on the tastiest carbs around. It's no nonsense, but delicious, and I think I'm a little bit in love.
I live almost around the corner from the Kebab Mahal and I loveeeeeeee it.

There really isn't that much more to say that's not been said before. I'm very, very picky about my doner kebab (that's how we write it in Dutch, shut it) and I love what they do here. They just can't do a thing wrong, if you ask me. 

Their meat is absolutely delicious, their wraps are gorgeous and the dressings are good and proper the way they SHOULD be. It's the one place that makes me feel at home in Edinburgh. Pop in, especially after a late night out, this place will make you very happy indeed.
Right, so after my last review of Kebab Mahal, I decided that I was hungry. So I went back to Kebab Mahal, of course!

This time I went for the lamb-curry something I hadn't tried before and, being Indonesian and curry-prone myself, I think I died of bliss.

I shuffled in, holding my stomach, bent over and clearly in the final stages of hunger-pains. After having placed my order and being greeted by almost all of the friendly clientele and staff the curry arrived. A light opened up above me, trumpets sounded, a harp was gently plucked. And I may or may not have taken a nose-dive into the curry.

Look, I'm sensitive to heat and so this burnt my throat and mouth to a point of angst-ridden pain but it was soooo good that despite the pain, I couldn't stop eating. (My fault for trusting them when they said there were very few chillies in there, "almost none").

What am I saying? I'm saying get your bee-hinds over here and have ye some curry! Doesn't get better, really doesn't, and they're so incredibly friendly. As a matter of fact, why .. I do believe it's almost lunch-time .... muahhahaha
We made a beeline here after the rave reviews and, forewarned, we weren't expecting a fancy place. Maybe it was because we were looking forward to it so much that our expectations were somewhat dimmed. The food was generally average, we felt. My Vindaloo was spicy enough but the meat was a bit tough and, temperature-wise, could've done with being hotter. The naan was not great and didn't seem fresh or have that "just cooked" fluffiness. Service was adequate, but slow, as there was a steady stream of people picking up takeouts. You help yourself to soft drinks from a chiller at the back. The prices were reasonable. Sorry, other lovers of this place, but Mother India is miles better (and not a lot more expensive) so we'll be sticking to that, or Kebabish.
Why oh why have you led so far astray yelp!?  This hole in the wall restaurant was to be a great secret delicious place, instead it turned out that it was a filthy hovel with terrible starch to fill the belly.  Waiters with foul yellow stains from their own food eating misadventures, meat sitting in unrefridgerated counters and a dining room that resembled the boiler room from a b horror film.  The food was not cheap in comparison to some amazing restaurants we enjoyed at lunch such as mussel and steak just a short walk away. I know this is supposedly a good place for university students but I would gladly go back to Ramon noodles and fluorescent Mac and cheese.  They seat you at a dingy table while you contemplate running out before someone notices you and then man with a untucked shirt with stains and an unkempt beard asks for your order. The smell of stale food and dry spices fill the nostrils and then the food arrives. Rice that's lukewarm and veggies straight from the freezer in spices to hide the freezer burn taste. Singed bread that is cool as well and soon you wonder if all they have in the kitchen is a freezer, a toaster and an old microwave. The bill is not printed out but rather shown to you on a calculator... Hmm I wonder why... Do yourself a favor and call the health inspector on this Burke and Hare show they call an Indian restaurant. Run
Es la mejor comida India que he probado. Es un garito cutre llevado por una familia pero,la comida es absolutamente deliciosa y abundante. Vale la pena!
Tasty food for a reasonable price.  Not the nicest venue however if I lived in Edinburgh I would frequent this place for sure.
This is just a tiny place run by a few guys, but it gets packed and is well worth squeezing in. We had some fantastic samosa to start, then dove into tikka masala and lamb bhuna, both of which were amazing. Price was shockingly reasonable, cheap even. Hard not to love.
Tipsy and craving some delicious nighttime kebab?  Kebab Mahal will be there for you with a delicious doener filled with greasy meat, drippy sauces, and garlic breath the next morning.  Kinda grotty and not the absolute best doener place in Edinburgh, but it will forever hold a special place in my heart (and likely my arteries).
Do not judge a book by its cover. And certainly do NOT judge Kebab Mahal by its appearance! 

It will reward you with one delightful indian food experience. From the chicken tikka karahi to lamb tikka bhuna, every plate is delicious and generous on  the size. Accompanied with a couple of nans and you have an unforgettable ethnic feast! Our meal ended with a baklava and a kataifi which was equally delicious and we hardly reached a 24 bill. 

Best Indian in Edinburgh for sure, and if you know the cardinality of the set "Indian restaurants in Edinburgh", that says a lot.
I'm sad this place is so well known I thought it was my friends and I , are own little secret ,but since the cat is out of the bag I am Yelping it. This place is hands down the best Curry shop in the whole city. It's the perfect little hole-in-the-wall and when I first walked by it I took one look at it and KNEW this place was going to be good. My Saudi friend then took my here and I was hooked! I was ready to come wash dishes in exchange for food! What can I recommend? All of it seriously , but the creme of the crop is....Chicken Tikka Masala. The creamy sauce with the melt in your mouth chicken ....drool..... Sooooooo good. The owner is the kindly Gentleman with the big white beard so if you see him tell him how wonderful his food is and his establishment ,because I always always see him working there and all that hard work has paid off to blossom this place into the best curry this side of India or Pakistan hands down!
I do not get the hype here. The food was at best average. It is not a hole in the wall... And it is definitely not fast food. It is just a mediocre restaurant. The food was SO oily that I am pretty sure it seeped through our plastic bag. We ordered the mixed vegetable curry, the mushroom bhaji and the tarka dhal. I honestly could not taste much as my mouth was coated in oil. We also waited 20 minutes and watched 8 people who came in after us get their take away before us and get served before while sitting down. No explanation, no apology for how long it took and the fact that we got frog-jumped by everyone and their mothers. The lamb kebab was ok, but coming here was my biggest regret of our trip.
Erm.... This place is amazing. 

I've heard about the Kebab Mahal on the Edinburgh grapevine for years. But for some reason I never felt the need to go there. But now I always feel the need to go there. Because the food is fantastic. And oh, so cheap. 

This is not a posh restaurant. Oh no. It's formica tables and stools and weird items stuffed up the back of the room. There's even two parts to the place, separated by a proper wall and accessible only by going outside and entering another main door. This is what I like to call personality. 

Me and my other half had an incredible meal here, in the completely separate restaurant from everyone else. We ordered a starter of onion bhajis (three arrived the size of steering wheels) followed by a veritable feast of Indian main courses. I opted for two sides and a naan to keep me filled and the bloke opted for a main course, rice, naan and a side. 

We couldn't finish it all and took the rest home. All that wonderful food only came to 26. And the service was good too - our waiter was pleasant and we even helped him shift some tables to accommodate us. 

It felt like a mad family meal - will absolutely, definitely, totally be back for more. Long live Kebab Mahal!
I loved the food here. As they say dont judge the book by the cover, dont judge this place by the looks and the board which boasts pizza and doner kebab on it. The food is good authentic indian and tandoori food cooked brilliantly and is cheap.

The service is friendly and of course extra friendly for me as I could speak the language :-) The saag panner was excellent as was the bhindi masala. The samosa was spicy and the rotis were huge.

Tried the special tea and raas malai for dessert and it was excellent. In fact the dessert was the favourite part of my meal. All up with three courses it was 30 quid for two to have dinner including drinks. Not bad for what was a big meal. 

I would drop in here regularly if I could :-)
Need a cheap meal, then this is the place to go! Great sized curry for 4 -5- was yummy too. Super unfriendly and unhelpful staff though. Cleanliness of the place was a bit gross. Our table hadn't  been wiped and floors looked like they hadn't been mopped in a year!
On our (me and hubby) two day visit to Edinburgh, this was one of the best finds. A hole in the wall kinda restaurant, seems to be very busy and dishes out absolutely lip smacking dishes with ease. We had been to Kebab Mahal twice and both the times we loved the food. If you are one of those people who prefer posh restaurants over good food, then my friend this place is not for you. This place looks more like a fast food joint but but but.... the food is nothing like fast food. The two times we were here we tried the shammi kebab, chicken tandoori, chicken bhuna, kharahi murgh accompanied with super yummy tandoori garlic naan. All the dishes including the naan was absolutely delicious. At the end after you have stuffed yourself with these goodies, if you still have any room left for dessert do try the baklava. Best baklavas i have ever tasted. We also tried the almond cake which was also yummmm. Delicious food, excellent service and warm & welcoming staff = awesome gastronomic experience.
This place has PHENOMENAL Indian food. It's true to the culture and very authentic. Try it and you'll be blown away.
I must agree with the first reviewer, sensational indian. I would have given it 5 stars had the dudes working there at least cracked a smile...I've been there at least 10 times and not even a twitch. Great food though and only do takeaway.
They've jumped a to a stellar 5 stars... not because the food rose to another level as I really don't think it possible, being top of the Indian taste ladder as they are, but because...wait for it, I managed a joke with the guy behind the counter!!! Finally! 

Wonders never cease and the Delta Indian Takeaway is No.1!!!
I received (and binned) a whole lot of spam and flyers when I moved into my new flat, but made a point to save at least one of the following: internet offers, pizza places, Indian take-outs and Italian restaurants.

The name of this Indian restaurant in the West End definitely caught my attention, and the flyer was so fancy I felt the food couldn't be that bad. Other than being a restaurant, they're definitely marketing themselves as a home delivery take-out. The menu consists of pakoras and samosas as starters, quite an extensive list of curries, many manyyyy side dishes and the typical rice and bread accompaniments. 

I've only had home delivery with the Indian Cavalry Club; I deviated from my usual chicken korma and tried the fried paneer (it's fried cottage cheese!) with pasanda curry... a bit unusual at first, but it was quite good! I've had a little peek at the restaurant itself, an elegant looking place and I hope to eat there soon. As for now, I'll be on the lookout for some slightly cheaper indian take-outs for home delivery, despite the fact that there are TWO Indian restaurants withing 200m of my flat!
This place is supposedly the best place to get curry in Edinburgh. Being a big curry fan (I'm a man who drinks beer and watches football, of course I love curry) I thought it'd be worth checking out. Luckily, I have friends who have birthdays and also like curry. So we went on one of said friend's birthdays.

Now I love making curry myself. Properly, not from a jar (I get my spices from Kamco on South Clerk St., you should go - the samosas there are amazing), and I like to think I'm a bit of a dab-hand at curry. So I'm rarely impressed when I go out for one. 

This place just seemed to get everything wrong. First of all, we had to take out a mortgage to pay for it. Overpriced?! That's not the word. Rip-off. When you're paying upwards of 25 a head for curry you expect something pretty special. It was OK, but it definitely wasn't special. It was too salty for a start. And the waiters were rude and unhelpful. They seemed to think they were above me, which irked me. I'll not ever be going back, and now I owe Northern Rock a fortune.
Best Indian food I've ever eaten... service was slow but good. Would highly recommend this to anyone that likes Indian!
Super resto indien, et je pense tre assez difficile... Cadre chic, pas loin du centre, service correct, bon rapport qualit-prix, trs bons currys, bonnes sauces menthe et mangue... Top !
We were in Edinburgh for a few days and staying at the Caledonian Waldorf Astoria hotel, which is only a few mins walk from this restaurant.  

We wanted to have a nice Indian meal, and decided to give this place a try.  That was where we went wrong.

The concierge at the hotel called ahead for us.  When we arrived at the restaurant, we were seated in the front room.  Restaurant is simple and classy looking, and it was only about 1/2 full.

We were given menus, and ordered drinks right away... While we were placing our food order, the drinks arrived.  Out of our party of 4, one person only wanted water... And a few of us asked for water also.

It took us 5 mins plus to order... As the menu is a little complicated, and they carry some untraditional items.

We ordered some starters and also wanted some rice with them... This took time.  The menu said plain basmati rice... When we said we want some plain basmati rice, we received some snotty comment about all of the rice dishes being basmati rice... We finally got the waiter to understand what rice we wanted, at which point he questioned why we wanted rice with the appetizers (we want it, that's why).

Then came the main dishes.... I wanted some kheem (traditional Indian lamb curry).  Waiter decided to educate me on what "kheema" is... Then he told me that they had minced lamb, but wanted to know what curry/sauce I wanted it with.  I asked... I picked one and he told me that I should try something else... He suggested another dish... Which I said I don't enjoy. He told us that if I had it in America, then I should still try it here, as Americans don't know how to cook (2 of us are American, so this too did not go over well).

We finally finished ordering and the drinks arrived... No water, or glass of ice...so we asked about it and were told to be patient and that it was coming.

A little while later, our papad (poppodum) was brought out.  Once we finished with these, the appetizers came out.  They decided to bring out the food without clearing the table... So we had to help clear the plates, so they had space to put the food down.

We had ordered some chocked pakoras, masala dosa, lamb kebabs and a prawn an potato crepe.

Food was ok, nothing spectacular.  When the started were brought to the table... We asked for more chutney... And specifically asked for some tamarind and some green chutney.. Half way through the appetizers, we stopped eating and finally got the attention of one of the waiters to ask them about the chutneys... As we needed them to eat out food.  Again were were dismissed rudely and told it was coming.

Waiters were just standing around taking as not doing anything... This was the last straw, so we told them we wanted to see a manager and to cancel our entrees. The wait staff told us we could not do that as our food was already ordered.  Told them to get a manager On the phone.

After asking for the manager, our regular waiter came by and just started talking to us as if nothing had happened.  I stopped him and told him again to call the manager and to cancel our main courses.

We paid for what we had consumed and left.  On our way out, we spotted another person who said that he was one of the owners... We spoke with him and the waiter for a few mins... But the waiter was just defensive and didn't think he had done anything wrong.

We walked out and went to MOTHER INDIA.  Avoid Indian Cavalry Club at all costs... Service is atrocious, and there are better ways to waste your money and, more importantly, time.
We've got loads of Indian takeaways nearer to us than this, but we always go here. It's worth the trip. The food is great, what more do you need to know?
Oh all right, the chicken puri is excellent - it's a starter, but if you don't have a huge appetite it's a big enough portion to qualify as a main. I like their lamb Bhuna, spicy enough to have a kick without making your eyes water, and nice tender chunks of lamb.
This is one of my favourite restaurants in Edinburgh, the food here really is delicious. I first heard about it when I was in first year and on the last day of living in halls we decided to treat ourselves to some decent food. Ever since, we have always ordered from Shapla to celebrate- birthdays, end of term or any little event good enough to get an excuse to get one!
Although the restaurant describes itself as serving Bangladeshi cuisine, you will also find Indian and other Asian dishes being served up here. You can order online via their website and the delivery time was about half an hour, which is pretty good. I have been trying to work my way through their menu and there hasn't been one meal where I had finished it feeling dissatisfied, all the meals are full of flavour and are well portioned to ensure that you are full by the end of them.
Best Indian food I've EVER had.

This is straight takeaway. You order, you wait, you get your food, you leave. Or you could have it delivered. Whichever you prefer.

They give you a ton of food. One dish could feed a family! Inexpensive, flavorful, and well worth the walk to go get it. I tried three different dishes, two different types of rice, two types of nan bread, and the fried bananas. All of it was good, spicy, and chalk full of flavor. 

All of the Indian food I've had and rated now seem second best. I guess I'll have to go to Edinburgh again to get some.
Consistent quality and service. Love in all the details. Big portions. Complex flavour that is made by someone who really understands cooking. I'm vegetarian and they always make me extremely happy. Even going so far as to make special dishes for my fussy 4-year-old. Love me some Shapla.
This was such a disappointment.  Firstly, the curry itself was average at best - my tikka massalam was distinctly nippy, much spicier than it ought to have been. Now I'm fine with heat but a lot of people aren't and you don't expect a tikka massalam to be hot. My boyfriend's passanda was so so. It wasn't just the sauce, the chicken was dry too. Just not nice. And, worst of all for a poppadom lover like me, I received fewer than I'd ordered - so I'd been shortchanged.  When I phoned to complain I was fobbed off with the explanation that the kitchen doesn't get told how many poppadoms people have ordered... They said to mention next time and I'll get what I ordered but I won't be ordering again. I actually think I ordered from here a few months ago and the same thing happened then. So much for being one of the best Indian takeaways in Edinburgh.
If you go to Edinburgh and you want to eat Indian, you go here.  The food is so, so much better than Indian food you can get in America (and also so so much better than any other Indian place I ate in Edinburgh--or London!).  The servers are hilarious, especially the main guy, who always teased me about my orders and knew my name AND culinary preferences by the second time I'd even been to the restaurant.  If I lived in this city, you'd bet I'd be eating here weekly (if not nightly...)
Gur Balti is an amazing Indian restaurant on Dundee Terrace which consistently offers delicious food and great service at reasonable prices.  I've been here twice with some friends and both times we've gone away more than satisfied with the whole experience.  
They pride themselves on serving some of the best Indian food in the city and each dish is presented immaculately.  The menu has loads to choose from and the last time I was in I went for the Balti Chicken Passanda.  It seemed to take no time to arrive and tasted creamy with a great range of flavours.  All the meat which they use is of the highest quality and you can definitely taste the difference in all their meat dishes.
We all spent no more than 15 each, including drinks, rice and tips, and we'll hopefully be back sometime soon.
My flatmates and I have tried various Indian takeaways but we always seem to back to the Guru because their food is simply amazing.  Balti as good as it gets.  And the naan breads are giant.
It may not be the cheapest place for a takeaway but totally worth every penny!
I have not eaten in the restaurant so cannot comment on the service.
We've been to the Guru a few times but since it's new refurbishment I can only say things have only got better. The food has always been great here as the other reviewers remark but it kind of lacked on the decor before...I was pleasantly surprised on our latest visit. A clean fresh modern look brings it bang up to date and the atmosphere is great. We went on a Friday night and managed to get a table but had to wait for a while before one was available so best to book in advance.

I had a mixed kebab to start which was really tasty, you could taste the barbecue flavour from the clay oven, the waiter recommended the Guru special sauce instead of the regular sauce and it was amazing, although not for the faint of heart as it is really spicy but added another dimension of flavour to the dish. I went for a chicken karahi main and we shared a garlic naan together.  If you want authentic naan bread this is the only place in Edinburgh I've been too that serve naan just like India, I mean they are massive but they are thin perfectly cooked without the normal doughy bits you get in other places. The karahi was excellent although way too much for me!

Service is great, relaxed and friendly just the way I like it, if you want Indian in Edinburgh goto the Guru. I am of Indian heritage myself so for me this place serves the best authentic Indian in Edinburgh.
I have been to the Guru Balti a few times, over several years. It can be summed up as offering good quality meat and above average curry, though the hotter dishes tend to lack that real zing of back end heat. They have some of the best and biggest naan bread though their rice doesn't particularly stand out.

The restaurant tends to be fairly quiet through the week, making it a good choice for post cinema eating if you happen to be at the nearby Cineworld. Guru is a good choice for an Indian meal and if you live in the area it should probably be your Indian restaurant of choice.
When I lived in a flat off Gilmore Place the Bombay Bicycle Club was my go-to Indian takeaway. So popular was it with my flatmates and I that for a while I would receive text messages on the way home that only read, 'BOMBAY?'. Weirdly the delivery man would always arrive to the door in a full suit which made us feel especially guilty for slobbing out with a takeaway in our pj's. No matter what time of day we ordered it always took them at least 40 minutes to arrive although it was always worth it. Byriani, Sagg and Red Fort were our standard orders although the Dupiaza was also pretty good. Three curries between four was easily enough in fact, by the time we got through the bread and rice we often had too much.

Even though the restaurant has had a recent revamp I would still find it a bit odd to eat IN here. The seats all seem to be pressed against the windows and I'd feel as though the whole street was watching me. I've heard good things about the service but if I was going OUT for curry I'd probably wander down the road to Gandhi's instead. Great for delivery but awkward to sit in!
I'm not really masterfully adept at recognising a good Indian: my weak British mouth can't handle the chilli and often leaves an unshakeable burning sensation for the rest my meal, ultimately ensuring I can't make head or foot of what I'm eating.

Deciding to man up and re-kindle my Indian food knowledge I opted for the BBC's kashmiri curry with a liberal dose of Cobra beer.  Much to my surprise I found I could recognise each flavour rather than  sweating the spices away and subsequently had an enjoyable meal.

Reasonably priced and with a cool name, I'll be back again.
This great little Indian restaurant is located in the Tollcross area of the city.  Like Sam, I have a palette that prefers non-spicy food, so I ordered a mild curry when I visited here for a friend's leaving meal.  It wasn't at all busy on the night I visited.  The waiters were vigilant, and it did almost feel like we were being watched as we sat and ate the meal.  The food was very tasty though, and appeared swiftly after ordering.  This was no doubt helped by the fact that there weren't many customers.

This place didn't bowl me over like Kismot, but it was still a good night out with some tasty food.  I would like to go back some time, and I suggest you bear it in mind as a place worth visiting.
I had the spiciest curry EVER in Bombay Bicycle Club for lunch one day and I don't think my tongue has ever recovered!  This restaurant serves authentic Indian cuisine and there is a really lovely and homely feel to the inside. 

Situated in the Tollcross area of Edinburgh, Bombay Bicycle Club is just a short walk from the city centre and so it is a convenient place to reach. 

Their lunch menu is truly awesome, and they offer a wide range of Indian dishes. I had the onion bhaji to start which was very tasty followed by chicken with a chili and garlic curry sauce. They give little warnings next to each dish stating whether the meal is mild or hot which is handy, but I paid no attention to it and went charging in and ordered a 'hot' dish and boy was it hot! The curry was really delicious and full of flavour, but my tongue had gone pretty numb after a while from the heat and so I couldn't taste much. I feel I should just warn you that extreme caution ought to be paid to the menu when you are choosing your meal and the next time I go here I will definitely play it safe and order a mild curry! 

Bombay Bicycle Club serve tandoori and biryani dishes, as well as the more traditional curry's such as madras. There is also a good selection of vegetarian dishes on offer. Takeaways are also available here and they offer a FREE home delivery service - amazing!!  

Bombay Bicycle Club is a fantastic curry house and one I will definitely be going back to.
So I am a notorious curry fiend. It's all I want to eat, all day long, and I just can't get enough. All my friends have learnt not to get in the way of me and my curry. Luckily Edinburgh has curry houses a-plenty to help me get my fix, so many in fact that it's easy to get overwhelmed and just order from your closest restaurant time and time again. Well, if your closest restaurant is not Bombay Bicycle Club and you haven't yet given it a go, you must promise me you will. I spent a month this Summer in India giving in to all my curry cravings, and when my friends wanted to go for an Indian 2 days after I was back in Edinburgh, I was really nervous about whether I'd enjoy it, or whether comparisons with the Mother Land would leave me in tears. The BBC was incredible - authentic, full of traditional spices and serious about its menu.

I ordered the Marco Polo chicken from the chef's recommendations section of the menu (not a traditional curry name I know, but wait til you eat - you just won't care). It was rich, well-spiced, tangy and saucy, with beautifully marinated chicken strips which were huge. All of my friends were similarly impressed with what they ordered - so much so no-one offered anyone else a taste, being so happy and protective of their own! The restaurant itself is bright and light, and the service was fine; nothing to rave about, but the food most certainly is. It's not the cheapest curry on the block, with traditional curries being at least 9 for chicken and the chef's specials 10, but the taste and ingredients are definitely worth splashing out for.
We visited Bombay Bicycle Club last week, as a 2 year anniversary hurrah! following up with some good old Fringe fun. I've passed this place so many times but never managed to make it in, as most of my stories start. I swear, when I say this, I mean it - it's been a good 10years. I am not entirely convinced it was worth it. 

I started with vegetable samosas - that looked like they came out of Costco - pretty forgettable. The boy's prawn puri looked much more (and tasted) much better than my option - it's normally my staple, so I was pretty envious as I looked at my sad samosas. For the main, the boy went for the Marco Polo chicken which he devoured happily, and I had the tandoori trout. Lovely seasoning on the trout, but cooked a little too dry. We also shared the Afghan chickpeas, which were pretty delicious as an accompaniment. Naan was too dry and toasted. 

Now, I've given it two stars... for why? Well, food-wise, while the main was pleasant, the starter I had was just... eh. I need to find a better word for eh, but at the moment, that's all I can come up with. The mains were pleasant, but in terms of comparing to another restaurant, it isn't food that stands out as memorable, or particular adept at handling the flavours that can be oh-so-amazing or delivered with a blunt hammer. So it would be a 3 star for that.  

i drop down to two because I thought the service was pretty lame. Very disinterested, and when you are trying to call the waiter back because he's wandered off halfway through taking your order, that isn't a sign of good service (really, if you think that is, then we need to have a conversation) and doesn't inspire the whole tipping thang, y'know? I'm at a loss for all the praise, as I didn't really experience something that blew my mind, more something that was more mundane than we would have liked.
Very good food here.  Living in Naples, we don't get that many varieties, so we're happy to travel anywhere and branch outside Italian cuisine.  This made us happy.  It was crowded on a Saturday, but they fit us into a snug spot.  Only flaw was that our appetizer came out a little cold on the inside (never a good sign).  They were apologetic and gave us a second with another free appetizer.  The entrees of curry, masala, and tandoori were all excellent.
We ordered takeaway from BBC this evening. I had great difficulty ordering on the phone, and the order arrived a bit wrong. I rang them up - expecting them to jump to fix it. Firstly they just said sorry, and left it at that I had to ask what they were going to do to fix it - expecting either  off the next order, a refund of the items I didn't want wihtout the accompaniment, or them to send the stuff straight round (we live a 5 min drive from the place).

Instead they told me I was now at the back of the queue for delivery (when they should have fixed the mistake first...) and would have to wait 30 minutes for my missing items. The item was mango chutney for poppadoms - and I didn't want them without it. I also wanted them before the curry - so I asked for a refund instead. The guy seemed annoyed, but said fine. He then rang up after to say they wanted the poppadoms back when I got my refund, so back they went... the already touched, already out of the bag poppadoms. I really hope someone notices that before they try and eat them! 

A 30 takeaway meal for 2 - with average curry - ruined by a bad telephone manner, bad customer service, and the thought... *thethought*... that they have re-served poppadoms to people! *shudder* (PS Try Pataka on Causewayside or Kismot on St Leonards Street. Much nicer service..same price range)

Visited May 2014
If you're wanting a relatively cheap and satisfying Indian take-away meal, Clerk Street is the place to go. However, Roti Restaurant is in whole other league.

It's a successful attempt at fusing quality Scottish ingredients with Indian recipes. The menu has the usual dishes you would expect at an Indian restaurant, but if you take a closer look you'll see they've tried to make them more unique (also what I call trying to justify the prices). For example it's possible to have haggis samosas, salmon filled naan (defininitely a first) and for dessert Indian carrot cake! The main dish menu is a little bit more traditional and doesn't stray too much from curries.

The tiffin for a tenner option seems pretty cool; it's basically tins filled with different foods, and there are vegetarian, meat and fish options. 

The decor is quite fancy and contemporary, making it nice for a special night out.
As a student living alone, I get take-aways regularly. Then I get annoyed because my bum isn't getting any smaller. Probably something to do with the take-aways that I don't stop eating until a)It's finished and b) i feel sick.

But Noor seem to have the solution! Their portions are quite small - perfect for one person! When I first got food from here (Chicken Korma, really creamy and delicious) I was kind of disappointed by what seemed like little amount of food I was given, but turns out it was perfect!!

They have a really extensive menu, it all looks delicious. I'm a spice pussy though, so I don't tend to go for the spice, but I'm told it's really good too!

They deliver too, which is great. They are even part of just-eat.co.uk so you don't even have to pick up the phone, order online!

I really like Noor!
The food at Noor is pretty great - and as already explained by Emily T. the portions are perfect for if you want a guilt free pig out of delicious indian food in a one person banquet.

Anyway, the food here is great - if a little over priced in my opinion, especially in comparison to other indian take aways in the area. Dont write it off yet though - while other places are cheaper, they lack the authenticity and generaly very hight quality food that Noor offers. 

Choose wisely.
Noor is totally deserving of my first 5 star review, and you'll now see why.

Whenever I want an Indian takeaway, there is only one word on my lips - Noor.  For the past few years, it has stood out for me as a purveyor of some of Edinburgh's finest takeaway food.  I totally agree with what Jonathan said: there are cheaper places, but they don't quite measure up.

All of the food I have ordered from Noor has been top notch.  I tend to go for the less spicy end of the spectrum, so stick with kormas and bhunas, occasionally stepping up to a tikka masala or rogan josh.  All of the food has been tasty and flavoursome, something which can be lacking in some takeaways.

The menu has a good variety, and the online ordering service means that you don't even have to leave the comfort of your sofa.  Delivery has always been on time, and the food has been piping hot.

It's so difficult to communicate the warm feeling that Noor gives in my stomach (before eating!).  Even the mention of a Noor curry starts the saliva production.  I command everyone to enjoy the awesomeness that is Noor!
Noor is definitely up there as one of my favourite takeaways. They serve really traditional and authentic Indian dishes which are of excellent quality.

Noor's menu has a vast selection of fine Indian food which are very well priced at around six pounds for a main meal and you can see the chef's preparing your meal in the back. I love their Chicken Tikka Buhna which is full of flavour and spices.  They also have met menu's available which include starters, a main and rice for just under seven pounds per person. They also have a wide variety of vegetarian meals which are priced at under five pounds for a main course. 

Noor offer a home delivery service which I have always found to be extremely efficient and you can order either on-line, by phone, text or by popping into the shop itself. The food is cooked fresh on the premises and it only takes about 10 minutes after ordering for your food to be ready. They are open until midnight seven days a week so it is great place to stop buy for decent meal on your way back from a night out.
Noor is an excellent Indian takeaway which offers quick, friendly service and excellent food.  I've eaten from here twice with my flatmates and on both occassions we were far from disappointed.  The menu is extensive with a huge range of authentic Indian dishes taken from all over the country.  I had the lamb Rogan Josh the first time and it was amazing with a delicious blend of flavours and a good amount of heat running through it.  The portion size wasn't huge, but certainly hit the spot.
We delivered the second time and I went for the Tandoori chicken kebabs which were seriously spicy, yet also tender.  The delivery time was almost negligible it was so fast and the whole meal between four of us came to under 40.  I'd definitely recommend Noor if you're in the area.
You simply cannot beat Noor Indian Takeaway.  The food is delicious enough to make you rejoice for being human and having the ability to appreciate such things. 

Noor is located just a few doors down the road from my flat, and as such, I have quickly become a regular. My friends and I always get the set meals, which include a choice of "golden oldies" curries (all the classics such as Korma, Rogan Josh, Dopiaza, Madras, Bhuna and, my personal favourite, Dhansak) along with rice or naan, five vegetable pakoras along with some salad and sauces.  What more could you want? All for six to seven pounds per person, depending on how many of you there are. 

The absolute beauty of Noor is that the food tastes great AND the portions are very generous.  One portion of curry usually lasts me for my tea that night as well as a very satisfying lunch the next day. As it provides at least two meals, it certainly offers great value for money.  The pakoras are wonderfully crispy also, and for an extra 2 you can order a bag of ten that are worth every penny.

Due to my close vicinity, I have always collected my orders in person and I have never been kept waiting for than 15 minutes. If you prefer it to be delivered to your door, they will do so for only 1, although I cannot comment on the speed of delivery. 

Overall, if it's an Indian you're after, look no further, you have found something heavenly.
Noor was my Indian of choice for the first two years of my uni life, and while now I will occasionally stray from it, I'll always end up crawling back. The curries are huge, well cooked and really cheap. Although they are arguably not as sophisticated as many other curry houses, they still make a mean Dopiaza and friends.

Found on Nicholson street it clearly caters to students and the prices reflect this. You can get a meal deal with a curry and rice or nan for 6.95, and one will more than fill all but but the fattest of fatties. As well as this they and a la carte menu, with all the normal curries and a few specialities. The sauces are great, really creamy and rich without being over the top. All the traditional curries are done exceptionally, and whilst I am yet to sample their specialities I look forward to it. 

They also do all the sides you could want, with a variety of nan breads, and pakoras, bhajis, samosas etc for vvery reasonable prices. The staff are really nice, and the service is very quick; combine this with excellent food and that's a winner in my book.
Me and my mate ordered from Noor takeaway last Firday, I was advised from a couple of friends that it was a great place to go to and the reviews on here looked great too so I though that I would go for it. We ordered online, where we were able to choose the time for which we wanted it to be delivered and they were on time which was a good start.
I ordered a chicken ceylon, which I had never had before and tasted a spicy korma, the only criticism of it that I could find was that there wasn't enough chicken although it was lovely and tender.
The portions that you get are great and me and my friend couldn't finish it all so we put what we couldn't finish into the fridge and ate it the next day. We also ordered papadums and naans, and both were delicious, this is definitely one of the best curry restaurants in Edinburgh and the prices are pretty reasonable too!
Just discovered this place, extraordinarily good food and very friendly staff.

Even though it is a Take away, we sat at one of the tables and enjoyed our curries.

Highly recommend
Though named Takeaway, there are three tables inside to eat at as well.  We tried the set meal for two and were very happy with the choices - all of the items were very tasty and fresh.  The only "complaint" we could have is that it was simply way too much food!  Very friendly staff and great food!
My new favorite takeaway.  We've lived on the the southside of Edinburgh for nearly two years and somehow had overlooked Noor.  Our loss!

Noor provides an outstanding product, with good customer service, at very reasonable prices.

Saag paneer is my very fave curry, so that's how I judge most Indian places.  Their's is superb -- just spicy enough and the spinach not pureed.   Great pakora and naan.  The chicken korma is very mild.  Working our way through  the menu.

On the last visit I had placed a large order that was not ready when I arrived to collect it.  A tech glitch had prevented the order from being uploaded and I had to wait about 20-30 minutes.  Without asking, 20% was deducted from the total and a 2 litre of coke added.  Very thoughtful.
I love Noor! The chicken Shajani is the best curry I have ever had and I used to go in there at least once per week. Unfortunately, I am no longer in Edinburgh so I can not get my Noor fix. I have been searching for something even half as good as their Shajani but I've not been successful in my search so far. I kind of wish I had never found this place but I guess it's better to have loved and lost than to have never loved, or something like that...

The portion sizes are good, the staff are friendly and the food is really tasty!
Noor is a quality takeaway with a small eating area (3 tables) and a kitchen you can see while waiting for your food. The curries are fresh, the nan light and the pakoras and samosas are crisp and delicious, basically exactly what you want in Indian food.

The staff are friendly and happy to serve the food at the tables, if you want to sit in and the food itself is great, so if you are in the area give it a try.
This is now my favourite take away and has overtaken the mighty kasbah for me. I left this a while before reviewing as I often ended up in here on the wrong side of a night out and everything is great when you are half cut. Food goggles I guess ha :D .... Anyway fast forward a few months and I have popped in here a half dozen times or so and the food is consistently amazing. The staff are really fiendly and the delivery service is quick. The restaurants decor is functional and the seating area is quite comfy with some leather sofas or an area to sit in and dine. Often while waiting we recieve complimentary poppadoms and pickles while we wait. 

There are a few stand out curries on the menu for me from what I have tried - Sabzi Chilli Dal, Hurri Mirchi Vegetables and the Vegetable Persian were great and get reordered each time we go. The veg pakoras are worth a mention in that they are great quality and there are loads of them, also served in a brown paper bag (first time i had pakora it was presented this way so in my head its how they should be served). Lastly try the Roti Boti, tandoori chicken wrapped in roti bread. These are amazing!
Noor is a great option if you are after some tasty Indian food. I ordered the set meal for two, the Lamb dishes were both well cooked, nicely spiced and very tasty. The amount of food which arrived was more than advertised, myself and my flatmate struggled to finish it, which is unusual for us!
Noor is in my opinion, the best Indian take away EVER! I was a regular here when I was in Edinburgh - first for the good price but they I realised how delicious the food was!  I always recommend it to friends travelling through as well! 

The portions and amount of condiments are generous and the ceylon curry is my absolute favourite. I eat here every time I'm back in Edinburgh and always find it just as amazing as before!
I don't often give 5 stars, however Noor has earned them. This is my go to takeaway when it comes to curry, the only better curry is from Kismot (which is a restaurant) IMO. Not only is it great curry, it is great value as the portions, particularly with the set meal, are large. I have worked my way through half the menu and am yet to find a curry which isn't fresh and tasty...

I have even bought the set meal for two occasionally, so I can eat curry for two days as the food easily tastes as good re-heated the next day. The chicken madras, vindaloo or hurri mirchi are my favourites however this is one of the few places I have enjoyed the milder creamier curries from.

In short if you fancy an Indian takeaway then Noor is highly recommended.
The food was tasty and good. We had the lamb rogan josh (highly recommended) and the chicken Madras with ginger naan (the only place I've found making this variety of naan) with onion bhaji, papadom and pilau rice. Service was fast, portions were big (the meal was meant for two but we were so full after a while that we kept the rest for breakfast the next day). If you're craving good Indian food where portions are generous and prices are okay, this is the place to go.
if i didnt have tummy issues after eating here it would easily be a 5 star. but the fact that i do get tummy issues but still keep coming back means that maybe it is 5 star food. its cheapness makes it seem that much tastier.

i will stick with a 4 star only cause there is no indoor seating. you can sit outside at long picnic tables outside, under a tent thingy or just get takeaway. its good. and you get a lot of it. there are brave people eating here in the winter but i am not one of them.  

they change their menu every day. you walk in to a small room, wait in a usually short line, pick out any number of their around 10 options differing daily that are looking at you so you can see whats up even if you dont know whats in it, wait for it, get it takeway or join some randoms and inhale. 

i hate to use the word authentic, cause i dont give a shit if something is authentic ,if i like it i like it.
but if you are one of those people who likes to only eat authentic, ive been told this is authentic as authentic can get.
My brother lived in Edinburgh for several years and took me here when I came to visit for a few days.  I love a lot of things in Edinburgh but this was definitely top three stops.  Enormous, delicious plate of vegetarian food for less than I paid for any other meal on the trip.  Eating it out back at the picnic tables on a lovely day was tops.
A friend took me here for a cheap dinner when I visited him a few years ago.  I think we went back at least twice more in the week I was there; we would have probably gone every day if we hadn't been restrained only by our mutual guilt at eating there so often.

The curry is absolutely fantastic, cheap, and lavishly portioned.  That plus a little cheap Tesco naan (I'm sure their own naan is better, but we were cheap bastards) made for a delicious and filling meal. The ambiance is a bit lacking, so just order for takeaway and enjoy it elsewhere.  Be sure to hold it with both hands!

If it weren't 3,700 miles away from me, this would probably be a weekly meal.
Tucked away down a subtle side street entrance, the Mosque Kitchen is a hidden haven for hearty Indian cuisine. Serving locals, students and even the business elite, the luring smell of home cooked, honest Indian fare attracts all. Offering a limited but exceptionally affordable array of dishes, the Mosque Kitchen produces some simple but flavoursome gems. Vegetarians can enjoy a truly moreish Tarka Dahl or a flavoursome spinach and potato curry, whilst those of a more meaty persuasion can indulge in one of the Mosque's daily chicken or lamb servings. With the offering of rice, plain or garlic naan to accompany each dish, diners can anticipate a meal that satisfies any level of hunger. 

A word of warning, though, diners can expect to feast on humble trestle tables, shelter under a rustic corrugated roof and mingle amidst a friendly bunch of pigeons. Meek and unassuming, the Mosque Kitchen boasts unbeatable prices, food of a superlative nature, and will undoubtedly leave you comfortably stuffed for the day ahead.
There are few places anywhere that you will find a curry for 3.50 but right here at the Mosque Kitchen you can eat your heart out for next to nothing. I love the canteen feel, the outdoor picnic table seating, the paper plates and the plastic spoons. It doesn't have to please aesthetically just to pull in the punters the people of Edinburgh know a good curry when they eat it and this is why the Mosque Kitchen is so popular.

Absolutely great with a big bunch of friends on a summers evening, brilliant if you're skint or if you just can't be bothered cooking as the generous portions will fill you up no problems. It's also the kind of place you could just go and sit on your own tucking into some curry and doing a spot of people watching. 

Little independent places like this are great and I highly recommend visiting, the vegetable curry is my favourite, it's nice and spicy - just the way I like it. Brilliant!
A no-frills eating venue which has begun to take on an almost legendary status, The Mosque Kitchen is a dining experience quite unlike any other in the city. If it's luxury, ambience, or even proper cutlery you're after, you won't find it here. If however it's a tasty curry at frankly unbelievably cheap prices you want, then that's exactly what you'll get.

I'm so carnivorous I'd happily feast on a roadkill rabbit by the side of the motorway, so I was pretty surprised to find it was the vegetable curry, with all sorts of greenery thrown in, that was my favourite. I expect I'll be a regular visitor here though, so that may change.

It's places like this that really give a city it's character, and I'd much rather give my hard earned to the people of the mosque than many of the city's more unscrupulous curry house owners. I urge you to do the same.
If you only have 3.50 in your pocket and want a meal that's a) tasty and b) enormous, preferably with a bit of 'character' thrown in, this is where you should head.

By 'character', I mean you sit outside under a gazebo in the backyard of Edinburgh Central Mosque, and you eat out of a polystyrene box with a plastic fork. But the food is that good that you won't care about the pigeon eyeing up our lunch 3 feet away.

I usually go for the veggie option, because the one time I did get the chicken there were quite a lot of fatty chewy bits. In fact, it made me stay away from here for a while, but then a veggie friend convinced me to get the lentil and spinach curry instead, and 3 years later I'm still eating there. It's right by the Uni, but you get a surprsing mix of people thanks to it's word-of-mouth reputation.

If you haven't tried it yet, then you need to. Soon.
I cant believe I lived across the road from this place for nearly a whole year and didnt try the Mosque Kitchen.

It was recommended to me, and frankly I didnt fancy it - but I was there today and I am now kicking myself that I didnt take advantage while I still could.

The food is great. It's propper Indian/Pakistani food, and more importantly there is absolutly loads of it for a very tidy price. Eating outdoors is also great, and gives this place a great vibe. I really will be here again!
This place should definitely be kept on the down low because it is frickin awesome. 

I really fancied curry the other day and remembered seeing the raving reviews on Yelp and thought I would give it a bash. The simplicity of this restaurant might put you off at first but it is fantastic. Real, authentic food and at a stupidly cheap price. Never has eating out a box been so good! I will return to this place again and again because it is just that good.
In 2007 the Scotsman newspaper placed The Mosque Kitchen top of its list of Best Festival Food and it's clear to see why.  Their curries are authentic, slow-cooked, flavoursome and sold in generous portions.  I have been twice, both times having the chicken curry with rice and a naan bread which was tasty and filling.  
To order your food you simply walk past the eating area and into a small room where you order your curry canteen-style and then eat it off a plastic plate.  For vegetarians there are a variety of vegetable curries and these, along with the meat and poultry ones, are all served with rice for less than 5. The service is friendly and effective and I like the eating arrangement where you take your food outside and eat it under the plastic roof while chatting with your mates.
The Mosque Kitchen offers genuine value for money and is visited each day by people from a huge range of ethnic and national backgrounds - and for good reason too!
Nearly every student has heard of the Mosque Kitchen. There is a reason for that.

Situated near George Sq in the centre of town, the Mosque Kitchen is a canteen-esque restaraunt attached to the Edinburgh Mosque. This where students come to fill up with big portions of cheap curry! 
Don't be put off though, cheap does not mean poor quality. The Mosque Kitchen serves a small range of curry every day. There is usually a small selection, that can be accompanied with rice with some side servings such as nan. Food is dished up into polystyrene dishes and eaten with plastic cutlery. But make no mistake; the curry is great quality and the portions very reasonable. Regular attendees appreciate the lack of fuss made over the presentation; they are here for what the kitchen sets out to do, provide great curry for all!

The Mosque Kitchen has a communal feel and expects to have some great chat, especially if you come regularly, sitting at one of the few long, school-cafeteria type tables.

If you're visiting Edinburgh and you want to see where the locals, especially the students, eat out, or you are looking for somewhere less pricey to fill up for the day, try the Mosque Kitchen. If you live in Edinburgh and you haven't been, why not?
This place is brilliant, nothing more to say.

Well, ok I'll go on....

It doesn't look like much to people walking past and you'll not be the first to walk past it, but if you go in you'll never want to go anywhere else!! 

The offer huge dishes for next to nothing! The food is delicious and the people there are beyond wonderful.

It feels like you're getting a cuddle every time you're in here, it's a total diamond in the rough! Only tell your best friends!
The Mosque Kitchen is a great addition to the curry scene in Edinburgh. Unlike many traditional curry houses that serve bland, mass produced masalas etc, the Mosque Kitchen has traditional muslim food that (I have been assured by my arabic friends) is what they do eat. The place itself is beautifully grubby, you go into a little kitchen, queue up like in a school canteen then head off outside onto plastic chairs and tables all under a big gazebo. There is nothing refined about the location, the kitchen relies on its food.

And the food is really, really good. There are only 2 curries, chicken and lamb, and while the lamb can be quite stringy, the chicken is always excellent. Think a Korma but less sauce and much more subtly spiced. They also do daal, some form of spinach dish and other dishes I don't recognise as well as kofta kebabs. The rice is absolutely amazing, and the nan breads are huge.

Although the price has gone up a wee bit recently, the Mosque Kitchen is still the cheapest curry place around, with a curry with rice or nan costing only 4.50, and the other dishes less. The guys who work there are really friendly, and it is a great establishment to give your money to.
The Mosque Kitchen lies just behind Edinburgh Central Mosque and offers food at unbeatable prices where the money you pay goes to worthy causes. I have been here a good few times, and I must say that the last time I went, I was a bit disappointed by the naan bread, and thought it was a bit dry, but it is the festival period and I came late in the day, so perhaps this may have had something to do with it. Even if this was a common occurrence, I would probably still give this place 5 stars, as the curry tastes divine and the portions will fill you up no matter how hungry you are.
If you do not want to fork out on extra money on drinks there is a water fountain just outside the kitchen area and there are cups where you can have this water instead. A couple of very minor criticisms of the place is that there are lots of pigeons who pester you during your meal while you sit under the gazebo and they only supply a spoon rather than a knife and fork. Other than this, it's great, there aren't many places in Edinburgh that can be this!
This is the best. place. in. Edinburgh. ever. I have friends who come back to visit and refuse to leave without stopping at the Mosque Kitchen first. I'm not talking about people who'd never been here before (though, word does get around), but people who lived in Edinburgh for a while and counted on the Mosque Kitchen to cure their disproportionate hangover. 

I always get the vegetarian options (which have multiplied lately!) which are dahl, rice, greasy spinach with potatoes, chickpeas, and sometimes a vegetable curry. And I think they're definitely the best and cheapest options available. The Mosque Kitchen also sells rubicon and delicious ginger beer to quench your thirst. The people who work there are also real sweet too.
Do I really feel this place needs another 5 star review?  No I do not.  

Do I think that there's anything I can say that hasn't already been said?  No I do not.  Chaise-lounge monkey-fist.  I stand corrected.

Ok, so this probably isn't news by now, but listen: THEY GIVE YOU A LOT OF FOOD FOR NOT A LOT OF CASHMONEY. You've heard that before, right?

3 will get you Tarka Dal (lentils) and Rice. 2 Sheesh Kebabs and Rice or a few other options that escape me right now.  I have likely been there about 5 or 6 times by now, because you can't beat the price, and you can't beat the portions.
Fantastic, delicious, well-portioned, fast, inexpensive food. Served in the back of a mosque. 3.50 for a wonderful steaming chicken curry dish that will fill you up (unlike so many places around here). The garlic nan bread is also delicious, except I'm usually too full to eat it. The only downside to this amazing place is that the seating is outdoors under a tarp, so if it's a  windy and cold day you should either bundle up or get it to take away and eat it somewhere warmer.
It was okay. 5 for curry, rice, veggies and a drink isn't bad. It's just not the most aesthetically pleasing restaurant. As has been said, you're sitting outside under a tarp on cafeteria-style benches, floodlit and surrounded by mossy walls.

They have three choices of curry, "Vegetarian" "Chicken" or "Meat." This concerned me greatly as to what the chicken was if not meat, but I digress.

Anyway, I was after the "meat" but they sold out so I went for the chicken. I'm not sure what part of the chicken they used but it seemed very fatty. Pretty tasty though. And for the asking price, still pretty good.

Had another funny conversation with the guy behind the counter after the "meat?" "no meat, chicken!" conversation. I asked if he had any garlic naan. He looks at me and goes "Naan? *pause* None..."

Have to get in earlier next time I guess!
Went to the Mosque Kitchen for the first time after a year away travelling. I have to say it was one of the two things I missed while I was away (Kopperberg was the other!) and I was worried it might have changed....

Maybe the prices had gone up...... maybe they don't do lamb anymore.... maybe the pigeons had killed everyone in a fit of impulsive hunger and taken over the little yard behind the Mosque, making it a death trap for the students and locals of Newington.....!!

Thankfully none of the above had in fact happened, although, inevitably, there was one niggling negative upon my return......

And that was the great big 'Mosque Kitchen' sign over the archway.

This kitchen is Edinburgh's best kept secret and should really stay that way if we want to enjoy the portions, the price and the level of service from the lovely folk that run the place. Same thing happened to KFC and that place is EXTORTIONATE now!!

.......okay I can't back that up.

Other than that, I got the ground minced lamb rather than the big chunky lamb.... bit of a surprise but still great. Chicken's still the chicken.

Winner!
Love this place! First found out about it through a Muslim friend last year and was so happy that day! 
For 5 you get to fill your tummy with delicious spicy goodness and a nice cool beverage to wash it all down! Very good price for the amount of food you get. 

It's nothing fancy, just a kitchen with an eating area outside covered by tarp. I don't really care about fancy restaurants or anything, so I was perfectly happy to eat outside. As far as I'm concerned, as long as we're not getting rained on, it's all good!

Great food, great value for money, and I recommend them to anyone looking for tasty and tongue tingling food at a competitive price.
Good for a bowl of tasty hot, cheap, quick vegetarian food. Don't go expecting a restaurant. I enjoyed my curry and rice.
Hmph.... I think I was expecting much more from Mosque Kitchen than what was delivered. Saag aloo that had been cooked to death (somehow the potato remained semi-raw), cold chicken and average tarka daal. Massive portions yes. Perfect for starving students looking for a change from Greggs... but for a couple of quid more, you can get a lot better. Definitely disappointed in this one.
I can't believe I have been yelping for a year and still haven't reviewed the Mosque Kitchen!

OK here it goes:

Hungover? 
Like cheap curry?
In a hurry?

Then Mosque kitchen is for you! I really enjoy mosque kitchen when it isn't freezing outside (it's outdoor seating although I hear they made an indoor seating). Nevertheless, be it sun or snow this food will most certainly warm you up from the inside. A great choice for some affordable grub at very substantial portions! You can mix and match the mains if you can't decide on a specific curry. Their garlic naan is particularly tasty also! Be warned that lunch times can be very busy as well as swooping pigeons. 

Great food at great value.
Great for students, or tourists on a budget! 

Huge helping for lunch or dinner for only 5! I got the chicken curry, with rice and a samosa (extra 1-1.50) and it was such a big helping that even I couldn't finish it (says a lot). 

The only complaint I have about The Mosque is that when I went they weren't serving drinks anymore! I mean like water, juice, it was closed? My friend ended up going to ask specifically and got herself a bottle of water, but it seemed kinda overpriced. 

Definitely if you're on a budget, this is a great place to go - good value for your dollar, and a huge (and delicious!) helping!
Having been recently introduced to the Mosque Kitchen's new indoor restaurant, I've been a bit of a glutton and visited three times in the last month or two. I really love this place. 

The food is cheap, filling and incredibly tasty. The menu is quite limited, but what it lacks in variety it more than makes up in the yum stakes. There's enough on offer for meat eaters and veggies alike to be satisfied. 

You can get a large plate of lentil dhal and rice for 3 and a freshly made nan bread for 1. Other things on offer include a spinach dish, vegetable curry, lamb curry and chicken curry, as well as garlic nans, samosas and a few other bits and pieces. Portion sizes are large and very enjoyable - a bit of a rarity in Edinburgh these days! 

Don't expect airs and graces. The place is canteen style and you'll be eating your grub off paper plates with plastic cutlery. The decor is clean and contemporary, with long tables happily accommodating ten people or more. The food is served buffet style and the service is quick but a little abrupt. 

I was told that the Mosque Kitchen's profits go towards funding the mosque and that the staff are volunteers, so I'm not surprised that the service can sometimes be a little lacking in finesse (that's the only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars). 

If you want something sweet to round off your meal, cakes and pastries are available starting at around 1. 

Brilliant value for money, fab food and a nice atmosphere make for a great bit of budget dining in the city.
This place - along with their newly established Mosque Cafe on Clerk-Nicholson St way, is good quality food for a great price.  However, I wish they would use true cutlery and plates instead of the styrofoam they still use in the Cafe.  It just doesn't suit the establishment and isn't friendly all around.  The newer cafe is cleaner than the Mosque environs where you had to eat outdoors under a covered area with pigeons flying about.  Overall, it is great for the food.
Cheap and cheerful Indian food. Much paper plate and plastic fork charm. We summed it up as: "an unmissable Edinburgh lunch spot that represents excellent bang for your buck.  If you've not been there, go, and if you haven't been for a while, go back and sample it again.  You won't be disappointed."
Came here a few weeks ago with friends and enjoyed the food but the place was absolutely packed! I guess that's what you get for coming around lunch time near Uni. 

The food was good and the price was definitely nice. You get huge portions. I did feel that my dish was a little too oily/buttery though and considering there is Indian Food on nearly every corner in Edinburgh, I wasn't too impressed with it. 

Perfect for students on a budget though!
This place was awesome. It's about as hole-in-the-wall as it gets. The food is awesome and entirely authentic, I miss it already. If you ever get the chance, go for it.

If you want the extra burn, grab a ginger beer to complement the curry.
The Mosque Kitchen is a very simple and clean Indian place with a menu that won't put a dent in your wallet. The chicken curry is outstanding and some of the most tender curry chicken I've ever eaten. The vegetable (chickpea) curry was just as delicious. A huge plate of curry over rice for 5 is pretty amazing. They have an buffet portion after 5 pm, but I found a single portion to be adequate. The only letdown was the lamb curry, which wasn't nearly as tender.
For what it is the New Mosque Kitchen, is simply phenomenal. 

If you don't like curry, don't come here. 

If you want fancy cutlery, don't come here. 

If want porcelain or china plates, don't come here. 

If you want table service, don't come here. 

If you need booze with your food, don't come here. 

If you want to eat a really tasty meal, which will leave you feeling full, but not bloated, for hours after come here. 

If you want to eat well for pennies, come here. 

If you want to eat cheaply in a family friendly canteen style eatery come here. 

(The address here is right, but pictures are of the old mosque kitchen)
Went with the chicken and beef curry with rice.  Not a bad dish by any standards.  the only downside was we had too much leftover and our fridge in the RV was not working.  Not bad really, just meant 2 back to back meals of great food.  I thought that the prices were very good and the food was not the best, but better than most "buffet style" indian restaurants.  If I lived here, I would definitely come back from time to time.
This restaurant firmly deserves his reputation for good food. Immediately you notice many people in traditional Muslim dress. That's an excellent sign. Everything is so clean here too.

My friend and I got the buffet. This was mainly do not knowing what specifically to order and wanting to sample too much. Anyway, the food is great. There is so much to choose from. I especially liked the pakora, rice, naan, and sheekh kebabs. Those kebabs were bloody spicy.

If you're doing the buffet, you'll pay and get your plate at the main counter. If you're purchasing items off their menu, you can pay where the food is being served. They only accept cash.
I'd heard so many good things about the Mosque Kitchen but had never been myself.  I decided to go for lunch and just fell in love with the concept.  

They serve lunch from 11:30am until 7pm then offer an all you can eat buffet until 11pm.  Please note though that on Fridays they are closed before 12:50-1:50pm for prayer.  

Basically, there is no waiting about here so it is the perfect place to go during your lunch hour at work if you want great quality food fast!  Plus, the prices aren't far off what you pay for a sandwich so it really is a winner!  There is no table service so you go up to the hot plate at the back of the restaurant and pick what you'd like to eat.  All the meals are already prepared and just waiting for the taking.  

I had 2 Sheekh kebabs with rice (3.50) and my companion had chicken curry and rice (4).  We could not even make a dent in our plates as they were heaped so high with food!  We thought it'd be rude not to get a nan bread to accompany the meal though as at 1 they are practically giving themaway!  

This place doesn't serve alcohol because it is part of the Mosque but for all the time you're in there you really don't miss it.  With the quality of food so high and prices so low it really does tick all the boxes.  

Great choice for a cheap yet tasty meal.
I was originally going to give the Mosque a solid 5/5 but then I had another think about it and I decided I was going to have to reduce this by 1 star. And here is why. PRO followed by CON.

1) The curry is really tasty - BUT there is more variation in just how tasty it is. Today for example I was a bit dissapointed - the rice was greasy and the chicken lacked flavour.

2) It's Cheap - BUT it's not as cheap as it used to be. The delight was that you could get more food, and a drink faster and cheaper than anywhere else. While it's still pretty much faster and more, there is less than you used to get and you're paying almost 25% more than a few years ago. 

3) The Location is good. It's central, on that lovely bit of Edinburgh old town that seems reserved for mentalists and drug users, however it's close to pretty much all of old town and the uni so this is fine. 

4) It's chilled out. The guys are cool. They do takeaway and it's ironically an amazing lunch time hangover cure if you're suffering from the night before. 

Anyway I've mainly given it 4 start because it's not as good as it used to be and it's gotten more expensive. Saying that I still eat here a couple times a week. 

Favourite meal : Meat curry, rice, dahl and veg, witha  can of rubicon guava juice. Sweet.
there seems to be two restaurants with this name, but the one I went to was not the one under the mosque but it's nearby (corner) since I heard this one has the original chef.  I had "chicken pulao with rice".  There was no chicken in it, but just this wonderful sauce over rice.  Even in a styrofoam bowl and eaten with a plastic spoon, it tasted really great, not to add that it was very reasonably priced at 2.50 (lots of rice drenched in sauce)-the 2nd time I had it with extra vegetable toppings (peas, carrots, and potatoes for an extra 1), it wasn't as good though. the chicken curry was even better! very tender chicken
Great simple food at fantastic prices! 

The new Mosque Kitchen provides a simple yet basic setting for those seeking an authentic curry in a hurry! The menu is basic but has classic chicken, lamb and vegetarian options so likely to be somehting to suit everyone and with prices starting at 3.00 for tarka dahl with rice to 4.50 for chicken curry and rice you definately wont be breaking the bank! The sag aloo was delicious and the garlic nan is worth the wait!

If you've not been here before then I'll try and set the scene. Dont think of it as a restaurant (there's no menu cards or table service) maybe more of a canteen, there's a menu on the wall and a self service area where you are served food that's ready and waiting. Bear in mind that the restaurant belongs to the Mosque and so there's no extravagance. It's plastic plates and cutlery however it somehow makes it feel more authentic! As you would expect there's no alcohol available but there is a good range of soft drinks including traditional lassies. 

All in all if you like a good curry at fantastic prices then I'd recommend you come here!
The Mosque Kitchen has been on my internal food-radar since about day 2 of moving to Edinburgh. When asking for recommendations on where to go, almost everyone told me I simply must try The Mosque Kitchen. Summed up, it's cheap, it's cheerful, it's no frills, but it's a big plate of food, it's curry and it's tasty.

So it was finally over a year later, at 10pm in the midst of the Fringe frenzy that I stumbled upon it with nothing in my but Guiness, whisky and an appetite.

And for that - the middle of a typical Fringe day, surrounded by locals, visitors, performers, and 10pm feeling like 4pm (I dont know what time this place would close during the Festival, but 6am is a typical hit-the-hay time...) that I lined up in the school-cafeteria style queue and ordered my plate of rice, lamb curry, and paid up front.

The lamb was tender, the sauce spicy but that's about as far as it goes. It filled a hole, it was tasty, and it would make do for just those occasions - when you're super hungry and just need to fill a hole but want something different to a sandwich / hot dog / kebab. 

They Mosque Kitchen often do the rounds at Festivals too - like Christmas Markets, with their pop-up shop. I really like their curry. They're not trying to be a haute cuisine restaurant. So for a time and a place, The Mosque Kitchen is perfectly and definitely an Edinburgh institution in its own right.
Ok, so here is the deal, there are TWO Mosque Kitchens. 

A couple of months ago I ate at the Mosque Kitchen that is on the corner of Nicholson street and I ... was underwhelmed, to say the least. The quality of the food, meh, the cafeteria-style setting, meh, no clean tables, meh. Didn't like it and couldn't understand for the love of me why people were getting all ravey about it.

Right...... so, get this, if you walk through the front gates of the actual mosque, and walk to the back, there's another Mosque Kitchen, where there is table-service and the food is positively moarish. It's so good, I'm half suspecting them of just drugging me when I get in there, I get so happy.

I have to admit, I now come here about once or twice a week, usually with a colleague. The plates of food you get are just absolutely ridiculous, and the prices are amazingly good. It never fails to keep me full from 13:00 well into 17:30/18:00 which for me is rather important as I get right crabby when I'm hungry. (And by crabby I mean: "Hey Lou, have you seen that memo I se-," Me: "GRRRRR." Colleague: "Did you just ... growl at me?" Me: "KSSSHHHGRRRRR.") 

Ok, so that may not have been the most eloquent explanation, but what I'm trying to get across here is that Mosque Kitchen saved my job, and that, my friends, is a good, good thing.
This kind of dining is right up my street, unfussy, uncluttered and unassuming @5.00 this is how fast food should be. I will be back.
The mosque kitchen is by far one of the best places to get some of the most succulent kebabs in Edinburgh alongside a splash of dall and a dollop of spinach, all over a big full bowl of rice.  I would go here at least once or twice a week when I was working at the Edinburgh uni library, and would always get a little bit of everything. 
I was rarely if ever disappointed by the food here! I did make the mistake of going to the new mosque kitchen they opened up on Nicholson, which wasn't too impressive, but was then glad to find out that the original is still alive and well.

Be warned that this is more of a cafeteria than a restaurant. They will serve you the food inside, and then you go outside to the plastic tables and fold out chairs to enjoy your warm meal. 

Even so, you would still find me here at 6 pm on a cold December night indulging in a big bowl of tasty mosque kitchen food.
Anyone who gives this place less than 4 stars needs to take a long, hard look at themselves. This placehas cheap curry!!!!! and its like a pot noodle, does exactly what it says on the tin, doesn't try and be posh or anything that its not. just massive portions of tasty cheap curry for under a fiver. dun- no!!!
Loads of people tell me to come here, and I have come here several times.

There are not many options, it is canteen style food, yet the portions are huge, the food is cheap, and this is probably one of the best student meals you will get in the area for the price (especially in terms of quantity).

Being vegetarian, I have always gone for the chickpea curry (chana masala) or the lentil dal with rice. The naan looks decent for the price, plus it's massive. This is a good place to come when you're really hungry and just desperately want to fill up with some food which isn't too bad for you. It's got to be better than kebabs, right?

So, this is definitely not a place for a dinner date... Nor for a sophisticated ritual for ladies who like to lunch.... But it will fill the hole.

If I wanted a normal sized portion, I would go to himalaya cafe just up the road and pay around the same price for a delicious curry. Yes, it's slightly smaller, but the food is very fresh, tasty, and you get salad with your food. All this in a beautifully decorated  cafe, which also offers yoga classes. Himalaya also offer an amazing chai latte, which entices me even more.
It's cheap and very basic, but has a good variety of curries at very low prices. And the portions are massive so you're probably best asking for take away and finish it off later. No airs and graces, no prevention, I've offend the staff very friendly on both occasions I've been here. It's mass produced food but you know what, there's something refreshing about this place's simplicity.
While visiting Edinburgh, a friend took us to the Mosque Kitchen on our last day in town. As a vegetarian, I thought they had a solid selection for a decent price. The food was tasty and the service was on point.
First Kitchen I have ever heard of being in or part of a Mosque. As its already been pointed out, reminds me of a cafeteria . Stand in line, pick what you want , pay and go back to your seat. Has surprisingly good curry. I really enjoyed the spinach lamb curry. I recommend it! They also have a variety of ethnic beverages to have with your meal. What sold me was the amount of food for the price . It's cheap and left me stuffed! The place also seemed clean when I was there and the staff also friendly. If your tight on money and have a hankering for curry and want a lot of food for cheap this is the place.
I ended up going into this place with some friends, as they said it was pretty good and inexpensive. The actually dining area isn't anything more then a cafeteria type setting, but there are lots of seats and they can accommodate for larger parties. They have a lot of food places like this in the States, where you basically just go through a line and point to what you want, but this place actually serves decent food.

I opted for the 3 vegetarian curries and rice plate, which was 5 pounds for a big plate of rice and curries. I was really keen on the aubergine, but it must be really popular because they were all out. So I opted for the chickpea, mushroom and potato curries, they do have meat, but none of use tried any. I loved the chickpea curry and the mushrooms as well, but was not a big fan of the potatoes. The chickpeas were way better then I expected and were really well spiced. 

Overall, the food was quite spicy, but if you can handle it, it is very enjoyable. The only thing, (which is a personal thing) is that I like greens in my food, or at least for it to have something green in it. The options I had didn't have any peppers, etc, but I did try my boyfriends okra, which was really nice. So they do offer some good 'green' food options. They provided a good portion of food for the price and all up I think we paid 11 pounds for two meals. A great deal for a cheap and fast eat. I wouldn't go for the ambience, but they also do offer take away if you'd like to sit somewhere without florescent lighting or at home. A nice, quick meal for a reasonable price. I don't live in the area, but out of the few Indian places I've tried in Edinburgh, this was the best one.
I have been told a few times that this place is an inexpensive gem and for ten pounds I thought why not. The decor is pretty basic although that's to be expected with the low price offer. 
None of the  dishes were labelled, a pretty basic shortcoming for a buffet style restaurant. Indeed the first one I've ever been to that you have to make educated guesses on what you're actually eating. Secondly the way they were kept, displayed and the lack of fresh replenishments was abysmal. I haven't seen less desirable food in quite some time. After two plates of what I could safely assume was chicken in different and equally horrible guises I'd had my fill although I was in no way full. 
Yes it's ten pounds and it's budget buffet what's your problem I hear you say. I've been to tastier more bountiful buffets for a good four pounds less. I'd rather spend a little bit more cash and go to mother India's cafe or go to flip and have plenty of change in my pocket.
This place is great. Super cheap and a TON of food. The quality is much better than it should be for how much you pay. If you are a hungry traveler who likes Indian food, this is your place. The menu is limited, but the amount of food and tastiness makes this a 5 star. Note: this is not the ritz, don't expect a lavish meal. Just plain, simple , quick, and good.
As a long-term patron of Madison's Indian restaurants (Taste of India, Maharani, Maharaja, and Campus Biryani, so far), and as a former waitress at an Indian restaurant, I'm confident in saying that Flavor of India has some of the best North Indian food in the city.  Its menu is comparable in price and selection to most other Indian restaurants in Madison.  However, it has a few things that set it head and shoulders above other locations: decor, service, and a dinner buffet.

The walls are painted in rich hues, a welcome pick-me-up on blustery gray days filled with stinging rain and wind.  Even the ceiling is decorated in beautiful tapestries, preventing any grating effects of overhead lighting, while still allowing for the space to be bright and cheerful.  The service was excellent: prompt, helpful, attentive, and friendly.  They even gave my party complimentary papadam with tamarind sauce and mint and tomato chutneys!  The dinner buffet is a rare find in Indian restaurants, and at $12.95, it's quite reasonably priced.  It also features a number of dishes not listed on the regular menu, and many are vegetarian.  There's also a selection of several desserts.

For dinner last night, my companion and I chose to order samosas (flaky crust and well-seasoned contents perfectly accented by the mint chutney - $2.95), onion and black pepper kulcha (stuffed with sauteed onions, warm and fluffy - $2.95), and a shared entree of chicken tikka masala (rich, thick medium-spicy sauce in a vibrant orange shade, with perfectly-cooked moist chunks of chicken, unlike the sometimes-rubbery overdone chicken I've experienced elsewhere - $12.95, with complimentary rice, par for the course in Madison).  For drinks, my companion had a mango lassi (sweet and creamy, with beautiful presentation heretofore only seen at Taste of India), and I enjoyed a Taj Mahal (22-ounce Indian beer).  I had to stop my companion from licking the chicken tikka masala serving bowl.  This was more than enough food for two people, and we could hardly move after dinner.  Entrees are easily shared between two people.  Spice levels are adjusted for Midwestern taste buds, so be sure to stress a high spiciness level if that's your intent.
I had an excellent experience at Flavor of India last night.  The service was fast and polite, the samosas tasted homemade, the prices were exceedingly reasonable, and the food very tasty.  I had the chicken tikka masala - some of the best I've had ever.  My dining companion had the chicken shahikorma.  He was swayed by the cashews in cream sauce.  His dish was delicious, but we both agreed that mine was better.  The nan was perfect.  We were so stuffed from the shared samosas, our entrees, and nan that we had to forgo dessert.  I look forward to returning to Flavor of India very soon.
I'm well acquainted with every Indian restaurant in Madison, and this is the best hands-down. I sampled the vegetarian sampler appetizer, two vegetarian entrees, naan and mango lassi, and everything was excellently prepared. The fried vegetarian appetizer wasn't too greasy and had incredible flavor, the mango lassi the way it's supposed to be (thick and rich), and both the entrees were perfect. Flavor of India is a perfect compliment to the capitol square, however a bit hidden. I highly recommend it.
My mom, aunt and I go here pretty much every time we head to Madison.  We try to vary our orders to make our way through the menu, but the chicken tikka masala never fails to be amazing.  

A few weeks ago we did a take-away order and sat at the Concert on the Square with our dinners, I can't wait until next summer to do it again.  I also am dying to get up there during the day to try their lunch buffet.

The only thing I don't understand is that every time we're there we're usually one of only a few people in the dining room.  Madison eaters, go here!
wonderful lunch spot. the buffet was about 2/3 vegetarian, with some unusual offerings like mushrooms and turnips, along with channa masala, vegetable pakoras, some potato balls, and vegetable biryani. all the entrees were tasty and hot, but i wish there was a little more fruit and salad, because one plate of the delicious but oily foods did me in (and i almost ALWAYS go back for seconds!!). the chutneys - tamarind, mint, and onion - were mostly unremarkable, the onion was a little strong. but this was better than any Indian food i've had in quite awhile, and i appreciated the abundance of vegetarian dishes.
This place is fantastic! I was a little skeptical at first; I am one who tends to veer away from buffets.. but oh so delicious. Came in for a Saturday lunch and the place seemed to be full of regulars. Our waiter sat us, asked if we wanted anything other than water, and pointed to the back of the restaurant, where a buffet is set up against the back wall. There was salad, dessert, chutney, raita, naan, samosas, veggie pakoras, and about 12 kinds of curry. I'm not entirely sure what I tried.. I know I got some goat curry, channa masala, chicken tikka, mutter paneer... a little of everything really. Everything was so delicious.. probably some of the tastiest Indian food I've ever had. I am craving it right now! $8.95 buys you a lunch buffet.. 10% off with student ID!

(Also, save room for the mango ice cream.. mmmmm perfect ending!)
All of the other reviews are correct- the food here is awesome.  Minus one star, though, for the decor.  It was much prettier when it was the bar.  Ah, well..
I am from Seattle, and happened to be in Madison for the weekend.  I am a big fan of Indian food and was wondering if Madison had any good places to go.  I used Yelp to find this place, and decided, what the heck, I'll try it out.

The food here rivaled the better places I've been in Seattle.  It's not the best place I've been to, but it was definitely good, and I would go back.  I had the Chicken Tandoori Saag, hot.  They didn't skimp on the heat, which I appreciated, and the chicken was cooked well.  I would have liked the Saag to have a little more spinach, but it was good nonetheless.

I also had garlic naan, which I'm moderately obsessed with.  It was good.

Overall a good meal.  I can't comment on whether or not it was pricey.  It was about the same price as Indian food in Seattle, but I'm not sure if food is normally cheaper in Madison or not.
Coming from California (and formally managing an Indian restaurant there) I have high expectations when it comes to Indian food and Flavor of India lived up to it. I went to there buffet and my only complaint was that it was far too mild. Don't get me wrong the food was very flavorfull but I'd like to see more heat. I wish I had enough time in Madison to go there for dinner there menu is vast and I hear from my friends its spicier too. 

The only weird thing is they have beef curries, San Francisco doesn't have that.
I avoided this place for like two years because of the giant "STUDENT ID DISCOUNT" sign in the window, which I generally consider a bad sign--more fool I.

When my partner and I finally tried them, we were blown away.  They will make things super spicy if you ask them to (as my partner prefers), but they also make things appropriately mild if requested (I'm wimpy).  Their saag is delicious (one of my favorites), as is their chicken tandoori kebab, although I have to be careful with the latter because I think there's something in the marinade that disagrees with me--it's hard to say for sure because every time I eat it, I make a complete pig of myself.  Anyway, the naan is also good (various varieties--we like the spinach stuffed) and my partner LOVES their biryani.

They deliver via Straight2YourDoor, but if you don't want to pay the fee, they also do take-out.  Since they're right on the square, you don't even really need to live nearby as long as you have transportation of some kind, including a direct bus route.  And the 10% student discount is good at dinnertime as well as lunch (at lunch, they have a buffet; we've never gone, but it's under $10 a person).

I just hope they get a lot of delivery and lunchtime business, because it seems like whenever we go in at dinnertime, the place is more than half empty.  It'd be good for a group--you wouldn't have to worry about seating!  They definitely serve beer and wine; not sure about hard liquor.
Decent Indian food lacking REAL flavor. Lacking heat, otherwise it was still good
Went here for a Sunday lunch with friends and overall was happy with what they had to offer. I always try everything on a buffet (unless I know for sure I won't like it, hehe) so I can say that the buffet is kinda small but does have good dishes. They're Chicken Tikka Masala was SO SO YUMMY! And of course my favorite sweet dough balls, Gulab Jamun was also good. My friends enjoyed the Tandoori Chicken, and Vegetables in a yellow curry sauce. We also very much liked the Naan, even more so when they brought out the Cheese Naan! 

The one thing all of us detested was the Papadam. It was made from lentils and although we all had a different taste reaction it it (I thought it was spicy and bad, my friend just thought it was gross, another was intrigued but didn't much like it either and could taste that it was made of lentils), we all hated it.

Overall, for a quick basic Indian lunch, go for it! $10 per person :) I approve!
Quick visit to Madison and we needed something to warm our bones. Found Flavor of India here at Yelp and figure some spice would do the trick.

The place had the typical ethnic food vibe going on; quiet with white tablecloths and low lighting. Nothing to write home about, but since it was pretty empty it was just fine.

The food was good. I had the shrimp vindaloo and my girlfriend had the chicken curry. My 4 out of 5 spice wasn't very spicy for my tastes, but we all know that depends on the kitchen's hand that night. Overall, I'd give the food 3 1/2 stars. But the service is what won the over to 4 stars.

I didn't get his name, but the male waiter we had was excellent. At the end of the night, we asked about local dessert places and he not only recommended several but used his phone to look up the exact addresses. He also told us not to go to Cold Stone b/c it wasn't local, which always wins points for someone in my book. Totally went above and beyond and it was much appreciated from this out-of-town tourist!
Surprisingly good. Directly across the street from the capitol building in a nondescript storefront, but the interior is attractive and serene. Food was tasty, large portions, reasonable prices. Service was quite good although I see from the reviews that it has been erratic for others. My only complaint would be that when I asked for "hot" I got the American hot, not Indian "hot".
This place is incredible! You know that a college city with 1 out of every 3 students being Indian Asian is going to have a pleasant supply of delicious and affordable Indian food. Went in for the Buffet on a Monday afternoon and was blown away. Plenty of vegetarian options including saag paneer, vegetable korma, mushroom and pea masala, potato samosa, potato pakora, onion pakora, naan, mango ice cream, rice pudding, perfect gulab jamun, carrot halwaa!!!! delicious zucchini and potato dish, and at least 4 chicken/beef curries as well. Everything was perfectly flavored and presented. Absolutely delicious North Indian cuisine, flawlessly executed, very hospitable staff, two decent bathrooms, brand new cushions, nice lighting, just a really good dining atmosphere. Lunch buffet is $8.95 - that is a steal for someone coming from the West coast where they charge $12 for a measly 5 entree buffet. This is deluxe and delish!
We went to Flavor of India after a rally in Madison. I do not have Indian food often, so was apprehensive about the flavors and spices. The restaurant had few customers for a Saturday evening, especially since all the other restaurants around the Capitol were packed with protesters. The only downside of our visit was the initial amount of time it took to get service. They seemed short staffed. However, the 2 staff members that were there were very friendly and prompt. We had to flag the server down to place our order.

The food was delicious. When we left, I noted that I would come back to Madison just for dinner. I had the vegetable masala. My companion had the lamb masala. We greatly enjoyed these dishes and would highly recommend. We also had a fried cheese appetizer, and we were not as thrilled with that. The potato nan was great as well. 

Excellent food. Very impressed.
I ordered the Matter Paneer and Naan from Straight2YourDoor.com (excellent, speedy, pricey service).  The Matter Paneer had average flavor and spice, but it was lacking in substance.  I had a hard time locating the cheese pieces, and I think that is rather unacceptable for such a high margin dish ($11.99 for peas, curry and cheese).  The naan was tender, but a little flavorless and dry.  Final assessment, average to good, and I won't be rushing to order take out from Flavor of India anytime soon.  I think they could do better.
The diverse cuisine from the Indian subcontinent varies heavily by religion and ethnicity.  This place is owned and run by Indian Muslims, so the food is Halal (preparation of the food, but especially meat, is supervised by Imams, usually this means a step cleaner, more humane, than just U.S. Government inspected, but this isn't always true), and they serve beef curries (you won't find this in Hindu establishments, just like you won't find any pork in here).  The minimum critical mass of South Asian customers is in the area thanks to the elite graduate programs of UW-Madison to ensure that any Indian restaurant in this town has to be at least pretty good, and this one is a step up from that.  
     We first dropped in after a long, cold day of protesting for worker rights, and inexplicably, every other restaurant and bar surrounding the capitol was packed with cold weary protesters, this one was empty, normally a warning sign, but we needed to sit down.  A very helpful Madison police officer (who all seem ridiculously over-educated) recommended the place, but I was a bit leery since he was slim and in good shape, I usually get my better restaurant recommendations from fat cops). What a pleasant surprise, it was dhinchak (wonderful)! 
     The service was traditionally unhurried, the waiter was friendly and polite, and unlike a lot of South Asian Muslim restaurants, quite nice to my consort (my disobedient and independent gori wife, and chief of staff).  The papadum was hot, fresh, and crisp, served with what seemed to be fresh made chutneys, we enjoyed the shrimp curry, chana dal (chickpeas), and palak paneer (a distant cousin of American creamed spinach), make sure you order an Indian bread with your meal (chapati, paratha, nan, they have a good selection).  A nice basmati rice came with the meal, as it should. They have a wide selection of vegetarian dishes, almost a requirement in Madison.
     The decor is pleasant, though uninspired, nicer than the usual casual Indian joints, but not as elegant as more expensive formal Indian restaurants.  Instead of Indian music, they piped in some annoying Muzak-like smooth "jazz," though at a forgivable background volume. Surprising for a Muslim establishment, they have a good selection of wine and beer, some local, some Indian, there really aren't many places in Wisconsin to have wine from India.  Still, I recommend the Indian beer instead. 
     I highly recommend this restaurant for you firangi types who want to try Indian food, but are leery of the reputed heat of South Indian (Tamil) cuisine, the food here is pretty mild.  Try to eat the food like we do, with your right hand, it tastes better that way.  If you're a Desi bhai who likes your food spicy, know that I wasn't successful in getting them to make my food nice and hot, but in general I've found that Northern Indian Muslim cooking isn't relatively spicy, the food here is quite flavorful, it's not bland, it's just not hot enough.  I did get the waiter to bring me a "hot sauce," a red chillies paste which did have a little bite to it.  Finish your meal with a sweet Indian desert, like galub jamun and masala tea (chai), and don't expect the waiter to come running up with the bill, they employ Indo-Pakistani manners and expect you to relax after eating.  They're pretty attentive though, so they will bring you your check when you signal for it.
Try to avoid if buffet hours are almost over. Waiter was annoyed we came in 25 minutes before lunch close. Felt so unwelcome that I'll try not to go back. Food was ok, but nothing any more memorable than other Indian buffets in the city - there's several good ones.
Very good Indian food for very reasonable prices, especially when you consider that it is right on Capitol Square.  You can even get a discount with a student ID!

I got the vegetable korma, which was fantastic.  Sadly, there was no lamb korma, but that is okay.  Flatbread was good, especially the potato stuffed one.  We got complimentary soup, which was nice.  Service was very attentive.  Not a ton to say, otherwise.
The food was good!  It was very quiet and we had a nice double date.  The server was friendly and wasn't afraid to take an extra minute to talk to us.  It is a nice relaxing place for an evening meal.
Authentic Indian food. Very flavorful, reasonable portions. Very fair price value by NYC standards. Slightly above prices of other student venues nearby.
I've only gone for the lunch buffet - which is wonderful. I love their naan so much - spinach, plain, I don't care. Service at lunch is great - with plates being removed within seconds of going for round two - all for under $10/person.
I've never written a bad review on Yelp because usually I don't think it's worth it but I have to stand up and say that my partner and I had a horrible experience here.

I was over a year ago (maybe even two now) but we went in for an early dinner there.   We had eaten there two other times and had pretty good experiences there.  He's a celiac so it's nice to find places where he can eat almost everything.

We were eating our meal, the waiter was nice and we were the only ones there.  When all of a sudden ... there was MOLD in the food.

He had one of the curries and when he took a bit he made a terrible face and spit it out.  Sure enough, there was a speck of mold in his food.

Basically, they reheated the thing over and over again and he was left with "a dusty" taste in his mouth.

Absolutely gross.  I haven't even gone to an Indian food joint since because of this.

I'm very positive about places and worked in a restaurant for years but when I saw this on top restaurants in Madison on Yelp, I had to speak out.
Some of the best Indian buffet food I've had, great variety, full-flavor, depth and freshness. Naan and rice were not dried out, the gulab jamun was still soft and milky, not dried out and hard. The sauces were very rich and more flavorful, not-watered down- than what I would get at any Minneapolis Indian buffet. Great vegetarian selection. The only thing I would like to see is if they made fresh pickles, the ones they had out were pretty oil-soaked, probably not crunchy. I wish this place was closer.
Four stars for food, two stars for service. 

It was fairly empty when I went there and it took the waiter forever to come get my order. I had plenty of time to look at the menu and ordered my food and drink at the same time.

The food came out fairly quickly. I got the Chana Marsala. It was well made, pretty spicy and interestingly had veggies in it. A nice touch. The naan was overdone. It was fairly crispy and had obviously spent too much time in the oven.

The service was horrible. Didnt see my waiter after he delivered my food. Had to hunt down a different server for a refill on my Pepsi and I had to find somebody else to bring my check and take my money.

I would probably go back again, in hopes that I get better service. However the food is highly recommended.
I've tried the lunch buffet at two Indian restaurants in Madison, and I prefer Flavor of India. I don't claim to know Indian food well, but the flavors here just seemed a little better, although Maharani has more choices.
This was my first Indian experience in Madison, and honestly, I wasn't expecting much.

However, we were pleasantly surprised by their lunch buffet, which was a steal at ~$10. Their food wasn't the freshest, but that's to be expected from most buffet places. Their selection of food was decent, from samosas to chicken masala, from garlic naan to potato vindaloo, from saag paneer to rice pudding. 

The waitress also made sure we never went thirsty, immediately filling up our cups the moment someone took a drink. It was actually kinda disconcerting, but meh.
the turdoori chicken is good! the place is clean and the staff was friendly! the rice wasnt to my liking but it wasn't bad. Also my bf got the lunch buffet deal which we ot to go and it wasn't bad. For 9.99 he got rice, lamb, chicken, some dessert thing and bread, oh and rice. And a soup. See! Not a bad deal! lol. We got it to go. The place is sort of old school looking with the black and white title and pinkish decor but, like i said very very clean. Oh and the meal i got was also about 9 dollars. Wasn't the cheapest but i had the meal at 2. I'm still full! :)
It's not the best Indian food, but for the price it's good, and the service is friendly (family owned). The decor doesn't feel quite like an Indian restaurant, but more like a diner. It's a fun mismatch. Even weirder, there is also Filipino food on the menu! Strange combination, but I like it! 

I've only ever had the buffet. Some of the items are hit or miss, but the tandoori chicken is yummy and the aloo gobi is also very enjoyable. The owners don't always have the same thing on the buffet, so it's always a nice surprise to see what they're serving for the day. The paneer naan is delicious and I could happily eat only that for the rest of my life.
We go to Vegas 4 or 5 times a year.  We found this place by looking for Indian food online.  We finally got to eat there on 3/2/10.

We really liked the food.  It was fresh and tasty.  The Thali is especially good (the GF had this).  I had the Chilli Chicken.  Never had that Indian dish before.  It was very, very good.  Had A LOT of chicken in it. 

We will try the lunch buffet on our next trip up to Vegas (in Apr/May).

We met the owner when she took our order...very friendly.  I love to see owners actually work their business...shows they care.

Location is easy to find Decatur just south of the I-95 (in the Target Plaza).  Plenty of parking.
The other Yelp'ers really nailed it... no ambiance with the diner booths, but the food is good, and it's family owned, so you can't beat that.  And the prices are great.  We grabbed a $25 restaurant.com GC for $2, and I ended up paying under $30 including tax and tip for 2 chicken dishes, a shrimp dish, and two orders of nan.  My favorite was the chicken tikka masala... very flavorful.  Wish this place was closer to my house and/or was open later.  But I'll be back.
Boo, this place is out of business.
I visited Hurry 4 Curry on a Saturday evening for a take away dinner. I believe I visited on their second or third day of operation.

I entered a restaurant with modern decor that was spotlessly clean. Having read about the restaurant in the Republic prior to arriving, I immediately headed towards one of the two flat screen televisions to place my order. Ordering was easy and quick and the menus offered descriptions of the Indian food for those who may be unfamiliar with the cuisine.

I ordered butter chicken, naan bread and Basmati rice. This came to $8.50. It was a pleasure to see, as is done in many other countries, that the tax was included in the price of each item. While I could have swiped my credit card to pay at the "menu monitor," I chose to pay cash and received service from the friendly lady at the cash register. She also validated my parking in the AZ Center garage. My butter chicken (you can choose naan or rice as a side) was $7.50 and my naan was another dollar, which brought the total cost of my meal to $8.50. Because I was ordering take away, I did not order a drink. I did, however, see that the restaurant is applying for a liquor license; presumably for the sale of beer given that there is no "bar" in the quick service space.

After a wait of maybe five minutes, I received my food in what one might describe as "higher-quality" Chinese food boxes. The naan bread was wrapped in foil.

After a short drive home, I transferred my food from box to plate and began to enjoy my dinner. While the rice was very well cooked (generally fluffy and not clumped together), the naan (as the Republic also reported) was somewhat disappointing. While it was definitely naan and not pita bread, I found my serving to be almost cracker-like in texture and too cool of a temperature. (I assume this may be because the naan was prepared earlier in the day. I wonder, though, if they could have devised a way to warm the bread before serving in a convection oven?) My butter chicken was flavorful, but also rather cool in temperature. Portion sizes were more than adequate.

When I visited, the restaurant was empty. Because I hope this restaurant will survive (I think the concept is novel), I sent some of the concerns detailed above in the form of constructive criticism to the restaurant after eating my dinner. Would I return? Sure. I enjoyed a healthy, filling and flavorful dinner for a fair price. And, when I return, I will be happy to adjust my star rating upwards if some minor improvements have been made.
ok so here is the skinny on a place I have been anticipating for quite some time. Hurry 4 Curry is small, basic, and completely neat-o.

Ordering is done via touchscreen televisions and and paid for by swiping your credit card. If you want to pay cash, you can do so at the counter. You'll slow things down for sure, think of the visa commercials. They are pending a liquor license right now.

The people working there were nice, and offered to help me with the ordering process. Sorry, if you can't figure this out, you need to go off yourself immediately and stay out of the gene pool. 

The food is premade, and in 5 pots in the middle of the kitchen. When you order, they go get a plate, put some rice and some main dish on it and bring it to you. The food I got was tasty, albeit a bit underspiced. They are planning on staying open until 9pm nightly. I thanked them for their ambitious plans and let them know I hope they don't give up like a lot of places do. 

If you live in the city, and like this place, I ask you to do the same. It would suck if I got used to this for dinner and they changed to say, 6pm closing.
Too, too cool. 
I ordered on a touch screen, my first time doing so.
The buttered chicken was awesome!
I don't know much about Indian cusine but this restuarant gave me a nice introduction. I will be back...ALOT!
If you are looking for a fresh change of pace then Hurry 4 Curry is the place for you. I didn't know much about Indian food. Probably still don't know much more today....but I can say that I have eaten here several times and never have been disappointed. New Slick modern place, friendly staff, quick service all help make the place worthy of the visit. The food is outstanding. One of the things I like best is that the menu is changing all the time. There are new manager specials every time I visit. Now when I order I just go for the special....it hits the spot every time. I hope everyone gets a chance to discover this place. Downtown needs new creative places like this and this place makes Downtown PHX just a bit more interesting and lively. 
I cant wait for my next meal!
Not a bad place...
Its fast, convenient, and the food is not too shabby..

They have a daily selection of entrees you can choose from that are premade in pots.  You choose these items from a computer!  And you pay at the computer!  Very High tech...

I had the butter ck which was surprisingly edible and tasty!  The Naan was made on the spot with dough that they roll out and bake in their special oven:)  Nice
I also tried the Mango Lassi which was good, but I did not like the spice they sprinkle on top..

For the setup, location, price and food...I will be back!
Every dish is different, I have tried most of the stuff on the menu.  All of the dishes are flavorful.  I prefer either a chicken dish like the butter chicken or spicy curry chicken or tikka masala.  I also like the dishes that use cheese.  Every time I make sure to get the garlic naan no matter what entree I get.  The price is very reasonable.  The people are friendly.  I have been there plenty of times and I think it is the best food joint in AZ center.
Hurry for Curry, then wait. It took 25 minutes for me to get my order. Don't get it confused with the chain Curry in a Hurry, that would imply they are quick. Also don't get it confused with Naan and Curry in San Francisco, because then it would be cheaper, faster and better.
This is the second time I've eaten here. The first time I had the chicken curry (which took awhile too). Also, I was confused, because I thought Indian Curry is usually thick like a paste. This curry was extremely watery. Also, I was confused because they gave me a tiny little piece of undercooked bread, which I guess was supposed to be the naan.
The second time was when I had to wait (longer I mean). When I finally got my order, my extra order of naan wasn't ready. Although they certainly had enough naan for everyone else. I sat down, finished my food, and sure enough no extra naan. The naan I had was still undercooked, so I thought they would just under cook the extra too, since they don't bother to finish cooking it fully.
Furthermore, what's with the ordering through computers? Are they meant to save time? Or look cool? The line is always backed up with people navigating thru menus on these. Also, with the automated ordering machines, they should have extra man-power in the kitchen right? Nope.
Seriously, this is Indian food gone wrong. Next time you have a curry craving go for any of the great Indian restaurants in the valley, I've liked all the ones I've tried. Or if you're downtown, go next door to the Mexican restaurant, the pizza place, or (never thought I'd say this) Subway. If you have the time hop over to Breadfruit or Pastabar. Or just wait till people tire of this place and after it closes, eat at the new restaurant that takes its place.
Besides for my food not being especially hot, the food was great.  Quick service, good food, and great prices.  If I lived there I would be returning often
I was jonesing for chicken tikka masala. 
After resisting the temptation to be the loser eating at an indian buffet alone I decided to try this new place I'd been hearing about. 
After fighting downtown traffic and parking, I walk up to the touch screen and discover NO TIKKA MASALA. Super lame. Apparently the menu changes daily...I begrudgingly order the butter chicken and some naan. 
I was pleasantly surprised! I was expecting a generic Pei Wei experience but aside from the naan being a little rubbery and oily it was actually quite tasty. 
I really wish this place wasn't in the black hole that is the Arizona Center, er..."Copper Square". Whatever. By the looks of how dead it is at lunchtime I don't know how good the survival rate is but I'm excited to go back and try some of the other items!
Was so excited to have an Indian restaurant in downtown Phoenix that I can go to for lunch. Was instantly disappointed that they offer a limited selection of menu items (their menu changes daily and they offer a handful of items each day). Plus, they only use dark chicken meat (hello, white is so much healthier for you!). The food wasn't very flavorful. Portions were decent but would have much rather had a buffet.
Ate there today as a family after the movies.  The menu changes daily and you use a touch screen to order - no problem.  However, after I ordered, I stood in front of the counter to get cups for water for more than 5 min and was completely ignored by the two staff members.  Finally when another customer was paying cash for his ordered - something that still requires human interaction - I was able to catch their attention and get my cups.   So customer service - non existent.  

The food was pretty good, we had butter chicken, vindaloo chicken and dal with two extra naan's on the side.  The best entree was butter chicken, the vindaloo was tasty but not nearly as spicy as it should have been.  The naan was freshly made on the spot.  Overall though, I'd rather have gone to one of the many indian buffets for lunch - same price, better food and value.  Of course, don't think there are any in the area, so you'd have to make a trip.
Got takeout here the other night.  Disappointed there's no tikka or vindaloo on the menu but meh, it rotates so maybe I'll get lucky next time.  The service was courteous and fast, price was right, portions were adequate.  Naan turned out ok, as did the veg biryani and kidney masala.  I got butter chicken and the kidney masala to-go tonight, and dipped my tongue in--tastes ok.  I'd say more, but I'm in a hurry, bitches!

next morning edit: bummer, they burned the bean curry this time.  butter chicken was fine.  looks like the neighborhood still desperately needs decent indian takeout.
Indian food! 
New fangled technology! 
Cute name!  
Central Location, convenient to light rail! 

There's plenty to like, theoretically, but our experience  here was one and done. We arrived early evening, before a ballgame.  It seemed a little off peak, like maybe the B team was on duty. 

We ordered via the touch screen, and after a couple tries, generated a receipt.  Then waited a long while for "fast food", and it seemed longer because you dont get a human confirmation that it's even in progress.  Half the wait, I wondered if there was a problem - moreso because workers behind the counter looked as disoriented and idle as we were.  Eventually, they brought the food (or we retrieved it, i forget), but none of this inspired much confidence or good will.  

My curry was on the bland side. Not terrible, but this place is altogether too tentative.
Dinner before a show at the Herberger, we ate at Hurry 4 Curry at the Arizona Center.  A small place where you order & pay at a computer then pick up your food at the counter.  It seems everything was prepared in advance, as all of our orders were filled very quickly.  All four of us ordered something different and we shared, my favorite was the butter chicken.  Also the naan was good, served piping hot.
Pretty good Indian food in Phoenix.
I'm waffling between 2 and 3 stars ... Will I eat at Hurry 4 Curry again? Yes. Why? It was fast. It was not a sandwich. It is close to work. OK, I'm going with 3 stars because I will most likely go there over the other "in a hurry" options at the Arizona Center. 

My co-worker picked up our food (she said the touch screen ordering was great), and we both got the Butter Chicken. It was OK - nothing out of this world amazing, but it was very saucy (which I like). Next time, I'll probably get something with some spice. I didn't realize it was not going to be spicy at all.
Imagine the pickiest eater in the world.. then times it by a million.  That's my boss and most times I'm afraid to even suggest a place to eat to him.  He took me to this underrated downtown gem and I was instantly hooked.

First of all, if you don't know Indian food that's OK... Simply ask one of the servers for a sample.  They will let you sample everything but the made-to-order black pepper shrimp.

My favorites are the chicken vindaloo and butter chicken.  You must order some rice and garlic na'an to have the full taste experience.  This is why you see some yelpers complain about the sauciness and/or lack of fulfillment with their meals.

The spicy chicken briyan (sp?) is quite good, but has that all spice taste to it that always rubs me the wrong way.

My cousins are half Pakistani and I have had excellent Indian food.  This place is not far behind, so give it a shot.  And again, don't be shy to ask for a sample!
I was initially excited at the idea of fast indian food. The ordering eperance at the kiosk is novel. On my first and only trip to Hurry 4 Curry I was a bit disappointed. The menu lacked the number of options one would see at other Indian reatraunts. 

I ordered a dish that equated to a black stew of lentils and spices with naan. Despite the limited menu and ordering format it too the food several minutes to be ready. For the price ($7 no drink) the portion was very small as was the piece on Naan. The flavors were quite muted when compared to some Indian places, and this also disappointed me as I like bold and spicy indian foods. I gave their condiment a try, it looked like onions and peppers in a sauce, however it was just very very salty and lack any other flavor.

I then went to get my parking validated. I then found out when leaving the garage that the validation that this place offered was virtually useless. This ended up adding another $5 to a quick and small Indian lunch.
I was intrigued by the computer kisok ordering, however not getting the human interaction/acknowledgement that your order was received on was uncomfortable for me.  I ordered thier Butter Chicken and was given the choice of either rice or naan (why can't I have both for the $8, I can add to get both for at least $1 extra) and a mango lassi.  I selected my order To-Go and awkwardly waited, wondering if they got my order, if I was supposed to wait at the counter for my mango lassi or if it all came out at once.   It wasn't busy (like 3 customers waiting on To-Go orders) but the employees appeared just as awkward trying to put the food together.  The man before me had ordered one of their Specials that day the Butter Chicken Wrap.   The Butter Chicken was way to saucy for a wrap and the workers were clearly flustered by the fact that it was busting thru the naan.  The employees there wanted to make it over for him but he said he would take it as is.  They make their naan one at a time, which means you get it fresh but adds to the wait.

Like many of the other reviewers I waffled between 2 and 3 stars. While the food was good (not great), the awkwardness of the expereince has me dropping it to a 2.   Will I go back?  Yeah, until  I get a good Indian restaurant  downtown.
I wavered between 2 and 3 stars on this one, but I decided to be nice and round up.

I work in the Arizona Center. I walk by Hurry 4 Curry probably 2 or 3 times a day, but do not venture in.  Why?  I really don't have a taste for Indian Food, but came here with Scott W at his request.  Experience was okay, company was definately more exciting then the restaurant itself.

For starters, Menu was limited and pricey.  I went with the butter Chicken on Naan.  Ordered at the Kiosk, and paid with my card.  Poor Scott went serveral minutes before he was able to pay with cash.  Drink area is self serve.

We ended up eating outside.  Tables were wobbly, and you had to be careful.  (I've lost plates of food and hot drinks in my day from wobbly tables.  I get nervous!)  

My food was warm.  Not hot, but warm. I was dissapointed that it wasn't cooked hot.  

Anyways, I will be back, but only if someone else wants me to go with them.
This place gets a weak 3.  

Thursday evening I attended "[title of show]" at The Herberger (OYE) and decided I wanted to eat before the show.  I found out Amy B was going and I asked if she wanted to meet me somewhere close.  Arizona Center doesn't offer much in the way of cheap and quick and I wanted more than a sandwich.  I suggested this place and she said OK as she had not yet tried it either.

Ordering was simple.  The Kiosk had links to descriptions and stuff.  Without much going on in the place the folks working there seemed real busy without accomplishing anything, and we sort of got ignored for a few minutes at the counter.  And later, while we were eating, there seemed to be a bit of swapping of drinks and things with Mi Amigo's next door, and at one point one of the employees went around the corner and I think borrowed some foil pans from someplace.  I like the idea that friendly competitors will help each other out.  Also while we were eating the manager appeared and made the rounds of the tables to see how folks were doing.

Amy chose a butter chicken wrap and I ordered the butter chicken with rice ($7.75) and a soda ($1.50).  I don't eat much Indian/Middle Eastern/Mediterranean food so I didn't really have a lot to compare against.  My Americanized description is marinated chicken with rice covered in gravy.  The only difference would be the seasonings in the marinade and the gravy.  It was ok and a change from some of the more common fast food items.  It was, however, only lukewarm.  I think that has to do with a couple of things.  The food is kept warm in big clay pots and the choice of styrofoam plates.  Styrofoam doesn't handle high heat well but if they used paper it doesn't handle gravies very well.  They can't win on that one.  

I thought the meal was priced fairly given the location and the prep involved.  Given the choice of a similar cuisine I would choose Pita Jungle.  That isn't to say I would rule out going back here again if I was in the area.
This place is hip!  How do I know?  They followed the Code of M.C. Hammer.  

Too Legit to Quit?  Boooohhhh-ring.

2Legit2Quit?  Whoa!  Hip and innovative!  

I for one love integers, so imagine my enthusiasm when they decided not to open a Hurry For Curry and instead opened a Hurry4Curry!

There's all sorts of reasons 2 feel lukewarm about Hurry4Curry.

1) The self-serve touchscreens.  Are people really that excited about this?  Have they never touched an iPod?  I don't understand the thrill of being your own check-out person (a la the grocery store).  Isn't that what the people behind the counter are being paid to do?  And I get to do it for free?

2) A rotating menu.  Look, I can't tell vindaloo from biryani from Benny Agbayani (that's a baseball zing).   So I don't have Indian food favorites.  But IF I did, I think I'd find it really frustrating if I went in and my favorite thing was unavailable just because the owner/cooks are bored.  

3)  Maybe the prices are good.  Maybe they're not.  My meal, drink and naan was 481.11 rupees.  Err, excuse me.  Ten dollars and fifty cents.  It doesn't feel like a good deal for fast food.

The postiives?  Naan bread was warm and delicious.  Some added variety to an Arizona Center devoid of culinary inspiration.  (People: please stop going to Hooters.  Two worst meals of my life.)  Also, did I mention this already?  They have an integer in their name.

It's not destination dining but a good break from Chain Hell.
Good place for lunch. Most dishes are quite spicy. I wished the biryani was a bit milder. Naan is so so. 

I love the automated touchscreen order.
I really want to love this place.  The food is fresh and flavorful. The servings are large enough to share unless you're really hungry.  The garlic naan rocks and the butter chicken is still my favorite. I recommend always getting the rice with this dish, well I always get rice and naan with this.  My main issue is still with the concept. And the employees while friendly and willing to serve still manage awkwardly in the kitchen.  This visit they were having to play catch up from the previous shift which leftpots empty and dishes dirty. It was delaying the orders.
The self-serve ordering process is neat-o and fast. But the food is not good -- at all. 

I had the daal, which lacked any trace of flavor. Just imagine some lentils in a starchy, soupy goop. Some salt might have been nice, any seasoning really. It was barely edible, with a thorough dousing of Tabasco.

The naan was in insult to all that is naan. Instead of light, fluffy bread, with a crispy, slightly charred shell, I got a tough, greasy, tortilla-like thing, slathered in a butter-like substance.

Two stars for the concept and the really tasty iced tea.
Closed! it would seem they did not pay their rent and the AZ center locked them out
Finding something different amongst the hundreds of chinese, indian or italian restaurants in Edinburgh can be a challange - however, located near the city's university, Namaste Kathmandu may just be the place you were looking for.

Specialising in both Indian and Neplaese dishes, there is no chance of you not finding something you want to try on either the main or lunch time menu's - or at least, thats what I found! The Daal which I ended up settling for way fantastically presented, and thankfully tasted as good as it looked! 

With a large dining area, as well as a private function room (for up to thirty guests), Kathmandu is a great place for a different night out.
Looking for something to eat around downtown Edinburgh we found this Nepalese place among Pubs and food chains. Good warm food, at reasonable prices. I had a mild chicken order and didn't get disappointed . When you there order the Nepalese section of the menu as the Indian part you can find anywhere else
I really love Indian food, and there's nothing like that feeling of culinary satisfaction when you're presented with an awesomely tasty meal, with the perfect mixture of flavours and spice levels you require for your fusspot palate. Namaste offers up all of these delightful factors for your consumption, plus the food looks great when it's presented, with the traditional brass looking bowls and serving spoons. This is well above average Indian cuisine, and really reasonably priced considering that fact. I love the Karahi dishes, and the classic Rogan Josh, but there are a range of both Indian and Nepalese dishes to select from.

The staff at Namaste are super friendly and accomodating, and there's a fair amount of seating room, although you might have to book ahead at weekends. The interior, although nothing super fashionable or over the top, is comfortable and feels welcoming. You're also minimal steps away from various Grassmarket drinking joints if you fancy imbibing a few after dinner.
I first ate at Namaste Kathmandu several months ago with friends as we thought it was a Japanese restaurant with it being called 'Namaste', and so we were quite confused when it materialised that this is an Indian and Nepalese place. Oh well, it was still a delicious meal.

Situated just around the corner from the main University Campus George Square, Namaste Kathmandu is a convenient place to reach and would be a great place to go for dinner or lunch. 

Namaste Katmandu's menu offers a selection of authentic Nepalese and Indian dishes including dumplings and curry's, and their menu is split into Nepalese and Indian meals so you know what type of curry you are ordering. I had a Nepalese vegetarian soup to start which was really tasty and clearly made with fresh ingredients. For my main, I ordered the Fish Tikka Curry, which was marinated sword fish and it was tasted really amazing, full of flavour and super fresh - yum! 

They have a huge selection of vegetarian dishes on the menu so there is something for everyone. It is also pointed out on the menu which curry's are mild and which are hot, which is incredibly handy and means you won't get your head blown off with an unexpected chili. The prices are really reasonable at Namaste Kathmandu, with most main dishes priced at round eight pounds.  A lovely place to go for gorgeous tasting food.
Namaste Kathmandu serves excellent Nepalese and Indian food.  The combination of these two similar cuisines makes for a more interesting experience and you can compare where the two types of food differ.  I've not eaten much Nepalese food so I went for the Bhute Ko Kukhura which was chicken marinated in a whole range of spices.  My mate went for the fish Tikka which looked delicious and creamy.  Our meals seemed to take no time to arrive and tasted great when they did.  My chicken was pretty spicy, but it also had an amazing range of flavours and the chicken was as tender as I've tasted.
Our meals, along with some boiled rice, cost less than a tenner which was a brilliant deal considering the quality and portion sizes of the food.  We'll hopefully be here again.
I went here with a friend on arriving in Edinburgh and I'm not sure where it's because I had such a wonderful experience at the amazing Gurkha's Diner in Balham but I was unfortunately left a little underwhelmed.

The food was good. I had the Pudini Chicken and my friend had the Lamb Palak. Unfortunately they got confused with our dishes and announced them incorrectly so we ended up with the wrong dishes. However, we'd intented to share anyway so no bother really but coupled with the fact that they brought us the wrong side dishes, it wasn't so good!

I always appreciate attentive service in a restaurant but here it was a little too much for me. To check once, maybe twice, during a meal is usually enough. However, our waiters checked in with us five times and just made me feel a little under pressure. My friend was performing in a show a little later on so we decided to only have a glass of wine each (I like to drink but didn't think the best part of a bottle of wine on my own after a 5 hour train journey was the best idea!) However, the waiter almost told us off for not purchasing a whole bottle which was a little off-putting!

There's a good choice of food on offer with both Nepalese and Indian dishes and all the food tasted great and is good value for money. It's just a shame the service lets it down a little.
The food here was good - bhindi was flavourful, mango lassi was just the right consistency, papamdums and rice were good accompaniments. That aside, I found the service here was a bit poor and inattentive- it took us 20 minutes to get the bill and I found that our waiter constantly trying to upsell us on everything from beer to appetizers. Felt like eating at a used car lot.
I have experienced a LOT better than this, and a lot cheaper too. Our food was lukewarm and lacking in meat, especially for the price paid. I'd avoid like the plague, to be honest.
The first time I ate the food from namaste was by ordering take away I've recently been to the restaurant to eat in as well my opinion about the restaurant remains unchanged. The food is quite delicious and is well presented, the selection is fantastic as there is a large variety and had both Indian and Nepalese cuisines. The restaurant could do with a bit of brightening up as it's quite dim inside. My only quarrel is that it is slightly pricy and I have have better food for much less. Nonetheless it is different from the usual variety that is available in Edinburgh. I would recommend the paneer makhni and the prawn malabari! My favourite dishes Yum!
One of my favorite restaurant in the world ! Best Nepalese/Hymalayan I ve tried so far !
Just beware of spicy level, it's very different from indian cusine
If you don't spice a bit it is a bit too sweet
Like the decor a lot !
I dropped into Tandoori Times one night after reading a good review about it in a newspaper. I spent a few years in the Bay Area, where I became accustomed to tasty hole in the wall Indian food joints rich with sauces and flavors. The only thing they typically lacked, though, was presentation. The restaurants were often uncomfortable or dirty but, in spite of that, the food made it worth the trip. 

Tandoori Times is unique. First of all, there is very little quality Indian food in the Phoenix metro, so that alone sets it apart. On top of that, its appeal is radically different from what I experienced around SF. This place is clean and cool, with sleek decor and comfortable booths to boot. The naan was fantastique, and the food was almost as good, but not quite. The richness and abundance of flavors weren't quite as present as with their slightly grosser counterparts in Cali. 

Not cheap, but, then again, hard to come by. I'll be headed back the next time I start feeling the need for some Tandoori chicken and naan.
I liked Tandoori Times, but it is just too difficult to get to if you don't live in the area.

I thought the food was not the normal Indian fare that I have eaten:   

* Presentation was stepped up a bit.  
* Food quality was great.  
* I was a bit disappointed by the selelction of food, but I guess it is better to do a few key things well than offer a bunch of variety that is not as good.
* Tables and booths were dressed up a bit.

I would return here if in the area, but otherwise I prefer Maharaja Palace.
As I ate my umpteenth-takeout meal from here tonight (mmm...malai kofta...) I thought it was about time for me to review this place.
I really like it. The food at Tandoori Times is just more flavorful than it is at many other Indian restaurants in Phoenix, and I believe the ingredients are of a better quality.
 I do wish they had slightly more vegetarian options here, and I really wish they had pakoras on the appetizer list -- but other than that, I can't complain. And, while I like the place, my husband absolutely loves it, especially their lamb dishes.
Also, I have to admit, I'm emotionally attached to this place as my husband and I had the rehearsal dinner for our wedding here last October. They were able to pull it together for us with only a few weeks notice (our other selection had flaked out on us at the last minute). They were really accommodating when we were running late that night, and even started bringing out appetizers to our guests who got there before us (it was supposed to be a buffet, but they were thoughtful enough to improvise). Everyone loved the food, from the meat-and-potatoes Midwestern uncles to the Indian aunties, so that says a lot right there... also, their outside patio is lovely.
*****MOVED TO 8140 N. Hayden Rd. in Scottsdale

Indian Cuisine is my nose, mouth and eye's favorite food.  Although my stomach sometimes would disagree mildly.  But I don't care!  It's worth it!  
Upon entering Tandoori Times, located next to the brand new "Forbidden" night  club on 5th avenue in Old Town, Scottsdale, I notice what I like to call an Honesty Kitchen.  (The first thing I noticed, was the familiar fragrances one always smells upon entering and Indian Restaurant).  I have never seen an Honesty Kitchen in an Indian Restaurant.  It was Amazing!  Not only can you watch the chef's skewering the meats and vegetables on the long spikes and placing them into the enormous tandoor ovens, you can also see them do little dances as they cook.  I enjoyed watching them just a bit more than the belly Dancer (on busier nights), although she was just darling.  I avoided her whenever possible.
Back to the food- You can find the usual fare of  Naan, Tandoori, masalas, chutney as well as a bevy of vegetarian favorites.  Each time I have been into the restaurant i was met by the gracious owner, Sonny, who has greeted me kindly.  His friendly and surprisingly knowledgeable staff are equally welcoming.  The patio is roomy but last I checked, needed some attention.
I would probably not dine here then go to Forbidden for all  night dancing, but that's just me.  Instead, I would recommend the opposite.  You may not find what you want at the Clubs, but you will find it at Tandoori Times.
Alas, my craving for Indian food came to the point where I had to breakdown and eat Indian food on the West Coast. :(  I'm sorry to say that my craving for Indian was not met and the "timing" to eat at "Tandoori Times" couldn't have been worse.

To start off my first sign of disappointment was when I called to see if the had a lunch buffet

They didn't.  What Indian Restaurant doesn't do a lunch buffet!?

Well two to be in exact, which happens to be the only two Indian restaurants in Old Town Scottsdale (Tandoori Times and Jewel of the Crown) which is where I work, of course.

The cuisine...

First off, I'm a big believer that you can judge an Indian restaurant by their chicken tikka masala, so since this was my first visit to Tandoori, I had to try it.   Let's just say it was okay at best.  The tikka masala was little bit spicier than usual, which is fine with me, and it also had the right consistency and richness from the cream you expect, but it missed the slight sweetness that contrasts the spices from the sauce.  Disappointing.

Next was the naan.

The naan came out warm and had that ever so slight crispy outside that I adore, but the inside was slightly doughy or little too moist, which made the naan slightly chewy after it cooled off.  It was still good, but come on; you can at least master the basics right?

Wrong.

Let's go to the rice.  First and foremost I don't ever recall where you had to pay for rice at any Indian restaurant.  Well guess what?  I did.  $2.50 to be exact!!!  And for $2.50, did they master this staple side dish?  Noooo...

It wasn't like it was horrible but I have never had Indian rice that was oily; it was slight, but you could taste and feel it.  Overall texture and flavor was sub par, but I couldn't get over the slightly oily taste and texture.  All I could think was that I was eating Chinese fried rice (b/c of the oiliness) with my tikka masala.  Sigh... Oh well.  Atleast they gave a hearty portion.

Decor was adequate, dark green and red colored sheer covered sections of walls and was used a divider to break up the room.  But what was up with the standard white office acoustical tiles in the ceiling?  Atleast black it out like most restaurants.  I felt like I was at work or in some weird episode of The Office.  An episode when Steve Carell's character, Michael, decides to go to an Indian restaurant at lunch and notices the same thing...but to only make an erroneous comment out loud so everyone in the restaurant could here, starts mocking Indians and their accent and everything then goes down hill: something I would only laugh if on TV, but would not in real life.  I couldn't get over the fact that on top of that they had the audacity to then painted random acoustical tiles dark red and blue, which made your eyes look up at the ceiling.  I'm clueless on that one.

Anyways, I am very hard pressed to find a reason to go back Tandoori Times.  For all you Phoenicians you never had Indian Food, save your taste buds and go to NYC or anywhere back east and try it there.  But if you get the urge, I would suggest go to India Delhi Palace on McDowell Road.  The food is actually pretty good, for AZ standards that is.

More along the lines of 2 1/2 Stars
Okay, so as a person of Indian descent, I had to comment on Tandoori Times. It's damn good! I took my parents and 5 friends out there, we ordered basically one of everything and a ton of Kingfishers (best Indian beer ever) and spent less than $200. Lunch is not too shabby either, any one of their wraps hits the spot.... they're extra yummy because they use naans as the wrap.

My mother, who despises going to Indian restaurants, even liked it.
I just went to Tandoori Times tonight for my friend's birthday and I really liked it. Everything was delicious, especially the lamb, and the naan was soo good (the garlic naan, the cheesy naan was a little bland). The service was good, and they gave my friend a free dessert. I did think the restaurant could have used a little more personality, maybe some nicer decorations or better music, but otherwise it was great, would definitely go back again.
I met a friend of mine here for lunch the other day.  She has raved about this Indian food place that she said I had to try.  I used to live in the Bay Area of California, and I had some of the best Indian food while I was there, so I was a little skeptical that I would find something good here in Arizona.  My friend was right, the food here is awesome.

I liked the variety of naan that they had here, from plain to garlic to whole wheat.  We got the whole wheat, which soaked up the yummy goodness of the sauce that came with my lamb masala.  This dish was just spicy enough, very flavorful, and the lamb was super tender.  My friend is a veggie and got the dal makhani, which my carnivorous self actually found quite tasty.  And to top it all off, they had some chai tea that was out of this world.  It's a far cry from the sweetened chai stuff that you get at Starbucks, very flavorful.

The service here was very great and attentive.  I'm not sure how this place would be around the dinner hour, but for lunch we were seated quickly and served quickly as well despite quite a few people being there.  I can't wait to come back!
FOOD: Everything I ate - Chicken Tikka, Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Biryani, Mattar Pineer, Lamb Vindaloo, Mumbai Shrimp, and Garlic Naan - were all great. I drank a King Fisher (Indian beer) and it was pretty good, better than most American bottled beers. Mango lassi was good, as it is in most places. 

PRICE: It's about $9-13 for each dish, and $3 for naan. 

ATMOSPHERE: Decently nice restaurant, not very much Indian decor. The music can get a little too loud. Right when I jokingly said, "A belly dancer should come out and dance to this music," one actually freakin did. A white one. It was entertaining and awkward. But when a little girl went to dance like the belly dancer, that was hilarious. I swear that little kid danced for an hour straight. 

SERVICE: The waiter, who I've seen at campus multiple times, was helpful and polite. 

SKINNY: This is the best Indian restaurant I've been to in the phoenix area. I'm going back for sure to satisfy my Indian food cravings.
Any place that has belly dancers shake their stuff in your face during dinner gets high marks in my book.

I think the belly dancer(s) are there only on the weekends around 8, but you might want to check it out.

Loved the food.   Garlic naan, very good.  The kitchen is partially open which is nice because you can see them put the meat skewers out of the ovens (maybe they call them tandoors or something) anyways very good food.

I bit more upscale than most other Indian places in the valley.
Sometimes I get a real hankering for Indian food.  We decided by the reviews we read to try Tandoori Times.  LOVE IT.  We've been back a few times since.  

Everything I've tried there I've loved.  My favorite is the Saag Ghost.  My only disappointment is that they don't serve Pakora's at dinner, and I never make it there for lunch.  But they redeemed themselves by having one of my favorite white wines on the menu (Torrontes).  

The belly dancer is cool, just make sure you don't sit under one of the speakers in the ceiling, they crank it.
definitley one of my favorite restaurants in the valley. Tandoori Times never disappoints. Their naan bread is excellent. Any dish I have ordered has always been delicious. 
Tandoori Times is good for a romantic dinner or a casual get together with friends or family.
Oh F*CK yeah!

Okay so Ive had Indian food before.. generally the stuff you can buy at Trader Joe's or make can make at home. However I have never been to an Indian restaurant before.. Ive always wanted to try but the health reports and the chronic cockroach problems always seemed to keep me and the Mr away. 

After seeing a write up on Chow Bella I decided that I'd take the plunge! It was SO worth the chance.. totally clean, super friendly staff, great drinks and delicious food! We ordered heavy to cross section the menu.. not one dish sucked out of the 7 dishes that we ordered. The rice pudding made certain parts of me stand on end.. it was that good! 

I'm very much looking forward to coming here again.. if I were into the ladies I would have buried my face right into the belly dancers boobs.. seemed like the thing to do after a couple of the best long island ice teas!!
Since everyone in my family digs Tandoori Times, I've wandered in for eight or nine earlybird dinners and, honestly, I'm a little underwhelmed.  Definitely not bad or awful, but maybe if I sandwiched a later supper  between undulating bare bellied vixens and a couple of Kingfishers, I'd stumble out with a hazier (and happier ) overall impression.  

Nothing I've ever eaten here was truly bad enough to take back - or savory enough to inspire a return visit. Portions tend to be small and sauces are, by and large, mild and rather one dimensional.  Other than the garlic naan, I cant  remember a dish smelling really awesome as it wafted by, which is a shame considering Indian cuisine is among the world's most aromatic.   

I was eager to share yesterday's lamb boti kabob, as the portion was good sized - about 15-20 small cubes of lamb (not mega kabob sized cubes, but a very respectable portion for $10-11), on the usual tandoori bed of onions and peppers.  The lamb exterior was nice & crusty, but the inside wasnt moist and tender like you'd expect from tandoori - instead it was hard, chewy and disappointing.  Companion's entree was 3 tiny vegetable fritters or dumplings buried in a thick sauce, that looked more like an appetizer.  Chicken dishes are generally better - the tandoori version is good, and similar to most Indian joints.  I recommend the three hot relishes (red sauce, green puree, and pickled peppers) provided tableside, as house preparations, at least in my experience, tend to be mild. 

Servers are generally Anglo, pleasant and competent during the meal, but just about every time we walk in for dinner at 5 or 5:30, the entire operation seems almost startled by our presence. Nobody's overtly rude, but instead of a really warm welcome, you kind of get four or five employees hanging out at the bar staring at you, as if mentally choosing straws to see who has to deal with the first dinner customer of the evening. It's not oppressive, but it's happened more than once and I'm not crazy about the vibe.  

I do like the complimentary, self serve chai tea and open kitchen, providing an opportunity to stretch one's legs and socialize a bit. Nice touches.   The menu is extensive, all told about sixty items, and reasonably priced for Indian food. Indian textiles, jewelry and artwork is often on display, for sale, and the house music is too loud if you have the misfortune to be seated under a ceiling speaker. It got turned down, eventually, but any restaurant with a few years under it's belt ought to understand customary American tolerances better than that.  

The atmosphere is up and down. Food's OK. Service is OK. Ask my family and they'll each give it four or five stars. In my book, Tandoori Times is just OK.
Well I am not the best person to ask about East Indian cuisine. It would not be on my list of top choices. So that being said, I will share my impressions of Tanroori Times. I have been there twice for lunch. Both times my party had the same waitress, and both times she was so slooooowwwww. The second time she accidentally charged us for 2 instead of 4 chicken lunch specials. We were honest --  pointing out the undercharge. She proceeded to totally screw up the change (pocketing the $24 cash) and then overcharging the three debit cards as if we did not supply cash as well. If I did not know better I would have said she was blonde. Sheeshh.

They desperately need some sort of new ventilation system. It smells like all the smoke from the kitchen is not venting out correctly. The AC is way too cold. Several in my party were cold. And the bathrooms were gross. The food was tasty, but I'll pass on this one next time.
My belief has always been that at a restaurant, nothing matters but the food.  Service can be abysmal as long as the food is good.  Tandoori Times has changed my beliefs about this, and I now realize that service can be so amazingly terrible that it can completely ruin a dining experience.

Dinner started innocently enough.  We sat at a table not far from the bar, and our server started out asking us what we'd like to drink.  The server had a young kid with her, maybe 5-6 years old, and the kid was helping her with things.  I thought it was kind of strange, but I assumed it was probably our server's kid and that she couldn't find a babysitter for the night or something - no big deal.

I ordered a dirty martini, and our server went back to the bar to mix our drinks (she told us the bartender had already gone home for the night, even though it was only 6PM).  Since our table was near the bar, we could hear what was going on there, and within a minute or two, I heard the server asking the rest of the staff if they knew where the olive juice was.  After a minute or two of searching, the staff concluded that they were out of olive juice.  At this point, I expected our server to come back and ask if she could get me a different drink.  She didn't.  Instead, she started asking the staff what she could substitute for olive juice, and they concluded that saltwater would be good.  Ugh.  She brought me the drink and pretended it was completely normal and nothing was wrong.  I pretended I didn't know any better, took a sip of the drink, and told her it was beyond awful and it tasted like they had used salt instead of olive juice.  She acted like she couldn't imagine why this was, and she said that she would take the drink off of my bill.  When she picked the drink up from the table to take it away, the young kid I mentioned earlier bumped into her and knocked the drink out of her hand.  She spilled a bit of it on me, and most of it on the floor.  She then walked away and offered no help of any kind - no napkins or anything.  This spilled drink stayed on the floor _the entire rest of the meal_, and they never cleaned it up.  When we eventually left, I was tempted to "slip" on it, pretend I severely hurt myself, and start yelling about how careless their staff was, how they could be held liable for injuries, blah blah blah.  I just wanted someone to recognize that it was ridiculous for them to not clean up things that they had spilled, but it really seemed like they didn't care at all.

Anyway, the server asked if I wanted something else to drink instead.  I went for a gin and tonic.  When she got back to the bar, the first thing I heard was "What's in a gin and tonic? How do I make one?" Sigh.  Anyway, the gin and tonic turned out okay, all things considered, but at this point I was pretty sad from what had already happened.

Finally, we got to ordering our food.  Our server came over, asked what we'd like, and as we started telling her, we noticed she wasn't paying any attention.  She was just watching her kid and talking to her.  So, we got to repeat our order again, and this time she actually paid attention and wrote it down.  Yay.

Awhile later, our food came out - we got two naans (one paneer, one chicken), chicken tikka masala, palak paneer, and rice.  The naans were pretty average, nothing really special.  The chicken tikka masala was actually pretty good, and was the only decent part of the whole meal.  The palak paneer was some of the worst I've ever had, and I'm pretty sure they just emptied a defrosted bag of frozen spinach over some cubes of paneer.  It tasted like no spices or any kind of flavoring had been added.

In the middle of eating, we were interrupted by the server and her kid for a rather awkward moment.  The server made her kid apologize for knocking over my drink, and then they walked away.  Congratulations Tandoori Times on making our dinner that much more uncomfortable.

Our server didn't seem to care about anything throughout the whole meal - she never asked how anything was, if we needed anything, etc. When we were done eating, she came by and dropped off the check, without removing our plates from the table or even saying a word.  We had been charged an extra $2.50 just to have rice with our entrees, which I think is pretty ridiculous.  Anyway, I took out my credit card and she came by to pick it up, again without saying a word.  We left quickly, wanting to get our Tandoori Times experience over with as soon as possible.

When we left, I was pretty frustrated and angry, which is not how one should feel when leaving a restaurant.  I will never, ever, ever come back here again.
Check out their mutter paneer, and the curries.  Complimentary chai- just walk up to the bar and serve yourself.  Order some naan.  Excellent paneer wrap with tamarind sauce.  If you're looking for good value, check out their daily specials (small-sized entree, side salad, naan, and rice).  For those with a sweet tooth (like me!), try their HUGE pieces of gulab jamun... mmmm!

One huge caveat that begs the question of the authenticity of the meals served at this restaurant-- the appearance of beef in the menu.  Holy cow!  This is the main reason I haven't gone back.  Therefore, when I'm dining in Scottsdale, I am either at Jewel of the Crown or Indian Delhi Palace on McDowell.
I thought this place was not that good for Indian food. 
The place was not that clean. Overall I have had much better Pakistani/Indian food and wouldn't really recommend this place to anyone who would want very good food.
Imagine if you were Pakastani and you wanted to open a restaurant that would cater to the mainstream. You would make it trendy inside. You would offer a nice bar. You would hire American people as your servers. And you would make the food not so spicy. In essence, you would create the PF Chang's of Indian Food. You would give it an Indian sounding name like Tandoori TImes and remove any vestiges of Pakistan as Indian restaurants are better recognized and thus seen as a safer option among the mainstream.  Well, that's exactly what Tandoor Times is. 

Being Indian, I prefer Indian food meaning I like all the grilled meat items but they better be able to make quality sabjis and vegetarian dishes too.  Tandoori Times is a Pakastani restaurant; it's not an Indian restaurant. It's almost the same but their dishes are different. Pakastani cuisine involves Tandoori items and grilled items. Their cooking style is less spicy and offers less cream in their dishes.  Indian (Punjani/North Indian) food involves Tandoor items as well in addition to vegetable dishes, more variety and types of curries and is spicier and more flavorful in general. If you are a non-vegetarian like myself, you can survive on the curries and the shish kebob and other meat items. However, when you taste their chaat, deserts and vegetarian sabjis, this restaurant clearly does not know what they are doing.  If you are vegetarian of Indian descent, you will be sorely disappointed.  Nothing against Pakastani cuisine but vegetarian dishes are not your forte much like curries and grilled options are not really a part of South Indian cooking.  

The food is on the mild side. Of course, if you ask them to make something hotter, they can but their food in general is not very spicy and is bland with the exception of some of their curries.  If you are a Non-Indian and you want to try Indian food for the first time, this would be a good place to start. If you are someone who has eaten quality Indian food and wants the real thing, avoid this place because this is as far from being the real thing as possible. 

The service and ambience was quite nice. I think that's the real draw of this restaurant since most Indian restaurants have poor service and often a dirty or claustrophobic environment.  This is a trendy restaurant in old town Scottsdale that you could take a date to.  The service was good when we went there but at the same time the servers were pretty ignorant of the menu and didn't know a lot about Indian food.

Being Indian, this place was just a bunch of hype.  Yes, it was neat to see friendly American people serving Indian food since I'm used to Indian waiters who are abrupt and to the point.  I liked the ambience but the food was disappointing. Their palak paneer honestly tasted as if some non-Indian person decided to try and make it from a cookbook at home. It was not spicy nor was it cooked properly. Their malai kofta was not even malai kofta....let's put it that way.  I will say this, their Tandoori chicke was probably the best I've had in the valley and that's not suprising since Pakastani cooking involves meat and they know how to grill meat well but outside of their meat dishes, it was completely lackluster. 

The bottom line is that if you are an Indian person or a person who is used to eating quality Indian food and you want honest to goodness quality INDIAN (not Pakastani) food, avoid this place.  If you are a non-Indian person wanting to check out Indian/Pakastani food and just want to have a good time, this place is for you.  Note, however that the prices are rather high for an Indian/Pakastani restaurant so you are paying for that ambience.
Oh man this was good indian food. Coming from a native, I hope this means something!

Another restaurant close to my hotel so I decided to try it out on my way back (ate at My Big Fat Greek Restaurant last night) to the room. Seating confused me at first because the sign said seat yourself but there was also a host directing people to tables. Whatever...

Pretty extensive menu. I ordered the beef seekh kabab wrap and the butter chicken with rice and a plain naan. Kind of annoying that none of the curries come with rice or naan (and rice is 2.50, 1.75 for a plain naan). Luckily I was on the expense account so I didn't care about the cost too much. Food took a while to come out, but there was also a large party ahead of me which got served first. The kabab wrap consisted of a monster thick kabab, nothing wimpy like some other restaurants to with the usual accompaniments. 

The butter chicken was thick and creamy and the serving dish was filled to the brim (almost overflowing). There was a decent amount of chicken in there, definitely not skimpy like many other restaurants. It tasted delicious and no one seasoning was overpowering. The portion was pretty big and between the kabab wrap and the butter chicken, two people could easy have eaten and been satisfied. 

Overall delicious food and pretty good service. They don't really have a full bar (as they advertise), there are maybe 10 spirits with a few mixers, and beer. I didn't imbibe, but the selection was pretty standard fare (rum, scotch, tequila, vodka) and looked decently priced (at least according to the drink menu).
Tandoori Times turned out to be an impromptu Valentine's dinner for my husband and I.  We just usually don't do dinner out on V-Day.  Not that we have anything against the big day, but my idea of a romantic dinner out does not involve 50 other couples having their special dinner at the same time.  Anywho, fondue was the plan, but I neglected to buy anything to dip into the imaginary cheese I also failed to buy.

We settled on Tandoori as neither of us had been there, just down the street from home, and we didn't expect it to be a major Valentine's destination.  I was pleasantly surprised they were offering a complimentary rose for the ladies.  Complimentary, as in free.  No dude peddling his roses to unsuspecting men who may have previously neglected the flower ritual and know they are damned if they do (like a $5 rose is going to make up for screwing up the flower thing) and damned if they don't (he's so cheap, he couldn't even buy me a stinkin' $5 rose).  Nice touch, no pressure, woman happy, all is well.

We started with the bread basket which had to be a concoction of Robert Atkins' evil twin.  It had four kinds of Naan (plain, onion, garlic, and potato).  We ate all we could and then some and still had leftovers.  I had the chicken makhani which is a tomato based curry with herbs and spices.    Perhaps a little too spicy if you can't tolerate any heat, but for me it was perfect.  My husband had the lamb vindaloo.  I tried it and it was a little too hot for me, but it was pretty damn good I must say.

We found our server to be pleasant and attentive.  I'm sorry we didn't go sooner (actually we tried, but they close between lunch and dinner) as they are moving their Scottsdale location to Hayden & Via de Ventura.  Somehow I think we'll make the extra effort to go again.  But I will attempt to avoid the belly dancing-I've got more than enough belly of my own.
Tandoori Times

Volume 1, Issue 1, Number 1.  Limited run.  Copyright 2009, Mejimbo Enterprises.  All Rights Reserved.  

Dateline 7 May 2009
Scottsdale, Arizona

    Yelpers Jim W and Audrey W were reportedly seen enjoying lively conversation and delicious Indian food with Donald S and Carin S.  Witnesses claim the group was laughing loudly at times.  One bystander reported, "That was a guffaw.  That outburst right there was definitely a guffaw.  Wild stuff."

    Sources have related to this publication that the group dined on two appetizers, one known as a bread basket which consisted of four types of naan bread.  Jim W was overheard to say, "I really like the onion naan."  The other appetizer may have been Aloo Tikki.  This has not been confirmed as yet.  In any case the plate containing the reported Aloo Tikki was cleaned by the foursome, several even going so far as to swab at the remaining sauce on the plate.

    The above sources also reported that the table was served an order of the Friday daily special of Kahari Shrimp.  It was overheard by a nearby table that the shrimp was "...flavorful with strong notes of garlic and ginger."  This has not substantiated, however.

    Audrey W reportedly was served the Lamb Korma which she was rumored to have noted was "Yummy."

    Carin S apparently was served the Chicken Masala and Donald S may have been served some sort of Vindaloo that included potato.  It seems there was considerable sharing of the dishes around the table and the main dishes may have been spooned over what some experts have suggested was a basmati rice with various herbs and spices.

    An unnamed source has informed this publication that while Jim W claims to have particularly enjoyed the food and festive atmosphere which included a belly dancer and some swordplay, he was displeased with the excessive sound level produced by the in-house sound system and even requested that the music be reduced.

    Jim W's blog had a statement this morning that read, in part; "...ears haven't hurt the next morning like that since my last rock concert.  I really liked the food but I wouldn't go back on a night when they have dancing again."
This place has really bad service. We waited for over 20 minutes just to get our drink orders taken. Then another 20 minutes to get our food order taken. Then over an hour to get food!! The food is okay--I've had better Indian food in the Valley. The atmosphere is also weird--they have this belly dancer, who has bit too much belly. The owner walks around whistling and putting dollar bills in the belly dancer's top. REALLY bizarre.... So not appropriate for families.  All in all, there's better food, service, and places to go for authentic Indian food.  I've been twice and both times were very disappointing due to poor quality food and service.  There won't be a third time:  I'll never go back again.
I am remiss in not writing my review of our dinner Tandoori Times a little sooner.
In my defense, my ears hadn't stopped ringing from the background music for the belly dancer and I was unable to concentrate on the screen long enough to write a coherent sentence (at least I think that's why I can't write a coherent sentence:)
The Beautiful Carin and I met the utterly delightful Jim and Audrey W. for dinner at Tandoori Times last Friday evening.
I keep saying it, but one of the things I like about Yelp is actually meeting and getting to know real people in "meat world", as opposed to only getting to know someone online.
It really gets down to the art of dining...pleasant conversation with convivial company, good food and drink, in an interesting setting. 
We had all of those things Friday evening, and more!
We also had Indian food at Tandoori Times! 
I love Indian and Pakistani food. 
I play squash and I got to know Indian and Pakistani food from the kitchens of the wives of some of my squash buddies...incredible meals and incredible hospitality...we could all take lessons:)
We started with cocktails, 4 kinds of Naan (the Onion Naan was incredible...crusty and crunchy on the outside, literally filled with chunks of soft, savory/sweet roasted onion:)
Appetizers included Aloo Tikki, a potato pancake with gravy (and you know how much I like gravy:)...good stuff. We passed things around, family style.
We ordered dinner as we enjoyed our conversations. 
It was great to get to know Jim and Audrey better and I'm glad we had some time to chat as dinner was served (really wonderful food...Chicken Vindaloo, Chicken Masala, Lamb Korma and Kahari Shrimp...everything perfectly prepared, spicy and flavorful). 
The service was warm and friendly:)
All of the food was served family style with rice and more Naan to sop up the gravies and sauces...so good!
Then came the belly dancing and music...there may also have been a fire engine parade and a Boeing 777 landing in the parking lot...it was so loud we'll never really know. 
The sound system was really cranked for the lovely belly dancer and it was fun to watch  her for the first 15 minutes or so. 
But after an hour or so, the fun of watching belly dancing kind of wore off, we wanted to get back to conversation (even though the belly dancer was brandishing swords and candles...it was a little like watching NASCAR...you don't want to see the wreck, but you don't want to miss it either. I'm happy to report that nothing was cut off or burned during the performance:)
Sadly, conversation was rendered nearly impossible by the fact that someone had turned the amplifiers up to 11.
Jim would ask me "what do you do for a living" and I would answer "I sold my motorcycle in 1978", with a smile, and he would look puzzled:)
Audrey and Carin were having similar difficulties...it's just hard to have quiet chat when the background music is up around 107 decibels:)
That said, we truly enjoyed the evening with our new friends!
And we really enjoyed the food at Tandoori Times...I just recommend calling ahead to ask about the belly dancing, and bring the ear plugs if you go on belly dancing nights:)
Long holiday weekend. Sunday afternoon around 2:30 we finally found the place for lunch - it's part of a 4 (or so) building complex wrapped around the back. Ok, so we go in. It is completely empty of customers. Nice bar to the left with about 4 people who seem to work there but we were ignored for a few minutes till someone notices us and says, oh you can sit anywhere. So we do. We get water immediately. Then a wait of about 10 more minutes in an empty room (while the 4 keep on talking) till someone else (our server) arrives with more water and menus. Other than that it was ok. We had the tandoori wraps - very good. The rest of the menu looked worth trying. Evidently they are getting a new menu June 1. Interesting concept of a card that you get cash back on your food totals - ask about it. The only other thing worth mentioning is that it would be nice if raita (even plain yogurt)  was free on request - $2.50 is a lot for it, even if you get a lot  - more than needed. And they were out of the 12oz Kingfisher bottles.  Ryan (our server) was very nice. Interesting decor, Indian but not cheesy.  Funny sidebar about a group of 3 (highly tattooed) who had never eaten Indian food before and were given quite a thorough introduction ... always glad to have my stereotypes challenged :-) give it a try.
The Atlanta Yelp Empress, Kathleen M, came to town this week to help out with the Yelp Rocks event, so since she's a fan of ethnic cuisine, I decided we'd try Tandoori Times.  

It is kind of hidden in the shopping center - I suggest they get some better signage.  But we're smart girls, and we found it... it looked pretty dead from the outside but once we were led to a table, we saw a few other parties dining (including some friends of mine on a date!).

While our service was attentive enough, our waiter kept attempting to talk us out of what we wanted to order and tried to sell us something different.  For example, when we ordered the chicken tikka masala, he suggested we order chicken chile instead.  No thanks!  And when we ordered the bengun bhartha (eggplant dish), he suggested something else too.  We stuck to our guns though.  We were girls that knew what we wanted!

In addition to the dishes above, we shared a house salad, rice, and a tandoori roti (whole wheat bread made in the tandoor oven).  We would've ordered an appetizer of sorts (Ie: samosas) but you have to do that during certain times of the day and we missed our window for that.  (Kind of odd, huh?!)  Nonetheless, I enjoyed everything although I added a lot of hot sauce - it didn't have much kick without it.  Gotta love that hot sauce!

I really enjoy Indian food and don't eat it as often as I'd like.  It seems that many people are not up for adventurous eating... I don't get it!  Regardless, I'd come back to Tandoori Times in a heartbeat.  It didn't knock my socks off but it was a pleasant experience with attentive service, decent ambiance, and moderate prices.  Thanks to Kathleen M for trying something new with me!
I visited this restaurant for the first time last week.  I can say that everything we had was great!  I really liked our server, a young girl (18 or 19) who knew the menu so well and who also told us of some special dishes not yet on the menu that we could order.  We took her advice on all of her suggestions, and they were delicious!  It made dinner that much better to try new things and be pleasantly surprised.
An Indian coworker of mine who was craving a little Chicken Tikka Masala suggested that we check this place out after yelping it, so we headed over one night after work. It was a little hard to find as others have mentioned, but we got there in the end, so no harm, no foul. 

A lot of my recent Indian food experiences have been in strip malls, which are about as disasterous as they sound, so I was so thrilled to be able to go, sit down and enjoy my Indian food properly. And enjoy it, I did!

My coworkers and I started off with the Bread Basket, which our waiter kindly let us mix n' match: we weren't thrilled about the wheat naan, so he let us switch it out for an extra helping of the onion, garlic or plain naan....yippee! All of the naans were great...the onion was probably the one that thrilled me the least, but it's hard to go wrong with naan of any variety, so needless to say that when our food was gone, the naan was as well.

For our entrees, we ended up going family style and sharing four dishes (for three people): the Chicken Biryani, Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Makhani and Lamb Vindaloo. They were ALL great...I would order any of them again. But, if I had to choose my favorite, it would be the Chicken Makhani. I REALLY appreciate that they use white, good quality chicken...one of the keys to great Indian food, in my opinion! The Chicken Tikka Masala was also wonderful as well, but spicier than the Makhani. As for the Lamb Vindaloo and the Chicken Biryani, they didn't do it for me quite like the first two but I really have no complaints about them, and devoured them in no time. 

The service wasn't super-quick, but we'll be back. After a great meal, we all agreed that this place could easily become a weekly dining excursion, especially since they have frequent diner cards!! Every time you're there, they put a certain percentage of what you spend on the card, and then you can use it on any future meal. That's fabulous! It's like free money...what's not to love?!
My wife doesn't like very hot/spicy food. She enjoys Indian food and wherever we have lived in the past we have found great indian restaurants able to make her dishes without all the kick.  We went here to check it out and she ordered Chicken Tikka Masala and couldn't eat it because of how spicy it was.   The manager told her he couldn't make it less potent or else the taste would be sacraficed.  Well, how did the other Indian restaurants outside of Phoenix manage to do it?  Not impressed at all with this place and won't be going back.
Gabi K was sweet enough to cater to my Indian cravings and we ventured out to Tandoori Times on my never ending quest for quality chicken tikka masala. As we scanned the menu, I was disappointed to see that a large portion of their options were only available during lunch time: get separate menus so I'm happily oblivious to what I'm missing! 

I am a chicken tikka masala girl through and through. While I may order other dishes in ADDITION to CTM, I *have* to get it at every Indian joint I go to. Yes, yes, I know it may not be the most authentic thing, but I don't care. I love it. So don't you dare try to talk me out of it! And that's exactly what our waiter did, which made me nervous. Was the CTM all that bad? No, it was fair, but the waiter's attempt to lead us down a different road makes me wonder if they really do have wonderful food here, it's just not CTM. Try it out, and go with their recommendations!
Yay! I am a BIG fan!

I am obsessed with their Chicken Makhani!!! aaahhh the naan is always so good ~ I prefer the plain : )

... so happy they serve samosas anytime now!!

I haven't found better indian food anywhere in Phoenix.
Man, when my ex-bf used to work there he would always bring home the best food.  I love their channa masala and lamb saag!  They also have some of the best naan around!  If you do get dessert, the ghulab jamen is insanely sweet, but their kheer hits the spot!
Was fully craving Indian, and was fortunate enough to be directed here by a few friends that have recently moved to the States from India.  Can't stress enough how good this place is.  Complex flavors and delicious sauces.  Service was great, portions were solid and price was right on.  And, if you like spicy, you're in luck.  Go for 'Chef Hot'...they don't hold back. 

Definitely part of the regular rotation moving forward...
We dropped a party of 11 on them, last minute, not too far from closing time and the service was AMAZING. The server was excellent, her suggestions were right-on, and she even offered to take a dish back when she noticed one person in the party was surprised by the spiciness of her dish. This person didn't complain about the dish, the server just noticed the look on her face and offered to take it back. 

Zeeeeee food: so good. SO. GOOD. 

I would give this place 5 stars, but I did not have a chance to have any appetizers and rate them with the whole meal, so it's my fault. I will just have to go back and edit my review. 

-----fin-----
I went to Tandoori Times today for lunch with six of my co-workers for lunch. It was not the best Indian food I've had, but it was definitely not the worst (I had the achari lamb lunch special). But my experience there was horrible.

My issue with Tandoori Times was the service. Our waitress did not seem to care about our table at all, even though we were the largest party in the place. Maybe she felt that she did not need to work for her tip since it was automatically added to our bill. 

She never checked on us to see if we needed anything. One of our party members even had to chase her down just find out where his food was after everyone else's food had shown up 10 minutes before.

She had issues with our check and stiffed us on our change. I bill was $97. Three people put in $20, another a $10, and three people asked her to charge $17 a piece on their credit cards. That totals $121.00. We asked for change from the cash. SHE CAME BACK WITH NO CHANGE AND WALKED AWAY. As we were already 30 minutes late from lunch and were in a hurry we left, but she swiped a $24.00 tip.

Even though the food was good, the service was the worst I think I've ever had. I will not be returning to this restaurant any time soon.
Finally in North Scottsdale, a great Indian place. Our friend who grew up in London recommended T/T and we wern't disappointed. The best Lamb Saag I've had and our friend always gets the Tiki Masala. Excellent service and happy hour drink prices before 6pm.
My question is where is the garlic in "Garlic Naan??"
Badger Out!
Its hard for me to give this restaurant a higher star rating. This is not due to the food by any means. The food is excellent and very genuine. I do however, take issue with the service. Everyone is pleasant enough, but none of the wait staff or take out order employees seem to have any concept of time. I have dined in at the restaurant for lunch a couple of times with other colleagues. We have a typical hour lunch break and this establishment is a mere 5 mins away. Lets just say both times we told the server we would be in a hurry due to work and both times we were at least 20 to 30 minutes late. Lesson learned. So we resorted to calling in our order for pick up. We were told it would be ready in 10 mins. 

That was a sheer fabrication as both times we arrived and paid and waited for another 30 minutes for our food at the pick up window. (AKA bar). Now, why do we keep giving them another chance? Well, that's simple, it is the only authentic indian food in a 10 mile radius. Trust me, if we had other options we'd take them. 

Bottom line: Great Food! Crap Service!
Hard place to find, but fairly delicious and affordable. My friends and I go here. We like it.
I love this place!  Every time I have a craving for Indian food this is where I go, even though I now live about 40 minutes from here!  The service is always great, and the food, oh it is wonderful!   I usually order the chicken tikka mahsala, or the chicken mahkni.  They are both SO good!  I also love their naan.  I've been to a few other indian restaraunts in the valley, al of which were claimed to be "the best indian food in phoenix"  but this truely is the best in phoenix!
Service 3
Food 3.5
Cleanliness 4
Atmosphere 5
Value 3

Pros:
Great Atmosphere
Good first time Indian food. This wont knock over you friends new to the cuisine.

Cons:
Difficult To Locate
Slow Kitchen
Pricey
Ungodly uncomfortable booths

Dishes Worth The Calories:
Garlic/Onion Naan
Saag Paneer
Chicken Tikka Masala

Full Review:

Well all the Indian reviews from the buffay crew finally got to me and I had to have it for a cheat meal :)

Was like Mr Toads wild ride in my truck getting here. A quick U-Turn, brake check, sharp right, up a ramp and into a parking place. That complex is like a maze and I feel lucky that I located my destination.

Walked in the yelp stickered door and was hit with that delicious Indian restaurant smell. What was lacking was the scent of mesquite which you can usually pick up at most places from the tandoor. This was an upclass place so I figured it was just vented well. The place was really cool on the inside having this upscale lounge type feel. Nice and dim and easy on the eyes.

The guy who was double duty as host/waiter seemed a bit annoyed that I was walking in the door at 8:45 when they were open until 10. A tad on the snooty side asked if I was picking up or eating in with a heavy insinuation that I better be picking up. Luckily I was saved by my phone going off as my friend couldn't find the place. I got to bark two for dinner and walked out the door to find my friend.

Was happy when our waitress came to the table since I didn't want much to do with the host. She took our drink order and asked if we needed a few more minutes to which I made the mistake of replying yes. Normally I have these meals pre planned and know exactly what I want but this was a last minute change of destination. I regretted not ordering right then because we didn't see her again for a long while.

My friends have learned that I usually know what's good and just let me order for the table. One of them was an appetizer and as usual I was asked if I wanted that first or with the meal. I try and condense the time that I'm eating bad food to limit the sugar spikes it might create. I'm not even sure why they ask because 9 out of 10 times they bring it first anyway :( this was one of those 9 times. 

We waited for what seemed like an eternity for this one dish to show up. At that point I just started eating because I was super hungry. The rest took another 15 minutes to get there. Kitchen here is REALLLLY slow and we were one of only 3 tables.

One more note.. do yourself a favor and get a table. The booths here are horrible. They press you forward into the table and are very uncomfortable on the back after a while.. and you will be there a while :P

Food Details:

Onion Bhaji:
I ordered these thinking they were something different. They were basically battered onion strings with what I would guess was a plum based sauce. I was expecting the Indian fritters that I couldn't remember the name of at the time. It was still tasty.

Bread Basket:
Sampler of 5 different types of Naan. The only ones I would recommend are the onion and garlic. In the rest the texture was a little different but no flavor profile change and rather dull.

Chicken Tikka Masala:
Mmmm I love this dish and it was pretty darn good here. I have had better but it wasn't in the valley. I haven't chowed on much Indian since returning here many years ago.

Saag Paneer:
Texturally this was way off from what I'm used to. It was almost like a ground spinach. The spice profile of the dish was excellent but I was a little disappointed in the Paneer. This isn't a strong cheese anyway but this really had no flavor to it. I'm used to it adding at least a creamy/richness to the dish. This one had the taste/texture of firm tofu.

Tandoori Chicken:
I was REALLY craving some tandoori chicken and I was disappointed. It wasn't bad but it lacked the bold flavor depth this dish usually has. I also totally missed any mesquite/wood/smoke flavor that should have been there. Between the lack of wood taste and smell I think this place may use a gas driven Tandoori verses a real mesquite charcoal version.

Kheer:
Rice pudding is great stuff and adding almonds and raisins to it... yum. This is where someone played a cruel joke on us. The dessert glass was an odd shape and the spoon didn't fit all the way! If you wanted to retain your manners there was 1/4 of the dessert you were unable to reach. Manners were tossed out the window :)


I agree fully with the 3 stars this place has averaged for itself. I made the mistake of trusting some friends over trusting yelp. I could have done much better that night but this was A-OK and tamed the craving. We felt very rushed towards the end of the dinner to pay and get a move on. We were there in plenty of time to eat and leave before closing had this place operated at a normal pace.

Just remember.. if your friends had good taste.. they would be yelpers :)
One of my favorite indian restaurants.  I have a half dozen indian coworkers and it is also one of their favorites.
Lunch typically has a plate of salad, rice, bread.  Orders diverge depending on main dish based on lamb, chicken, or vegetables.   Plus a bowl of a lentil soup.

Been there once for dinner with a group of 20 people.  Food was served indian family style and kept coming until everybody had enough.

Outdoor seating is nice (before weather turns to hellacious) and is well away from traffic although a little too close to a large parking lot.  Still very nice.
Food is great...service is not-so-great.  If you can handle waiting for a while for your food, water, and the check, then this place is good.  Ambience is okay--not really fancy, but the food is good.  They have a belly-dancer on weekend nights, which is interesting, a bit weird actually and it's loud so you can't hear very well if you want to converse with your own dinner party.
I was excited to try Tandoori Times as good Indian good food can be hard to come by here in Arizona.  I was even more encouraged when I walked in and found an almost exclusively Indian (appearing) clientele.  To begin, the service was a little off.  There was maybe 10 people in the restaurant yet we waited a full five minutes or so for a greeting.  When he did come by, he asked if we were ready to order and I looked at him and said, "You know, we might need to look at the menus first."  Perhaps he's used to "regulars."  Anyway, we began with the Onion Bhaji, essentially an Indian version of onion rings, and Raita, a cucumber, potato, mint and yogurt sauce.  The Onion Bhaji looked good in all its fried glory, but was so heavily battered my wife and I both felt ill after trying a few pieces.  You could not taste the onion at all.  Major disaster.  The waiter began to redeem himself by noticing that we had hardly touched it and offered to take it off the menu.  The Raita was fresh and flavorful but didn't exactly fit with anything we ordered and a recommendation of what to eat it with would have been helpful.  We also ordered the Naan and simply put it was killer---hot, light, wonderful.  First score at Tandoori TImes.  My wife ordered the Chicken Makhani and one sampling of the sauce had us both oohing and ahhing at its rich, buttery flavor.  Nothing to say here again but killer.  I ordered the Lamb Korma, and though I found the dish to be decent, it was just very plain when compared to other Indian dishes I have had that just burst with varied bold flavors.  I also asked that it come spicy (6 out of 10) but instead it came with NO spice at all, while my wife's dish came pretty hot and was supposed to be mild.  I wouldn't order again but it may be right up someone else's alley.  FInally, we ordered a plate of rice to accompany our meals.  The rice looked and tasted like it had been sitting around since yesterday (and maybe it was!).  My wife grew up on rice and loves it more than she loves me, so when she frowns at the sight and scowls at the taste of the rice, it is bad rice.  I could justify giving Tandoori Times less than three stars but something tells me another visit may render us happier customers.  I'll try it again, but only one more time before I chalk it up to "just another Indian place" where the food and service simply fall short.
The food was excellent.  The lamb chop appetizer was incredibly flavorful, although it was a little gristly.  The bhindi masala is among the better bhindi dishes I've had.  I still can't place the extra spice they put in it.  The saag ghosht was superb, just really an excellent lamb dish.  Tender lamb and mildly spicy spinach gravy.  And of course the chicken tikka masala was solid.

And TT serves gajrela, an Indian carrot pudding.  It's been a few years since I've had gajrela.   I still love it.  

Service was friendly and speedy.

The belly dancing with the sword was unexpected.

My only concern with TT is that if that was its Saturday night rush, then I hope they are making it up during lunch.  The place was only 20% full.
My wife and I were looking for a good Indian restaurant in Scottsdale and came across Tandoori Times thanks to Yelp.  The reviews were positive, service was question mark.  We were prepared for the wait.  We went on Sat. Night at 6:30 and sat right down.  We were well fed and walking out in just about an hour.  The service was friendly and great.  The Garlic and Onion Naan were great as recommended, so was the Chicken Tikka Masala and Lamb Saag.  We are locals and like some spice in our food.  We are used to ordering spicy Mexican and it being just right.  We did the same here, "Wow" they meant it.  Loved it, but had a nice sweat going.  We were told after that mild is a 5 on spice meter, what we had was 8 out of 10.  You might try mild first trip.  
I did not give 5 stars due to that being a rare mark, for off the chart experience, like the old Sea Saw or Binkley's.  We left with a great dinner experience and a take out menu.  We will go back, maybe mild next time.
Maybe I was lucky; Maybe I was just too desperate for a good Indian meal; I don't know, but my experience here was fabulous.  I can't in good conscience give it a 5 star rating because I know of better places in CA, but - on a scale of 'Phoenix area' Indian places, this would get a 5 star rating no problem. 

I've been looking for a good Indian place for over a year, and I saw this place over a year ago, but decided it was too 'fancy', and could not rationalize a good Indian place in such an upscale, suburban setting. So I kept passing it up.   In the meantime, I've been to Mesa, Tempe, and Chandler in search of the solution, Most times, I don't even walk in the door ... I'm sorry, but - as a lone diner, I'm not interested in being the only patron at 7pm, plus what does that tell you about the food if no one is there?  

I walked into TT at 7:30pm on a Friday night and it was busy!  That was a big plus.  And most of the patrons looked Indian - another big plus. For some reason I'd gotten it into my head that this was a fancy spot, but in fact, the interior is simply 'nicely done'.  Head and shoulders above most Indian places for sure, but - definitely not stuffy or over-fancy.  

Many people have mentioned the incredibly slow service.  My waiter is maybe a yelp reader, because he told me - "these Tandoori appetizers shouldn't be called appetizers, they should say, '20-30 minutes to cook'".  He suggested I get my tandoori appetizer at the same time as my main dish - good advice. I had the goat curry, which was outstanding, and the tandoori lamb chops - which was not perfect - way more pieces than I imagined, but thinly sliced, and not as juicy as I had hoped.  The rice was absolutely perfect - basmati rice with some whole cloves dotted throughout. The naan bread was also perfect - really, really perfect, and made the meal a perfect treat. 

Just as my meal arrived ... boom ... the music got loud and out jumped ... a belly dancer!  This was NOT what I was in the mood for, and at first I felt the evening was ruined ... but - she was good, and really 'worked the crowd' as it were, and made an effort to engage everyone. Some tables got up and danced with her, leading to a rather festive atmosphere. Overall, a plus, but I'm glad it was only one reasonably short session. 

In summary - good food, nice place, nice atmosphere, and head-and-shoulders above anything else I've found in the Phoenix metro so far (eastern edge - I don't get over to the west).
I have eaten there a couple of times.  Nice, friendly staff, good reasonably priced food. One time I ordered a meal that was so HOT (spicy), it was almost uncomfortable to finish eating.  Other than that, good experience.
Great food... loved the chicken curry. Although relatively low on spices to tone it down a little, it had all the flavors that I would get back in India. 

Was completely surprised with the belly dance. Was pretty neat and a nice show. 

Overall excellent food and really close to authentic. Would love to come back!
This is definitely the best Indian restaurant in Phoenix. The tandoori chicken and aloo tikki wraps are to die for. You cannot go wrong with this place!
After my first good experience, I've been back at least 5 times.  Each time, the food has been awesome.  The Friday special 'goat curry' is great, and the saturday special beef stew is also great.  The rice and naan are always perfect, and the condiment they bring out with the papadums ( a ginger based pickle) is fabulous.  

The service one night was laughably bad - really, really bad, and other nights, not perfect. But - the atmosphere, decor, and FOOD make it a real discovery.
Good food. We have had a lot of Indian food in Montreal and in the UK. This one is above average by international standard s. The service though is a bit disorganized and I would the belly dancer and the loud music for something more quaint. But overall worth repeat visits
The food here is delicious. 
GOA Prawn Curry
Tandoori Chicken
Lamb Tikka Masala
Garlic Naan
Tandoori Shrimp app
Cocktail Samosa app
Lamb seekh kabob app

Slow service, but that's how most of the Indian restaurants I know are. Authentic, salty, tamarind chutney on point.
My boss took me out to lunch here once, and I was very pleasantly surprised at the flavor and price of the lunch specials. Mostly everything I have tried at Tandoori Times has been good. The naan is so fresh and warm, and when you request spicy, that's what you get. Enter the mango lassi, which is really good. It helps cool your mouth when you're eating something fiery.

The only thing I have a complaint about are the tandoori appetizer wings, as there was less meat on them than I have seen on any chicken wing, plus it was WAY too spicy. I also felt like $10 was way too much to ask when you have to basically get your nutrition from the dish by sucking on bones. But, hey...who am I to judge, right? Had they toned the flavor just a bit on that dish, I might have given it another try. However, bleeding from my esophagus is not how I'd like to spend my lunch hour. 

Aside from the wings from hell, I love Tandoori Times. It is authentic, affordable and right around the corner from my job. 4 stars.
LOVE this place!  Very beautiful decorations, and they have belly dancing on Friday nights.  Very reasonably priced considering the ingredients that it takes to make Indian food.  The only thing I didn't like about their dinners is that you have to order the rice separate from the entree.  But still very good.  Try the Samosas!
Thoroughly impressed with this place. We were in for dinner on a Wednesday and the dining area was crowded and vibrant. The decor is better than average for an indian restaurant. 

The service was superb and he was honest with his opinions. He told us not to order a certain dish. 

The food was awesome and the complimentary chai tea warmed me on the cold night... I strongly recommend this place. 

Not too expensive considering the location.
My friend suggested that we start our Saturday night here before heading out to other Halloween festivities. Besides feeling completely out of place in our Halloween costumes we had a great time;-) It's a pretty low key place and it sits towards the back of this shopping complex so unless you know where you're going you would never find it. 

We had a great experience since my friend personally knows one of the owners. We sat on the patio and started off with drinks and hookah and we were given some great suggestions for food. I decided to go for the chili prawns and garlic naan and a side of the basmati and saffron rice. I'm still drooling thinking about this food, it was so fresh and flavorful, I couldn't stop eating!!! The sauce the prawns came in...MAN was it tasty! 

After hookah, drinks and this delish food my girls and I got up danced a bit with the resident belly dancer inside of the restaurant! Overall it was a great experience, we felt like we were part of the family! Great service, great ambiance and perfect for dates or family night. 

If I lived closer I would definitely be a regular!
We started with Aloo Tikki. It was good but I don't like one of the spices in the garbanzo beans, The Aloo Tikki last week in West Palm, Fla, was infinitely better. I had chicken korma which again had that taste I am not too keen on, similar to nutmeg or cloves, which I have not noticed in any korma I have ever had previously. The korma sauce was very thick and I liked it but it was much thicker than the usual korma sauce in most other places and although it was good and certainly quite different, I think I prefer the usual consistency. But it is nice to have something different for a change. The onion naan was possibly a little underdone and slightly doughy, though it too was good and i suspect it was not so much underdone as that this is the way it is served at this restaurant. What was over was taken home and certainly thoroughly enjoyed the next day so it's fair to say I would recommend this restaurant. 

My chief complaint would be the noise. When we walked in we were pleased to see that there were many Indian customers, always a good sign in an Indian restaurant. But it was noisy and the most noise came from a crying baby. This is not the baby's fault - I wish people with very young children would have the decency to do what I did when my kids were young... leave them at home!! Many people say that if you can't afford to leave at least a 15% - 20% tip then you can't afford to eat out. I think if you can't afford to find a babysitter so you can enjoy your evening and in particular so you can NOT spoil the evening for others, then PLEASE stay home. As usual, the people with the baby were impervious to its crying, they were obviously so accustomed to it that it does not bother them. I am not sure whether to hold this against the restaurant. they could have asked the people to take the baby outside until it settled, but it was cold outside and I wouldn't want to make them do that to the kid. It's a difficult situation for the resaurant but if I go again and the same thing happens again I will mark it down as a family restaurant and keep away when I don't want to deal with the noise of babies crying.
Ate lunch there after about a two mile walk from the Hyatt at Gainey Ranch.  Very good food.  Reasonable prices and a lunch menu with various specials for each day of the week.  Complementary chai.

Waitress was very pleasant and helpful. The restaurant was quite clean as were the bathrooms.  Would recommend.

Lunch menu choices were limited to six entrees.
This was the first Indian restaurant I have ever been to, as it was recommended by some friends.  They do have belly dancer on Saturdays, which definitely was not part of my plan for the evening.  The music was extremely loud and annoying, since we were sitting right below the speakers playing obnoxiously loud music, we asked to be moved to a different table, which did not help, fortunately it only lasted a couple more songs.
They do offer variety of Naans in the menu, and I asked if we can have a platter to try different versions, and the waiter said they do not offer platter type assorted Naans; pretty annoying as time went by and i saw that they do offer a platter with variety of Naans.  I guess my fault, I should of read the multi-page menu.  I wish they had pictures in the menu, which will help if not familiar with the cuisine.
We ordered the yellow curry and chicken wrap.  Chicken wrap was just a wrap; nothing special.... Yellow curry was cold, not even room temperature, but cold;  wasn't too happy about it.
Prices are reasonable, can't expect more.  I really liked the variety of spices in the rice.  definitely new to me.
I really liked this place. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was the waiter, who was EXTREMELY nice, was a bit inattentive. We had to wave him over quite a few times. 

The staff was extremely friendly, the music was nice and ambient, not too loud at all (I went on a weeknight, when there is no belly dancer or loud music). The food was really good, and this is coming from a picky eater who is not a huge fan of Indian food. 

The dessert was AWESOME, and overall, for the enormous amount we ordered for 2 people (I have plenty of leftovers!) the price was fairly good. I was surprised at how low the check was. 

I will, say, though, it was a little hard to find. It's off in the back corner of the complex.
Go with the Lamb Lunch special here. Chicken is also acceptable. You will not be disappointed!
Indian food is not my favorite but I think this is the best place for it in Scottsdale.  I really love their chicken tikka masala.  I also think they have great naan and I like that they have a variety of flavors.  Excellent chai tea which is free and unlimited.  They have lunch specials, which is also nice.  Or you can order anything off the dinner menu all day but you will have to split it with someone because the portions are huge!
Last night  I craved Indian food and logged on to Yelp for help. My very favorite place is 18 miles away and I wanted something nearby.  I found Tandoori Times and arrived there at 8PM.  I couldn't believe that at 8PM there were 10 people ahead of us waiting for a table. " A good sign "I thought or "poor management that can't handle a crowd?"  Someone who appeared to be the owner was busy working to see that everyone got a table quickly.  We got a table in 10 minutes in a small room they have in the rear of the restaurant.  Within 5 minutes we got a waitress and placed our order.  She brought us condiments (a red spicy sauce, coriander chili sauce and a spicy sauce made with marinated ginger bits.   No papadums.  Most restaurants give you papadums.  We missed them.  My order of Chicken Vindaloo was absolutely delightful spiced just as I requested HOT.  Our double order of bread came hot and delish(we don't eat rice).  My husband's Lamb Tikka was generous and nicely done.  During our meal, the belly dancer started her act.  This meant that the loud music would soon begin.  AND I MEAN LOUD.  I don't know if it was that we were in that small room, but my eardrums were about to burst.  There was no relief until we ended our meal.  The belly dancer could not be seen from our room so we stood up to peek at what was going on.  It was an attractive young lady, dressing in belly dancing garb dancing to Indian pop music.  Not really belly dancing.  (I've done belly dancing myself.)  Next, dessert.  I ordered the Kheer.  It was absolutely amazing.  It was creamy with sliced almonds and raisins.  Probably one of the best I've had anywhere.  
I gave Tandoori Times 4 stars because the music was too loud and it kind of spoiled the experience for us.  Other than that the food is really authentic and delicious.  I hope that the management will consider toning down the music at least for the poor people in the back room.  I would never accept a seat in that room when I return.  AND, I will return.
Service was good, food was good, the dancing and music was atrocious, i couldnt enjoy the food due to the ridiculous music volume...other than that, pretty good...they were nice when they brought out my birthday cake.
I have been a regular for years and I really like the place.  But last night was a disaster from start to finish.  The waiter had no business being a waiter.  The food took quite a while and came out lukewarm.  All of it.  The main dishes, the rice and the nan.  I made them aware and they brought back another round of dishes they claimed to be fresh, not just original dishes heated up.  Same temperature and virtually no spiciness.  We are usually asked how spicy we like our food.  The waiter never bothered to ask us.

It was as if the place changed ownership and the new team was that day trying to figure out how to cook and run a restaurant.  I made management aware and received 10% off the bill.  Still not sure when or if I'll be back.
Great Indian food... Much better than usual Indian places- coming from an Indian !!
2 stars for good food but crappy service. 

I was raised on Indian food, and know what I like. I heard that Tandoori  times was a great restaurant, so my boyfriend and I decided to eat there a few weeks back. I had been looking for a new Indian restaurant and was excited to try it out. 

 The restaurant was busy, and we waited about 5 minutes until a table was available.  We were seated on the patio behind a pillar (bad idea). Our server came over after a few minutes to take our drink order.  He came back with our drinks, and we were unsure as to what we wanted to order for dinner but we ordered the aloo tikki to start. 

The appetizer took a long time to come out (about 20 minutes) and our server didn't come back to take our order until shortly before our appetizer arrived.  We ordered the bengun bhartha and chicken curry with garlic naan. 

Another 20 or so minutes went by after we were finished with our appetizer before we saw our server again. He set our dishes down and asked if we wanted anything else. I asked if we could have a side of rice because I just guessed that he had forgotten it, or it was on its way as all Indian places I have been to serve rice as an accompaniment to dishes. 

I told my boyfriend I didn't want to eat my meal without rice, so I waited about 10 minutes.... no rice... our server continued serve other tables and walk away before my boyfriend could flag him down. Finally, I decided to not let the already mildly cool food get colder, so I reluctantly began eating. 

The curry tasted great and was well spiced.  I also loved the bengun bhartha (I have only found one place that makes it the way I like it). 

After we were done eating the two dishes, the server finally came over (no rice in hand) to ask how our meal was.  My boyfriend politely asked for boxes, our rice to go (since they seemed to be still cooking it), and the check.  We waited another 5 or so minutes to get our bill, and the server says, "don't worry about the rice.... it's on me"  WHAT?? WE ACTUALLY HAVE TO PAY EXTRA FOR RICE???? 

My boyfriend got up and went looking for the manager. He spoke to the hostess and found out the manager had stepped away, but she called and spoke to him. My boyfriend explained our experience, and how it was our first time dining there. The manager said that we would either wait for him to return, or the hostess could take 15% off our bill.  Not wanting to wait any longer for anything else, my boyfriend just asked for the discount. 

The food was great, but the service was crap. Absolute crap. Unfortunately, due to that first impression, I don't want to go back.
This is the only India restaurant in AZ that doesn't disappoint. We have been there a few times and the Seekh Kababs and Chicken Tikka have always been excellent. The food takes a while to come out, but then it is fresh food. Fresh food takes time. The service is good. Went there with kids once not realizing that they have belly dancing - that was embarrassing. Take out food has been disappointing as well. Now we always dine-in, avoid weekends, and make sure we have plenty of time to wait for enjoy the good food.
I bought some frozen Indian entrees from Sunflower Market and it reminded me of the time I ate here. My boyfriend's parents were in town for Spring Break this year and I had been wanting to try this place out for quite some time, so the four of us grabbed an early dinner after watching the A's beat the White Sox.

I should have known it was going to be a poor experience when we drove up and saw how "fancy" the outside was. Our waiter was rude, and when taking our order he dropped the (empty) tray once. There were only a couple of other tables with people at them, so it was pretty loud. When our food came, the waiter dropped my plate on the table, and my food got all over the table, my shirt, and even my purse. He brought me napkins a few minutes later so I could clean up his mess, and dropped his empty tray yet again. It took him forever to bring us the bill, or extra Naan, or anything we ordered. Each time we waited, I looked over at the bar and he was just standing around drumming his fingers.

The food was very bland. Even with a ton of heat/spice, the blandness overpowered everything. My boyfriend's mom is not picky at all, but she could not eat her food. 

The only reason I'd even give this place one star is the mango Lassi was delicious, the naan was good, and my boyfriend and his father really enjoyed their huge Taj Mahal's.
I give up.  I once loved the food and service here but both have deteriorated to the point of no return.  At least my return.  Once you get past the lackluster service you get mutter paneer with peas tasting like they just came out of a can and chicken tika masala so bland I didn't ask for cartons for the leftovers.  Serving the tika masala at near room temperature didn't do it any favors.  Go find Indian Paradise in the airpark, while they don't have belly dancers they have cricket on the tv and truly terrific Indian food.
Having been a big fan of Tandoori Times when it was in Old Town, I expected the same quality at this location, and was somewhat disappointed.

We were there just after opening on a Sunday.  There was only one other table occupied, yet service was pretty poor.  Undoubtedly the kitchen was extremely slow, but the server was not much better.

As for the food, same great flavor I remember for the most part.  The chicken vindaloo should have been called potato vindaloo, however.  Very little chicken was to be found.  Also, the garlic on the naan was extremely bitter.  As the naan was slightly charred, I assume the garlic had slightly burned.  The price point on both the naan and rice seemed a little high (I believe it was $2.75 for the naan and a similar amount for a small cup of rice).  Charging for rice seems overkill here.  The entrees are not that cheap to begin with.  It's the old charging for chips & salsa debate I guess.

Overall, an average meal, but I'm hoping it was an off day.  Will try again sometime.
This place is a rare find in the heart of Scottsdale. If you love delicious Indian, great service, lively ambiance, then you'll fall in love with TD just as I have! My favorite dishes are the Chicken Tikka Marsala, Lamb Vindaloo, Paneer Makhani, and their garlic naan (the best naan I've ever tasted). If you enjoy super spicy, make sure you request the chef's spicy! You may be disappointed if you don't request extra spicy.

 Every Friday and Saturday the exotic spicy cuisine is paired with its spicy, exotic belly dancers. I highly recommend checking this hidden gem out.
I concur with a lot of these reviewers....food is great and reasonably priced but the service does not invite you to return.  My date and I were sat in a tiny back room to sit by ourselves.  They should have let us know that was the only available table and asked if it was okay.   The belly dancer enjoyed dancing, but it was obvious she didn't enjoy doing this in front of people.  She has the power to set the tone of your dining experience, but  she hopped around without giving any eye contact and seemed to rush by the tables and didn't step foot into our room.  When ordering, the server provided no help in making a decision.  His response was as if everything was mediocre...he was not excited about what he was selling.  Next time, I'll do take out.
I fell in love with Indian food after going to this place.  I go there on all my "special occasions".  Birthdays, holidays, & last year I even went for valentines day.  The food there is so unique & good.  I end up getting 3 different meals just so I can keep trying new dishes.  The tandoori chicken is my favorite dish.  They also have this mango drink that is amazing! I have to have one every time I go.  Such a yummy place to eat!  Gosh even writing this review makes me want to go again. It doesn't get much better if you're looking for good food.
Great food.  Avoid the booths they are the most uncomfortable seating I have ever experienced.
LOUD AS HELL!!!  they couldn't hear anything over the phone so i just went in person and that was even worse. kids jumping off benches, everyone on staff seemed pissed off and stressed out, no host/hostess so if you walk in you will stand there totally ignored forever unless you grab someone in passing (this happened to me and everyone who walked in the whole time i was there).  the menus had scribbles and dried food on them,  it's all pretty pricey on top of that but at least the food was good.  not worth putting up with the rest of that bullshit though.  guess i'll just have to stick with the frozen indian entrees and naan from trader joe's.
Really great naan. Have only had fish and veg dishes but never had a dish that wasn't really good.
My husband and I went there for lunch on a Sunday. The food itself was  good but the service was indifferent. Many Indian restaurants bring out some complimentary papadams before even ordering. No such luck here. Pretty much the only thing that was free was the water and condiments. 

We tried this out after having had good luck at a couple other Indian restaurants in the area. We will be going back to those places and not returning to Tandoori Times.
This was our first time going to Tandoori Times.  The atmosphere was pleasant and I thought it would be more crowded than it was.  
The good: the food. Food was great. I had the goat curry which was their Friday special, and it was wonderful.  My husband who doesn't like most curry dishes stuck with the tandoori chicken which was wonderful as well. A side of pesto naan rounded the meal out.  No complaints about the food at all.

The bad: the service.  Our waiter was very polite and friendly the few times we saw him.  He brought us menus and then left us waiting for 15 minutes before coming back to take our order.  He then disappeared for most our meal. We had to ask another server to track him down to get our bill.  Needless to say our drinks were not refilled.  We also waited a very long time for our food.

The ugly: the belly dancing.  Actually it wasn't the bellydancing. More specifically the dramatic rise in music and the incessant finger chimes of the dancer grew to be irritating.  The dancing was fun to watch in the beginning but became tiresome after first few minutes.  It was impossible to chat without shouting at my husband.

Good place. Prices were reasonable and the food was good. But the service needs some work.
I love Indian cuisine.
So much so, that if I see a sign from the roadway advertising Indian Food, I'll veer across three lanes of traffic, driving as though I'm Vin Diesel's stunt double in those "Fast and Furious" movies, all in an unashamed effort to sample their worldly delights.
Well, Tandoori Times is just one of those places. 

When I'm in the mood for Indian, I will typically run other drivers off the road, push mothers with strollers out of the way, and knock the legs out from under old folks, on my way to TD.
And all for one menu item. 
The Bengun Bhartha. 
This eggplant dish is so glorious, it's as though it was passed down from the Garden of Eden's secret recipe book, which Eve presumably stole right along with that apple.
All the other menu items are good if not great, but as I say, the eggplant is one of those dishes that makes me fantasize about it while I'm eating my wife's homemade cooking. 
I hate to admit it, but TD has made me a food philanderer. 

As far as service, ambiance, and everything else, who cares. 
When you love something as much as I love their eggplant dish, the waiter could have servers Alzheimer's, my table could be in the middle of the parking lot, and that idiotic Indian music could be blaring faux  Barry Manilow. I simply don't care.

Just give me the eggplant, some chai tea, and a guest who hates Indian so I can snag all the leftovers.
I eat my fair share of indian food and I gotta say..this is probably one of the best. Their masala has a smokey flavor to it that is amazing!  Good selection of indian beers and a nice happy hour menu.  Customer service was excellent.  We will definitely go back.
I'm from the bay area land of all things good eats, so I'm always leary about trying new places in Phoenix. I tried this spot on my birthday because I really wanted indian food, but specifically because the website said they had belly dancing entertainment.  Drove all the way there to find out belly dancing only happens Friday and Saturday...bummer! 

Ok so food...it was hella spicy and I like spicy food. But my children couldn't eat it. Everyting was one note of spicy so it was hard to enjoy the good flavors. Worse off is you didn't have much to wash it down with since there are no refills on drinks, but thank heavens for the HOT chai table at least.  To top it off I think the prices are wayyy to high as you have to order everything, rice and naan are not included wih the meals!! Every other indian spot I've been to that is standard. Overall the ambience was quaint but I'm sad to say I've had better and didn't have to spend over $60 for tandoori chicken, spinach paneer, samosas, and pesto naan!!!
The food is awesome. Atmosphere is nothing special, but decent.
This was my first time visiting Tandoori Times.  After seeing it advertised on Groupon, I thought I'd give it a try.  My friend and I decided to go for lunch to celebrate her birthday.  It was very busy, which was promising.  The waitress was on her second day working there and was unfamiliar with the menu, but she was friendly.  

The house salad was mediocre, the entree (Algoo Gobi) was delicious, but the desserts were AWFUL.  The "mango" ice cream was a neon orange and tasted nothing like mango, or any flavor of ice cream Id ever tasted actually (kinda vanilla, kinda puke).  YUCK.  The rice pudding was not worth eating either.  

The worst part of the experience was being followed out into the parking lot, after leaving the Groupon and cash tip, to be told that we needed to come speak with management about not ordering at least $40 worth of food!  Really?  I told the waiter that we had spent just over $30, and we obviously didn't expect any cash back from the $40 Groupon.  He said his manager was "fussy" and wouldn't like it.  I basically told him that was too damn bad, and that I wasn't ordering $10 more in food; I was actually kinda saving them $10! 

He finally figured out what I was saying and left us alone.  I did end up calling the manager though, who was not pleased to hear about our experience with the dumb waiter. 

I don't foresee returning there.
I took fellow yelpers' recs and ordered naan and bengun bhartha while my bf ordered chicken korma. It was all incredible! I've been apprehensive about Indian food after a couple bad experiences 10+ years ago, but Tandoori Times has changed my perspective 180 degrees! I cannot wait to go back! Plus, a majority of the customers tonight were South Asian Indians so you know it's truly good Indian cuisine.
Best Indian Food there is. I get the Chili Prawns every time with the potato naan bread. If you like spicy, get Chili Prawns or Chili Chicken. It's perfection. I crave their naan bread daily. Only complaint is that the service is pretty slow. Our waiter was VERY nice and friendly which made up for the slow service. The bellydancer....kinda awkward. Some people we were with were into it, but it was uncomfortable and I basically wanted her to leave our table alone. haha. Honestly, it's more like a stripper dancing in front of you as your trying to have a nice romantic dinner with your boyfriend...what a treat! :P Go during the week to avoid the awkward dancer with abnormally loud music. But the food is worth everything else and i'm giving this 4 stars for the food only. We drive from Gilbert to Phoenix all the time for this place. The drive is worth it! :)
Have been there 3 times now. We had two of the smaller happy hour apps to start, samosa and the shrimp. Both were great. Happy drink deals were good, had the vodka lassi, good and inexpensive. For dinner we had the tikka masala lamb and coconut chicken, tried a variety of their naan, all were fresh and delicious, favorite is still the plain naan but you can't go wrong with any of them. Service was excellent, really made us feel like they were grateful that we were there. 

Recommendation: go durning happy hour and start off with a couple apps and drinks. Being Indian cuisine, most of the dishes have a fantastic spicy flavor; unfortunately my wife doesn't share this same sense of taste, you can request that they keep the spice to a minimum if you can't handle it.
They served us stale rice.  Average main dishes, not as flavorful.  Not enough meat in the lamb dishes.  Overpriced.
I left my iPhone here and one of the guys there stole it literally! I went there to collect and they denied it, i sat there from noon till 4pm till that person who served my table arrived and after too much struggle he accepted and gave me my phone. He was lucky I did not hand him to the cops. Never ever go there again, totally untrusted staff.
My first experience with Tandoori Times amounted to a combination of poor service, but excellent food.
Went to check this out with a groupon. Food was fantastic. Service excellent. I would go back for sure. A pleasant surprise.
I like this place. I wouldn't say it's the best Indian food I've ever had, but it's close by and very convenient for me to get to and has some good options. I really enjoy their wraps, an easy and quick eat that's also delicious. I really like their naan choices too, lots of different flavors, very tasty. I like to get their tandoori chicken, pretty good - not the best I've ever had, but still, if I want tandoori chicken, I don't have too far to go. Definitely a good location. Prices are okay - in my experience Indian restaurants always seem kinda pricey; and the charging extra for rice is normal, though I don't care for it. I mean really, who isn't gonna need rice with their paneer?

I think the one complaint I have is the service. It doesn't matter when I go there or how crowded it is or isn't - the service is always slower then I'd like. And it's a different waiter everytime - so I don't get that.

Still, worth going to on the ocassion I am craving Indian food.
Amy, our server was very attentive and pleasant.
She was wearing this pretty blouse and I asked about it,
and she told me the owner's mother sells them on Fridays (?).
Def going to check that out next time. I really hope they have itty bitty sizes for me.

Food:
Nan was overcooked, the bottom side was burnt.

Chicken Tikka Masala: seasoning, texture, and consistency of the dish was excellent. 
Chicken was just a tad try but overall, great flavor.
Would be more awesome if they sliced up the chicken into smaller cubes to give flavor consistency.
Recommended esp for ppl who don't like spicy. Its very "umami" : )
I enjoy the creamy touch this place gives to it, shich distinguishes this place from other places.

Seasoned rice: came out warm, cooked just right

Samosas Choley: Non-spicy dish.
 I eat it with the red sauce (spicy) to add a lili kick.
The exterior was fried crispy just right, and the mashed potato inside were soft and warm. 
Beans were very well seasoned and cooked, could tell they put time into it.

Methi Chicken: I tried this dish for the first time and I must admit I like it quite a bit.
Ordered spicy. Have water prepared! (Amy was diligent w/ H20)

I wish I could go to this place every day if I could afford to!
Dropping down to three stars ... On a recent visit, I saw TWO roaches on the main floor of the restaurant. No one seemed to care, so I got up and stepped on one.  I pointed out the other, and one of the staff killed it, but they didn't seem surprised.  I know that roaches are hard to control, but having two of them wandering about in a busy restaurant just isn't a good thing. 

Also, our waiter was an overly chatty guy who seems to think we are interested in his voice.  They had some good staff in the past, but I suspect the owner, who likes to get drunk and hang out on the patio, gives me the impression of a guy who would be difficult to work for! 

The food is still decent and better than anything else I've found, but I'm looking for alternatives ...
The food was ok for a top dollar pricing. Service was fine for 4 adults with 2 babies ( Two 18 month old toddlers did not eat or drink and no plates was served) . Each of us had one drink w/ 2 people having refills. Fairly simple service. We were slapped with an automatic 18% gratuity charge as we had 6 people in our party (2 BABIES - NO MESS!!!). - BEWARE!!!  We are confused.... The waiter said its the number of heads and not who eats matters. Advice to stay away from this expensive place that rips off customers.
We went here for dinner a couple of days back for a celebration. We first chose to sit at a booth. Those seats were incredibly uncomfortable, the back rests are too thick which makes the seat really small, so we moved to a table. We started with an appetizer -- aloo tikki, which was good, but the chutneys could have been more flavorful. We had baingan bharta (eggplant) which was pretty much burnt and panneer tikka masala which was normal. The breads were good (but the aloo naan was too thick in my opinion) and the veg briyani was pretty ok-ish. The lassis were not bad. While we were waiting for our food, there was a big party with a kid who was just let loose and was running from one table to another. Before we could realize what was happening, he just threw up next to us. His parents were least bothered and just wiped him up, continued eating and the kid got back to running. We were disgusted to say the least and the waiter moved us to another table. But even after they cleaned up the mess, we could smell vomit throughout the time we were there. They should have used a strong disinfectant, i strongly suspect they used only water to clean it. So anyway, we lost our appetite, ate very little, skipped dessert and took the rest of the food home. With mediocore food and bad ambience, our experience wasn't all that good. One star for the service, one star for the panneer dish.
I have to say that this is the best and cleanest indian food I have ever had! From the moment we walked in we loved the smells that greeted us and along with the very friendly service I was sold. My husband ordered the Coconut Chicken curry and I the Paneer Makani and three garlic tandoori breads ( I could have just eaten the bread! Super YUM). Everything was as we ordered it and food was stove hot. I LOVE this place and will go there again and again! To all the haters out there, this is good food... COME on!!!
The atmosphere here was great. Very laid back and relaxing. The live belly dancer was a nice touch. The food and service in the other hand was not so great. I got the Chicken Biryani (Number 41) and wren brought the food out was impressed with the portion until I found only 4 small pieces of chicken in the mix the rest was veggies and rice. The service was either to overboard or none existent. Asked for a drink and 30 minutes later got my drink but when ordering the waiter asked me 10 times what I wanted when I told him I needed some time. Overall atmosphere is a 5 star food and service 1 star....
"When they drink dey rum, dey only want roti, aloo with channa, mix up with some curry" wish they would play more chutney on the radio. Anyway, back to the review....

This is the closest thing Arizona has to a good Guyanese (or Trini) curry. Since there isn't Guyanese roti shop (that I'm aware of) in AZ I make do with Tandoori.

The atmosphere is cozy and inviting. The staff always friendly and accommodating. The only thing I'm not a fan of is the belly dancing when I'm eating. Makes me feel like i'm in a strip club when they're people sticking money in the dancer's sari. I love the fact that there are always Indians eating here, that's a good sign.

You wait a little longer for your food but that means it's fresh. It's not fast food so if you can't handle the wait, go to mc donalds. This is not a food factory. I always get the tikki masala with the Aloo naan. It's good and it faintly satisfies my cravings for curry with roti or dahl pouri. Tandoori's version of Roti is some chip thing not a west indian roti, so if you're looking for that get the Naan. The only thing missing was some rum haha.  The portions are very generous so if you're on a diet.... be prepared to slip up.

Prices are great, I believe a dinner for 2 with no alcohol, is around $35, very affordable for fresh cooked food.
Yes please.  Nice interior, casual yet elegant.  Well priced menu with many options!  Food is delicious!  Really wonderful naan (FYI bread).   Tandori chicken is great & available in all white meat.  Vindaloo chicken almost the best Cesars had ;)  make sure use the green chutney!!!  if Indian cuisine is new to you the staff was also r eally good with menu suggestions and serving size.
Live bug in sauce
I saw a bug crawling in Green sauce which I already put it in my food.  When I reported it to waiter there she just disappeared with the sauce. No one came to my table for 10 minutes and  I had to call waiter to replace my food with bug infected food after 10 minutes.
Worst experience ever.
I have to start with the garlic nan. My favorite part of indian cuisine is the nan. We oredered 2 orders of garlic nan and it was burnt. Not just a little over cooked, the whole bottom of each piece was black charred burnt. Completly ruined the meal.  The Tiki Masala and Vindaloo were both good but for the price...I can get just as good and bigger portions just about everywhere else. The prices were really over the top. You pay for rice and nan as well regardless of what you order. I did not feel like I had a $50 meal by any means and that is what 2 dishes, one "small plate," nan, rice, and one drink cost us. We were both just full but had I been with a guy or my step father, we would have needed more food for 2. 

The atmosphere is great, the place looks really clean. The nan was so bad though that it ruined the meal and even if it was perfect, I still would have only given it three stars because the prices are just way more than everywhere else. I had more reasonable meals at the best indian cuisine restaurants in San Francisco!

Our server was good, however, after our "small plate" she seemed a little put off that we wanted clean plates for our meals. She did bring them and was nice about it but we shouldn't have had to ask. With all the sauces on the meals, mixing them would not have been good and our plates were clearly very dirty after the appetizer.

Won't be back. Just not worth the price.
I'm in here for lunch every month or so, and I'm always impressed.  Fantastic food at very decent prices.  It's a great spot to hit if you're craving some Indian food, but don't necessarily want to go the buffet route.  They've usually got a good crowd, but the service has always been top-notch, no matter how busy.
POOR, POOR MANAGEMENT!!!!   I had a Groupon voucher for this restaurant, and I tried to use it today with a friend as my guest.  We arrived and I asked right away what the process was for redeeming the Groupon...did they want the voucher now or when the check arrives.  The nice server said, "Now is ok", and I opened the app on my iPhone and she wrote down the number.  She handed my phone back to me, and I showed her that I was going to press the Redeemed button.  No problem!  My friend and  I ordered drinks:  a mango lassi and a diet coke.  The server brought the drinks, and my friend and I continued to make small talk and look over the menu.  Suddenly, the server and a manager were back at the table.  "There's a problem with the Groupon.  When we try to enter the number, it says it's been redeemed."  No kidding!!!  I just redeemed it in front of the server!  The server then apologized because it was her first day, and the manager kept saying, I'm sorry.  I can't apply the Groupon without the Groupon being active.  Then he went on to say that I should call Groupon and have them reactivate this and not to worry because this has happened before...um...is Groupon going to take care of this right now?  I don't think so.  I just wanted to ask at this point...AND THIS IS YOUR CUSTOMER'S FAULT BECAUSE....?????  So there I had pressed the redeemed button in good faith in front of the server so that she wouldn't get in trouble (I've had people thank me at other places because they forgot to ask me to do this, so I just do it now in front of them...ease of anxiety cuz who needs THAT, right?), and I'm now being told by the manager that we'll have to pay cash because he has no recourse with regard to processing the promotion.  GOOD management would have apologized for their establishment's mistake and then filed a claim with Groupon themselves.  but not here.  ...and the very LEAST he could have done was comp'd our drinks!!!!  I think that tab was about $5.  ANY attempt at concession might have led me to just stay, order a meal and work it out later...but I was furious at this point.  WORK IT OUT, BUD!  It's what you get paid for.  Did I mention that our booth was one of TWO occupied when we were seated before this fiasco?   Management here needs to "buy a vowel" before I  would even consider coming back to this place.  GOOD customer service can make ALL the difference when dealing with the general public.  This establishment has, obviously, yet to learn that.
Worst service in town. Bought certificate at restaurant.com and was told that we couldn't use it since they don't honor the certificate anymore. I have to get my $ back from them. Haven't tried their food and I will not come here again
Went here the other night for dinner. I was worried, because I am a picky eater and have never had indian food before. I had the tandoori chicken and a naan (which is kind of like a pita) and both were really good. On top of that, while we were eating all of the sudden, the music got kind of loud and we were a bit confused. As it turns out, they have a belly dancer that dances there while you're eating. Our server was also very nice. The belly dancing makes it a fun atmosphere, and the food was awesome.
have been frequenting TT as long as they've been in the valley, was always happy with service and food. but now I see service going down the tube, had to wait 20 min for drinks order. looks like they prejudice their own, bring out water with no ice without asking :P - some of us drink with ice :) 

Our server just wanted to rush through, very bad - I do know they have good servers, but inconsistency doesn't help. one bad experience is all it takes for not coming back.
If kids have to eat - whatever is on the menu is not good enough in my book.
Was highly recommended this restaurant by client.

The service was a total miss.

The food was okay to mediocre.......way too expensive for what it is.  

Been to India several times for business and never seen belly dancing in India. I asked several client friends that are Indian if belly dancing is a tradition. Not one said yes. The belly dancing was a bit annoying and felt slightly uncomfortable with my guests. The dancer was annoyed that no one at my table appreciated it did not tip. She just started to fling her hips closer. I would have flung my naan at her to get the hell away from us.
I'm surprised by the low ratings that Tandoori Times has received. We really enjoy coming here, and will often come for family dinners when people come into town. 

We really enjoy the Belly Dancing. The women are talented, balancing candles, swords, etc. It's something different and it's always fun when someone at our table gets up and dances too!

We also enjoy the Hookah Lounge on the Patio. The Patio is a really nice private spot. They have tons of different flavors and the staff is always helpful and attentive. 

The free Chai is also quite delicious.

I love the House Salad, the dressing is really delicious. It is a yogurt based dressing with very delicious spices. I really could eat it with a spoon, but I keep it classy and refrain.
I also order the Vegetable Biryani- it's perfectly seasoned and absolutely amazing. It is delicate, a little spicy and really shows perfect restraint. 

We love getting the Naan. My favorites are:
Garlic (Mmmm so well seasoned)
Onion
Aloo (Stuffed with potato)
Chii Naan with Cilantro and and Green Chili (Just the right amont of kick)
AND
My husband loves the Keema Naan (minced Lamb)

Dishes that are notable (so says my family):
Chicken Tikka Masala
Chicken Saag
Tandoori Fish (My discerning Father in Law called it one of the best dishes he's ever had. Many at the table agreed)
Also, I forget which but a few of the Lamb dishes are a hit (sorry not that helpful)

Tandoori Times isn't a cheap Indian joint, but we don't mind paying for the quality of food and the experience.
We actually had a very different experience than we have had in the past last night. We ordered 3 different types of naan, and they forgot the garlic and gave us aloo instead. They made it right, by bringing the garlic, but it took a while.

I ordered the *House Salad* and it wasn't as fresh as it typically is.

I also ordered the *Vegetable Biryani* rice with no peas, when it came, there were peas. I told the waiter and he apologized, and said we should keep that one and they would make another one. Then he came back a few seconds later and said, actually I need to take that one. I was obviously very concerned at this point that they were going to pick out the peas from my dish. The dish came back a few minutes later, luke warm, with a rogue pea or two. 

This was very uncharacteristic of our times at Tandoori Times, and I'm hoping it was just an off night. We will be back again, and I have my fingers crossed that it will be a better experience.
Back up to 4 stars because the food here is consistently good and their daily specials are really excellent ... the Tuesday Lamb dish is exceptional, and the goat curry on Friday is amazing.  I'm not a big fan personally of the belly dancing, and their pappadum's have gotten worse - just plain now, and seemingly pre-cooked days in advance ... but the food is great, and still better than anything else I can find in Phoenix Metro!
Most authentic Indian food outside of India!  I know, because I've been!   Don't let the idea of  exotic food scare you away...there's something for everyone here, even vegetarians and children!  Try the paneer (pressed cheese) dishes or samosas choley if you don't like meat.  Try the chicken or paneer Makhani if you don't like the heat!  For medium-spicy dishes, the Chicken Tikka Masala is excellent with a side of rice and naan bread!  If you want a bite of something that'll bite you back with a really great flavor, try the Tandoor Fish wrap!  The key to eating reasonably is to go as a group of 2 or more, get rice and naan and a couple different items to share with the entire table.  You don't have to drink alcohol, but there's a full service bar at all 3 of the Tandoori Times locations and the beer selection is above-average!  This is the original location and offers a great, semi-upscale atmosphere and a nice patio complete with hookah!  Bellydancers join the fun on Friday and Saturday nights.  Decent value if you crave very good quality food, an exotic atmosphere and an authentic Indian experience.  Ok, the bellydancing isn't exactly authentic, but it's definitely exciting!  One of my favorite weekend hangouts...solid 5 out of 5!
The lunch specials here are great, especially the vegetarian menu on Fridays. The lunch wrap is always a favorite. The salad that comes with the vegetarian lunch menu isn't that great, but the rice is ok. The meals are quick and spicy and the service is very good.
Not an expert on Indian food, my daughter took me, and much to my surprise, I LOVED IT!!! A+
Wonderful Indian food!  The best food and service.  Give it a try and you will not be disappointed.  5 stars!
Best Indian food in Phoenix/Scottsdale
Great food, great atmosphere. Clean. Excellent service. Great food, but I've had better elsewhere. Probably the best I've had around Scottsdale!
Hubby and I decided to "eat outside the box" for our latest date night. This is definitely a good place to go if you typically don't have a very adventurous palate! The music was a *tad* loud and our server was on the slow side, but otherwise we had a great experience trying some new dishes. I had the lamb curry and it was very good. Hubby had the Saturday special, some kind of beef (can't remember the name) and it was very good and just a little spicy. The garlic naan and basmati rice were to die for!
Their website states they are open on weekends pretty much all day. So my husband called to get us a reservation because for some absurd reason you need a reservation to use their groupon. 

They didn't answer so he thought they were busy and called back. Eventually someone picked up and made him a reservation.

We showed up on time and the first thing out of the waitstaff's mouth was "So are you the guy who called 17 times?" Um I don't think it was 17 times but yeah sure, guilty. The thing was that the asshole was relentless. Embarrassing us in front of the other customers. We tried to explain that the website AND the voice mail gave us incorrect information but the guy Paolo still ended up blaming us by saying "you should have left a voice mail" and "Everyone was sleeping and finally someone woke up to answer roe you." He didn't even apologize and definitely made us feel like we were at fault. If he would have taken ownership of the issue it would have been a lot different. I could take the first snide comment and let it roll, but he wouldn't come off it nor apologize. Then we thought hey if they are mad that we woke the cooks up then maybe they'll mess with our food or something.

We felt so embarrassed and ridiculed and everyone was staring at us so we just left. I work hard for my money. I'm not going to spend it on assholes when there are so many other delicious restaurants to choose from.
This place is hard to find and I used to forget it even existed! We finally made it there mid-week. The menu is HUGE! So many traditional Indian dishes- our favorites like Chicken Makhani and garlic naan plus many others. Our waiter was very friendly and had some good drink recommendations off the cocktail list (it was happy hour pricing at the time). The alcoholic mango lassi was delectable. There aren't many Indian eateries in Scottsdale, but this is probably the best (out of the other 2 that I know of). Not a fancy place. Dress casual. Or buy an Indian-style blouse in the front of the restaurant!
I tried to use Google Translate to find out how to say "Holy crap that was expensive" in some Indian language but didn't have the option.

I came here with a client yesterday for lunch. It was my second time a Tandoori Times, although this location was a new one. Its actually kind of tough to find... tucked away in a pretty large complex of businesses and restaurants.

We sat down and were greeted by a very nice waiter. We both ordered an Indian beer and asked for suggestions. He pointed a few out and we got to ordering.

Appetizer was a Lamb Kabob (but they take out the stick before it is served). Just ground lamb with some sauted onions and peppers. It was accompanied by a few sauces. It was ok but certainly nothing earth shattering.

Then we ordered two entrees he recommended. One was a shrimp dish with a reddish curry. The other was chicken vindaloo. Pretty much chicken with potatoes in a yellowish curry.

He also suggested we get some nan (a flat bread) and some rice, advising the dishes were family style.

Hope I don't sound to crabby, but the portions were crap. I was expecting it to be like a Chinese restaurant where you get a good portion to share. NOPE. The shrimp dish had a whopping 6 shrimp. For $14 bucks I expected much more than that, especially after teh family style/sharing comment. If I go to a Chinese place and get spicy shrimp they bring out a proper portion. 

Same with the chicken. Maybe 6 or 8 chunks of chicken with a little potatoes. Same story as above. Anywhere else and I'd get a mountain of chicken. Enough to share, right?!

The little bit of lamb was $13, plus they also charged for the nan and rice. $3 bucks each.
Anyway, the food was definitely good, but when accompanied by a $67 bill (plus $13 tip), this was probably the smallest $80 meal I've had. Both my client and I could have eaten much more if allowed.

So I guess to sum it up. Good food but not at its price point. Those things have to line up to get a glowing review from this Yelper.

Highly recommend it though if price isn't a big concern. Can't wait to have to explain to my boss why I'm expensing an $80 lunch for just me and one client at an Indian joint.
I figured I would write an update on this review since the waiter reached out and attempted to rebut the points in my review. Unfortunately all it did was change their review from 2 stars to one. 

The waiter's comments are below. 

Waiter response to my original review - - - "Hi, i waited to respond so i could look at your check for this day.
First i apologize for your experience Lamb Seekh Kabob is served without skewers because they are metal ones and 5' long.
We have daily lunch specials which run from $8.95 to $11.95 , its complete lunch and comes with everything. Lunch specials combo of two dishes is only $2.95 additional. 
We cannot compare Indian restaurant with Chinese restaurant.
Tips were voluntary.
We will surely look into our prices compared to other Indian restaurants.
Thanks"

My response to this is...

I followed your lead when ordering our meal from beginning to end... I trusted you... if you had options that could have SIGNIFICANTLY reduced our bill, why was there absolutely no mention of this during my 90 minute lunch?!

I originally thought the service and food was good, but meal was overpriced compared to what we received. Instead, apparently the service was not good. You seem to have let me pay $13+ for each meal plus an additional $3 for rice and $3 for nan when we could have gotten much more for a lesser price (and likely left very satisfied). We trusted you to guide us to good food, not just good food that would pad the bill at a la carte prices. In the future, you may want to guide your customers to your specials.
Eaten here twice this week- delicious Indian food!!! 
My fianc and I are visiting from Iowa and honestly cannot get enough of this place. Their staff, Bobbi and Joel, were really kind and helpful. They know the menu in and out and Joel had great suggestions. I had the Chicken Korma and it was perfect. Recommend getting an order of Naan- plain and pesto were really good. Also a must have is their delicious basmati rice. Oh, and don't forget to get a Mango Lassi- they're really tasty. Another great thing is that their happy hour is from 5-7 and they have a great selection of well priced drinks. 
It's pretty challenging to find this location- it's on the north west corner of via Ventura and Hayden road. Google maps has it wrong. PERSEVERE IT'S WORTH IT!!!!
This is my favorite Indian food in AZ! Super high quality, fresh ingredients and the best flavor in town. Favorite dishes include shrimp or veggie korma, tandoori anything, and a variety of delicious paneers! And the naan is incredible - garlic is my favorite, but I've tried plain, potato and onion, and they're all wow!

The atmosphere is nice sit-down restaurant (although the seating could be a little comfier), the service is always friendly and the patio is lovely!! The indoor seating isn't super comfortable, but definitely good enough.

Seriously delicious food!
The food is simply superb - always tasty.  I often have Sag Paneer and it is really good.  The naan is great, too.  This is a very good place to go with a vegetarian because there are many, many options.

When the weather is good, it's lovely to sit on the patio.  We sat there a few weeks ago and while the service was pretty slow, the entire experience was good.  It was Saturday night and they were busy.
The Vindaroo and Naan were exceptional. Good portions. It appears they need more servers as it seemed chaotic.  Or maybe a bartender.
I'm

typing

this

to

demonstrate

the

service

speed:

very

slow.

Seriously, 45 minutes for dinner to arrive and after dinner coffee (it was chai tea) took twenty minutes. There were only six of us. Went there to meet friends for dinner. Food was okay. I won't be back.
Although the food is great, the service is just too slow.  We stepped inside the door and about five employees saw us and not one acknowledged us.

I am not coming back here.
Had dinner there tonight. The food was fine. Not particularly distinguished but not bad either. Unfortunately, the service was brutally slow.  It really should not take an hour for food.  Meal was over two hours; no desert.  Sorry but wouldn't go back to find out if this was an aberration. The other reviews suggest its not.
Great service. I'm a fan of the Belly dancing on weekends which can be fun when on the patio with enjoyable weather. I also recommend the Prawn Vindaloo if you want spice.
The service here was deplorable. I heard several complaints of the lack of service, and I experienced it firsthand. It took 10 minutes to get a menu, and another 20 to get the coke I ordered. How do you forget rice with an entree at an Indian restaurant. I hope the food is excellent, but I doubt it.
The worst chicken vindaloo I have ever experienced on three continents. I would not go back to this restaurant. I complained to what appeared to be the owner, who stated the chef would come and see me. I am still waiting.
I feel like I'm missing something when I don't come here at least once a week.  love this place!  I can't get enough especially since my friends and I discovered they have a special happy hour menu.  At this point, we don't even need to look at the menu.  I love the chilli naan, chilli paneer, tandoori fish, and samosa.  You might be thinking Whoa...hold on tiger, that's a whole lotta food.  Yes! it is.  I always have leftovers from this place for the next day!  Yum!!!
First time here, will be back for sure. Had the lamb vindaloo, chicken tiki, naan sampler and some kingfishers. All amazing. Paulo our waiter was awesome, very attentive and took time to explain everything thoroughly to us ignant white folks. Give Paulo a raise!
Service was bad. Come if you're not in any rush (I'm talking over an hour before you get a drink). They also forgot to bring out if appetizers which we were glad of in the end because it may have added another hour onto the wait.

The belly dancer gimmick is annoying but I am a joyless swine so it might be your thing. I don't like being worked for tips for something I didn't ask for though and I'm pretty sure belly dancing is not an Indian tradition anyway.

Food. I ordered a chicken vindaloo, which is supposed to be spicy but was pretty mild - It was really tasty though so no complaints. The missus got a chicken tikka masala which she enjoyed too. Naan was decent. They also serve kingfisher which is a fine beer.  Best tasting Indian I've had in Phoenix so far.
I  have to write that I was disappointed.  The problem may have been the waiter but our appetizers didn't come until 10 minutes later when we had to remind him that it hadn't arrived (he forgot).  He forgot the Channa Masala and we were too far into our meal to ask for it again.  He didn't ask us how hot we wanted our food so it all came out bland without much spice.

If you look at my ratings for Indian cuisine, I pretty much love all of it.  By far the best I have found in the Phoenix area is the Dhaba in Tempe.  Here the food was fine but given the alternatives, I wouldn't go back.  The veggies were too mashed together and the Chicken tikka masala sauce was too thick and goopy.  The lamb biryani was good but since they made it so mild, I didn't enjoy it as much as I could have.

The atmosphere is cute and more upscale than most Indian restaurants and the mall area is attractive and upscale as well.
Came here to meet a friend for lunch and I was very disappointed. We ordered biryani rice (not bad but not great either) coconut chicken, chicken tikka masala, and garlic naan. After waiting 20 min we got our food, the chicken dishes were lukewarm at best and there was no flavor difference between the 2 dishes. I had asked for my masala to be spicy but there was no spice whatsoever! The garlic naan had so much garlic on it that it was like biting straight into raw garlic!!!! We waited another 20 min to get our check since our server was nowhere to be found. I finally had to go to the bar to get the check. Do not come here if you want authentic Indian cuisine!!!!!
Value for money - and its not expensive, with top rate quality food - their lunch time menu sets the standard for the rest to follow - Go On - try it, 100% satisfied
Tonight's dinner was one of the best meals I have ever had.  The chicken tikki masala was superb and the naan bread was the perfect accompaniment.  We had a wonderful belly dancer with a fantastic body and personality to match!
The food is good, but the service ruins it, hence the 1 star.

I made dinner reservations for 5 people for 8 pm on Friday, April 18th. We had a movie show to catch at 9.45 pm, but I figured, 1-1.5 hour for dinner should be enough time. Boy, was I wrong. We arrived at 8 pm and 5 of us were seated in a booth for four people. Go figure! After 5 minutes, we pulled a chair for the fifth person. Not a big deal, but you expect better when you make dinner reservations before hand.

Anyhow, it took a good 15 minutes for our server to greet us. By this time, we had our entire order ready to be placed. At 8.15, we place the order. Our drinks were served at 8.25 pm. It was just Kingfisher, so I guess we got lucky there. 

It's 9 pm now, 45 minutes since we placed our order, and our food is nowhere to be seen. We try to get a hold of our very busy, slightly rude or maybe he just had a very dry sense of humor that none of the five people in my party really understood. We told the server that we had a movie to catch at 9.30 and were hoping to get the food asap now. The server tells us that our food is almost here, with no sign of regret. 

10 minutes later, it's now 9.10 pm, our food is still not here. My friend and I go over to the counter and ask our server (who is now the bartender?) and he tells us that we are second in line. Second in line 55 minutes from placing the order? You got to be kidding me! Anyhow, very politely we requested him to cancel our order, since we really didn't wanna miss our movie. Then our server disappears. We get hold of another employee outside the kitchen, requesting to cancel our order. At this point, we just wanted to pay for our drinks and get out of there! The second employee then goes in and 5 minutes later, our server comes out of the kitchen with our food. It's now 9.20 pm! Exactly 65 minutes from placing the order, and 80 minutes from being seated. We literally swallow our food and got out of there at 9.35 pm. Of course, we were late for the movie, and got the 3rd row from the front!! 

To sum up:
a) I made dinner reservations.
b) Got seated in an undersized booth for 5 people
c) Waited for 80 minutes for our food. 
d) Ate our food (which should have been a pleasant experience) in less than 15 minutes.
e) Got late for the movie.

Definitely one of the worst restaurant experiences!! NEVER AGAIN!
Came here while we were in town visiting family this past Saturday night, and I would say without even reading other reviews on Yelp, I immediately thought wow, do they even know we are out here?

We had requested outdoor seating, and they put a table together really quick for us, however, no one came to give us menus until we had to run back inside to remind them we were here. The waitress was very nice and helpful, she asked how we liked our food prepared and suggested appropriate spice levels, however, getting our wine, appetizers, food and even the check was a very long process. 

I don't know if it has to do with kitchen organization or just a lack of needed staff. But do not come here if you are on a schedule. 

The food is great - no complaints there! It wasn't the best Indian food I've ever had, but it really got the job done. We asked for Chef Hot and it actually came out spicy! We did enjoy it. I recommend the Tandoori Chicken,  Lamb TIkka Masala, Lamb Biryani and Naan!

In sum, good food, slow service, a good place to go if you're NOT in a rush to get anywhere after. Also, do not come here when you're on the brink of starvation, because by the time you get your food you might be on the floor.
Definitely go on a Friday or Saturday when the belly dancer is here. She is great and really invokes the crowd and kids. I liked the coconut chicken the best. The spicy wasn't that spicy so next time I will try Indian hot. Our server, Joe was amazing and knew the menu very well. The best part was the happy hour. You can get a glass of wine for only $3!!!!!!
One of the best Indian places I've been to I'm a while. Authentic, tasty food. It is a bit expensive, but you get a good amount of good for your money, which makes the cost more bearable. I frequently order take out and they are quick and rarely make mistakes. I do wish though that they would remind you to order rice separately-I always forget!
What a pathetic food. we went here to celebrate birthday. Ordered biriyani, which is so tasteless not even worth of touching it. There chilli chicken is one of the worst I ever had in my life. We were there before, but looks like it's a rapidly going down. I should say this is the worst food ever tasted in a while. Watch out if you want to venture out into this place.
We went for lunch yesterday and wanted to use a Groupon, but we had the dinner one instead. We both ordered from their lunch menu and got wraps. I got the Aloo Tikki (potatoes) which also had lettuce, onions, mint chutney and tamarind sauce. The menu didn't say this, but it also has mayonnaise in it. It wasn't horrible, but I would've preferred not having it. Overall it was great and their naan is really good. I look forward to trying more items for dinner, like their biryani and samosas.
Tandoori Times doesn't have a buffet, and I actually thought they had a buffet based on the Groupon description, but they have killer lunch specials.  They have different appetizers, entrees, and desserts everyday on a lowly discounted price of $3-6 per dish.  We were able to order all our main courses off of this menu and went on our way with a great lunch.  The restaurant has great decorations and colorful ambiance as well.
I'm shocked I haven't reviewed these guys before! This is my Go-To place for Indian food. Really delicious! 

Pros- Very good food! I was a newbie to Indian food when I first came here (years and years ago) and now I feel super confident in my ability to order it. You can request what level of spiciness you'd like (scale of 1 to 5) which is nice if you're a wuss like I am! They have bellydancers on the weekends (don't make eyecontact or they will ask you to dance with them lol). The servers are usually very attentive (fill up soda's quickly, can answer questions, you know, the usual). 

Cons- I guess my biggest gripe would be that they are forever offering a Groupon. The worst part? When I came here last I was with my aunt and she used a Groupon. NOOOOO!!!! I HATE HATE HATE Groupon and Groupon users (sorry Aunt Kris, you are of course exempt because you at least tip on the full amount). I say this with love Tandoori Times as I have been loyal to you since high school, no more Groupon! Honestly it ruins the experience for us loyal full paying customers because suddenly the restaurant is packed with these deal-chasing vultures.
We went to Tandoori Times last night as it was the only place we fancied that was open!

Only 2 other tables were taken and our service was great. Really friendly server. 

Food was pretty good. I had the Mattar Paneer and hubby had the Chicken Vindaloo 'Chef Hot'. Also tried the chili naan. All very good. Not the best we've ever had, but very good. 

Place could do with a good clean. The area under our table hadn't seen a broom or mop in a while. 

But all in all, we liked it and would go back.
I have had quite a bit of Indian food in my life and this has been by far the best. Four of us stuffed ourselves into a food coma. The ingredients were all fresh, the lunch specials such a great deal. The flavors were out of this world. I want to go back soon, I am getting hungry thinking about it. 

Great service also by the way. They were attentive, friendly, and quick.
This place just opened last Saturday and is one of the first restaurants in Centennial Center north of Ann, west of the 95.  My husband and I went there tonight and really enjoyed it!  I think we enjoyed not having to drive all the way to Paradise to find Indian food.

The dishes were a touch expensive for the area, but the quality and location made up for paying a bit extra.  They are working on getting their liquor license, so our bill was cheaper than normal anyhow.  

I had Aloo Gobi and my husband had Chicken Korma.  Their vegetable samosas were very good, served with two dipping sauces.  You can pick the spiciness of your dish from one to ten.  I got a 5 and felt it was very mild and my husband got a 7 and said it felt more like a 2 - so go much spicier than you normally would.

The service was very polite and prompt - we will definitely go there again - from the look of the menu, we will have many other things to try.  Also, I will be trying their lunch special soon - much cheaper and many options there.
This girl (*points to self with both thumbs) is soooo LUcky to have good eats around her!  woot.  Indian Curry Bowl is another semi-fast food/semi-sit down joint in the northwest Las Vegas area and also down the street from Market Grille Cafe.  It's located just down from Fresh & Easy and in the same shopping center as 24hr Fitness and Cafe Rio.

All the dishes are MOM-cooked and the mama's AND staff are all super nice, too!

Even though I haven't tried everything, I can confidently jump to the conclusion that everything is probably pretty good.  The curry isn't as thick as other curries I've had, but I definitely like the flavor resulting from all the spices.  You can asked for the chili on the side if you're eating with people with different acceptance levels of heat.  Personally, I luv that stuff! gimme gimme gimme... 

Here's what I tried so far... (per the owner, all chicken used in dishes is chicken breast)
1.  Garlic Naan - slightly charred, but it was nice and chewy.  Lil' bit of burnt taste gives it flavor... haha
2.  Vegetable Samosa - Deep fried, but not too greasy at all.  When do I ever say "no" to deep fried?
3.  Butter Chicken - similar to chicken tikka
4.  Chicken Tikka Masala (Tomato based curry)
5.  Chicken Saag (Spinach based stew)
6.  Chicken Korma (Coconut based curry)

p.s.  They have a lunch special for a curry bowl that's $5.95+, depending on the extras you get.  YUmmy curry on fluffy rice = happy lunch time nap.
WooHoo! First off, thanks to Julia and Michelle for putting reviews in...I was treated to a lunch that I've been waiting two years for.  Much like Market Grille, it is run by the mom.  This is what the NW was missing.  I really can't add much that hasn't already been said except please be sure to treat yourself soon!

I had the Chicken Korma, Veggie Samosas and Garlic naan for about $25, and it filled me up for both lunch and then as a leftover for dinner.
I love eating here.  It is my favorite Indian restaurant in Las Vegas. I usually get the Chicken Tikka for guilt free dining, but everything on the menu is great.  I highly recommend the Korma dishes.
I love Indian Curry Bowl! Every time I head to Las Vegas I have to make a trip there. The food is simply amazing. The butter chicken is awesome and the Daal Makhani is awesome (ask for it extra spicy). Id also like to say that their stuffed Naan bread is hands down the best tasting Naan ive ever had (that says alot because I have quite a few Indian friends). Ive read of other people complaning about the prices and I have to disagree the prices are reasonable especially considering that the quality of the food is top notch. The only thing I'd have to complain about is that they dont have a beer or wine license. I'd love to have a good beer or nice bottle of wine with their food. I actually cant wait til the next time Im able to visit Las Vegas again.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in LV...especially for Indian Food.
The best part is it is in Summerlin!

The couple that own this restaurant are sweet and adorable.  Thank goodness they are in retirement and decided to open a restaurant in LV in their spare time!

My favorites are:
Saag Paneer
Butter Chicken
onion naan was delicious too.
I also like their tomatoe based curry dishes
mango pudding was delicious for dessert.
I'm impressed!  Although my husband and  I have been eating here for months after a recommendation from a friend, tonight  was the first time I had a chance to chat with the chef/owner - Rita.

I am truly in awe about how much she knows about food allergies...and the lengths at which she goes to ensure that anyone who eats in her restaurant has a good experience...no matter what allergy they may have.

She also cooks with pure, organic vegetables and spices and will custom -make orders to suit your taste.

Don't wait a minute more to treat yourself to a meal here.
I've recently become addicted to indian food, and had heard about this great things about this place for sometime. I finally deceided to give it a try yesterday evening. Man am I glad I did. The food gods have smiled upon this restaurant. Befor eyou walk in you can smell the curry from the outside...mmmm

I ordered the Chicken Vindaloo (extra spicy and Garlic Naan and it was some of thee best i've ever had. The naan was light and airy & delicious! I could have eaten two baskets of it. The Chicken vindaloo portion was huge! I was able to split it with my husband and we both walked out full.

This place is definitely going to be seeing a lot of more me in the near future. So glad places like this exist in Vegas.
A funny thing happened here in Las Vegas: The couple that owned and ran The Samosa Factory had one of the finest Indian restaurants here in town. Well, they sold it off to a new-agey couple who have proceeded to debase what the original owners created. Then they retired. Then this place called the Indian Curry Bowl opened to a deserving lack of fanfare. Things weren't going well until the ICB people coaxed Rita and her husband out of retirement and once again Las Vegas has these wonderful chefs running one of the best Indian places in Vegas.

The food here is top grade. Rita is an Indian food goddess. 

Taste one of her Mango pies for proof.

The lamb dishes are always cooked well- meaning tender and moist. The Lamb Biryani is a good choice to highlight this. The Chicken dishes retain the flavors in all the dishes, without being dry or overpowered. Try the Sweet and Sour Curry Chicken for a hot, flavorful dish done to perfection.

The service on the other hand is can be lacking though. Rita's husband helps out here when needed and helps smooth over the lack of professionalism of the remaining wait staff. This is the weakest element to the business, along with the not-made-for-human shaped tables. Bad design and harmful to functionality. And a little music would fill in the sound space as well.

This place is not going to impress anyone on decor or service, but once they taste the wonders coming out of the kitchen, well, the food speaks for itself.
So, yeah.  I was really excited about this restaurant after reading the reviews here and have to agree the food is PHENOMENAL!  I had a wonderful butter chicken, I haven't had indian food that good since returning to the states.  Very nicely seasoned, naan wasn't greasy and the portion was more than enough for lunch the next day (with a second order of naan).

I can't in good conscience give this place higher than 3 stars, however, because the wait staff was absolutely atrocious.  

I went there with my husband and our friend and we were happy to see that we had the place mainly to ourselves.   We love indian food and had reviewed the menu online before we came.  We told our waitress we were ready to order.  I went first and ordered the butter chicken, level 5 spicy.  She stared at me for a second as if I wasn't speaking English.  After repeating myself a couple of times, she actually took the menu and stared at it like she'd never seen it before.  Very strange.  She mumbled something about her husband (huh?), finally got it straight and then shuffled over to the kitchen.  

She brought over our appetizers, but couldn't remember who had what.  The same happened with our entrees - there are only three of us in the restaurant.  You really couldn't get that right??

But the most egregious was during the meal.  A good waiter/waitress knows how to interject to see if you need something.  The two girls in the restaurant had this really strange habit of hanging out near the table until all three of us stopped talking to look in their direction because of the creepy staring.  Then, instead of I don't know, asking if we needed more water?  They would comment on our conversation.  We tried to be polite about it, but after the third or fourth time, we started making things up for them to get (more water, tea, soda, napkins) just so we could continue our conversation.  Not that that helped much. 

It was such a relief when other patrons came in and they were too busy to hover.  

The food is good enough that I will do take out orders, but I most certainly won't be eating in again.  Creepy.
I had to try this place after hearing so many good things about it and it certainly did not disappoint! I'm not really an Indian foodie but here goes:

The Chicken Korma with rice was absolutely amazing. The creaminess of the coconut milk and spiciness of the sauce made for a perfect combination of flavors! 

The garlic naan was light, fresh and equally flavorful. Warning: If you get this takeout, your car will smell like garlic for days! 

The curry chicken bowl lunch special (extra spicy) was tasty and full of spices. It was the perfect portion for lunch! 

I have only ordered take out on the 2 visits I have made. The place seems to be really slow, so I hope it picks up soon! I know I will be going back soon! I've heard that the samosas are the best!
Very watery Korma. The Naan had the texture of baked pizza dough. The only good thing was the tartness of the mango lassie. They were the previous owners of Samosa Factory,  but their food didn't seem to carry over. Samosa Factory has surpassed this place greatly.
This place is decent. My friend and I were looking for a late lunch after a hike at Mt Charleston. I always want to try somewhere I've never been (so I can Yelp it of course). I won't pretend that I know what authentic Indian food tastes like. The bottom line for me is whether or not I enjoyed it. I honestly couldn't care less about authentic.

I ordered a Lamb Curry Bowl lunch special, along with some Roti and a Mango Lassi. Everything was good. Maybe I'm just too Americanized, but the portion was pretty tiny! It costs $4.95 for a curry bowl and then you add $2 for the lamb (or chicken or shrimp). That's $6.95 for a tiny bowl of curry. Fortunately, the roti and the lassi rounded out my meal and managed to fill me up.

Like I said, the food is indeed good. It just seems overpriced. You're paying in the mid teens for a regular entre. Maybe the decor threw me off. The location and appearance suggest a cheaper price point. Next time, I'll take my Indian friend's advice and check out India Palace.

Man. Now I'm hungry for some more curry!
We went here back in January.  The service was really slow. The food was ok but very small portions for the price and I don't like big servings!  I cook better Indian food at home.
Service was good and fast. Food was great, the owner suggested the korma because i have never tried it and it did not disappoint.
My fiance and I had a craving for good Indian food. We usually would go to India Oven but decided to pick a local place closer to our house. Indian Curry Bowl is in the Northwest part of town in a very quiet shopping center. 
Considering it's location the prices were rather steep. (14.95 for most lunch entrees) 

They do however, have a lunch special. Curry bowls starting around 5 dollars and then 2 dollars extra for anything you'd like to add. (ie: vegetables, Korma sauce, CHICKEN, etc.) 
The husband, who I think is the owner, was somewhat friendly, a little odd and certainly pushy. We placed our order and he told me to try something else instead. We both decided on Chicken  Curry Bowls for lunch and he convinced me to try the Korma Sauce. When asked how spicy we'd like our lunch, I ordered a 4 and my fiance ordered a 6. 

Then, we ordered Naan. "Plain naan?".. YES, plain naan. 

We get our bowls. Small, but looked appealing. We taste them. Bland and the same level of spiciness for both... non existent. There was no spice in either bowl. 

The lady at a table near us ordered a ten and asked for more spice because it wasn't spicy at all. I think she had to ask for more spice 3 times. 

Later, our naan came. Garlic naan. Oops. He must've decided on that for us as well as that Korma Sauce. 

Although, it wasn't spicy and wasn't the best Indian Food, we didn't think it was awful. We ate it. 

We got our 20 dollar bill and gave him 30 dollars to get some change. He smiled and said, "Thank you!" before we had to ask for change. 
He looked puzzled but brought us change. 

Overall, not awful. It was worth a shot but we aren't going back. Service was mediocre and the food wasn't up to par. 

I'd rather drive several miles to get to a great Indian Restaurant in Vegas.
I ordered the lunch special: butter chicken (and also ordered the lunch special chicken korma and mango lassi to go).
The only other Indian place I've been to was Mt. Everest during the lunch buffet and mint. And then I was hooked to Indian food. I am by no means an expert in Indian food so bear that in mind...
Now, the food. 
Comparing the chicken makhani (butter chicken) from here to everest and mint, Indian curry bowl's is a lot less creamier with more of a spicy raw tomatoey kick. Since I'm so accustomed to that super creamy milky tomato sauce at first I was a bit disturbed but as I continue to eat I wondered if there was also a healthy version of Indian food.  By no means was it bad, in fact it felt extremely healthy and expertly made with spices and such... It's just I wanted that thick super creamy sauce (which I don't even know if that's "authentic" it just appeals to my taste buds more).
Service was good, establishment hired a new waitress. Checked if everything was okay, drink was filled, etc. Nothing stellar but I never really had high hopes either way. It's not some super fancy restaurant in the first place. 
I'd go back. The total for two lunch specials (butter chicken and chicken korma) with mango lassi was near $20. 
Oh and since so many people kept complaining about portions, we must have some beastmode eaters here. I eat a lot and it was enough for me to feel really full. Although takeout will be a liiiiiiiittle smaller in portions because of the plastic container they use. 
And I have a sneaking suspicion that maybe instead of giving me butter chicken they gave me that chicken tikka thingy? Which I heard isnt as creamy as butter chicken... Hmmm well I'll give it another go!

-----------updated----------
Ordered the butter chicken again, this time, although the texture was still a bit watery, the taste had that creamy milky taste. I was served by arnand this time. Perhaps he was in an iffy mood today? Wish the new waitress served me this time, she was a lot more friendlier.
The food is amazing!!! I went to get the vegetarian wrap lunch special...and i didnt expect it to be that great but I will definately be back after today! Definately one of my new favorite places to eat. Seems like it is family owned and i loved how nice they all were and the care they put in their food. All i have to say is you should definately eat here!!
I was super excited to try this place, since the reviews were so great. I should have known it was not going to be a good experience since there was not a single soul in the restaurant.

I was so disappointed, it still astounds me to this day. Me and my boyfriend tried out their lunch specials, I ordered a chicken curry bowl and he ordered a shrimp curry bowl. Our server (which seemed to be the owner) asked us how spicy we wanted it, so we told him medium. Then he proceeded to mumble something about baby food. 

When we got our food it was utterly horrible. It was a watery bowl of rice and chicken, with NO FLAVOR whatsoever. My boyfriends lunch was the same, except his shrimp was still grey. The owner and other workers seemed to be looking something up on their computer, but when they finally got around to checking on us (because I believe I was loudly conversing with my boyfriend about my disdain for our lunch) we asked him to cook the shrimp longer, and told him there was not much flavor. He went on to blame us for the flavoring, saying that we wanted it not spicy, but that he could bring us flavoring on the side, and that we were that ones that wanted BABY FOOD. He also informed us that we did not order the right thing, and that if we had asked him he would have told us what was good. Let me ask you dear sir, why is it even on your menu if you know it sucks? Adding the curry paste improved it slightly, but don't get me wrong it was still gross.

When we checked out we had to find him to get our check. He informed us that we didn't like the food, and it was because it was food we were not use to. I am Asian and my boyfriend is white, but that does not mean that we have never had good Indian food. Overall the service was absolutely TERRIBLE, the man was condescending as well as ignorant. All of this for the grand price of $20, the worst $20 I ever spent in my life.
I walked in @ 6pm on a Tuesday night, it was really slow, in fact we were the only ones in the restaurant. We were greeted by the waitress and told we could sit anywhere, the room was arranged nicely, there was soft Jazz playing overall a good ambiance.
The service was quick and to the point. We shared the whole chicken tandoori, which ended up being too much and we only had half; the chicken was fresh but I felt like it needed something else, we also had the garlic nan which was hot and fresh.  
Overall the experience was good, I will come back to try out the rest of the menu, hopefully soon!
Food was great.  Prices were high for what you got.
It's been about 2 months since I last visited Indian Curry Bowl, and I'm sad to say it is because the quality of food has seriously gone down.  Back approximately a year-ish ago, they were so bomb.  I thought owner Andy was funny as the sarcastic grumpy old man.  Rita (wife) would come out and ask us how the food was.  I'm sad to read that he's coming across as grumpy and condescending, and I can definitely see why.  

In the last few visits, gone now is the consistency.  No more fantastically flavorful curries and yes, the portion sizes are getting smaller.  Even the naan comes out soggy.

Conclusion:  Please, bring back the tasty Indian Curry Bowl that I knew so well.
Service was awful!! The mean owner should not
Be serving this place. He was rude and just grumpy. I love what the previous person, the owner should not be in the building! The food was excellent though, ill be back.
Yea, the curry and naan were good, but way overpriced for the dishes. Service was also slow.
+ Both the butter chicken and saag paneer entrees are outstanding. 
+ The naan was warm and tasty
- portions seem like they should be bigger considering the price
+ fresh, quality ingredients
+ friendly and local
- a little pricey. Maybe it's fair considering how good it s, but two entrees, two breads, and a pop came to around $40.
+ I would highly recommend this to a friend and will continue to eat there. 
+/- Both times that I have been here, it's been dead.
Excellent Chicken Korma and service.
Had the Chicken Naan, Lamb Samosas, Chicken Tikka and the Chicken Korma.  The Korma we ordered mild spice, it was a little watery and since we went 2 months ago, the portion size had diminished.  The Chicken Tikka my hubby ordered #10 super-hot, it was not, but had some heat to it.  The samosas were tasty, but a bit greasy and the Naan was a hit with my 1 and 3 year olds.  Overall, definitely going back, the food comes out PIPING HOT and freshly made, which I love, and all of the flavors are there that I look for in Indian food.  This is a nice little family-owned restaurant with polite and prompt service, but relaxed enough to seat yourself.  I love it and I try to go every few months.
We ordered lunch from Indian Curry Bowl yesterday, and I can't say enough about how HORRIBLE it was.  Not just the food, but the entire experience.  The food was very overpriced.  For 2 entrees, 1 side, and 2 orders of Samosas, the total came to $72!!  I was shocked, and looked over the receipt.  They were charging me $10 for chutney??!?  I eat Indian food from many different establishments on a regular bases, and the chutney is ALWAYS complimentary.  It's like charging for ketchup.  

While I was waiting for my order, I was watching the elderly woman prepare the food using...... a microwave.  Really?  No burners or stoves going, just a couple of microwaves.  The food was not good at all.  The Samosas were soggy and undercooked, the Chicken Tikka Masala and Saag Paneer were runny and looked like they literally had been mixed with water.  

So basically, I paid over $70 for food that was microwaved (seriously, I'm still appalled by that one) and terrible.  Never again!!!!
Food was mediocre at best.. Chicken tikka masala was not creamy, had very little chicken, and had no real flavor. Saag paneer was relly runny and the cheese was tough. The naan was good.. but how can you screw up naan? 

Severely overpriced.  The owner acted like he was doing me a favor with the prices and said that he had new menus already printed with higher prices. 

I will definitely not be returning.
The wife and I ended up here today after discovering that Saffron - Flavors of India has temporarily closed.

I'm sad to report that this place is easily the worst a la carte Indian experience I have had in Las Vegas.

My wife ordered Paneer Tikka Masala and I ordered my standard Chicken Tikka Masala. We also had our standard mix of garlic and plain naan which we love to use the mop up all the lovely rich creamy gravy that you usually associate with Indian food and these dishes in particular.

What arrived was not rich, creamy or even remotely lovely. They seem to take the "healthy take on Indian food" to extremes here. My tikka masala looked like it had been prepared by throwing a few pieces of chicken tikka into a mixture of blended onion, tomato, green peppers, and cilantro which had then been cut with about a cup of water until watery and tasteless. We heard the microwave going during the preparation, so I'd say that's pretty much exactly what was happening.

Imagine what you'd get if you microwaved a can of (if it existed) "Progresso low fat, low sodium Indian curry chicken soup". There's something extremely wrong with your Chicken Tikka Masala when no matter how many times you re-dip your chicken in the "sauce" it comes up completely devoid of anything covering it. The chicken itself was bland, waterlogged and soaked free of any flavour whatsoever.

We didn't really have much use for our naan since there was no real gravy here, but my garlic naan was pretty tasteless.

The only minor saving grace of the meal was the excellent home made lemonade and the passable samosas we began our meal with. 

To round things all off, a bill of close to $50 for a terrible meal in a restaurant that felt like a Subway landed on the table and I knew the second star I was going to award this place just for the lemonade and friendly service was gone.  

If you're a health fanatic who likes vaguely chili flavoured water with your chicken, paneer etc, then this place might be for you. If your looking for wonderful silky sauces and creamy, nutty tastes, run as far from Indian Curry Bowl as you can.
This is our #1 go to restaurant. If we don't eat here at least once a week the cravings won't go away. Each dish is prepared to order with the highest quality ingredients. I would highly recommend if you are vegetarian and even if you aren't try some of the vegetarian dishes. The owners Andy and Rita have such a passion and love for preparing food with the most amazing flavors. For anyone who is complaining about the cost, take a step back and remember you get what you pay for.
Very disappointing for what you pay. 
The onion and garlic Naan was the best part of the meal. other then that nothing stood out or made me want to add this to my list of go to restaurants.
 We got there at 730 and they close at 9, but the owner was rushing us and pretty much pushed us out the door. There were a few desserts we were eying but he would not allow us to try them.   

So in the end we will not be back...
I am not an Indian food expert by any means but I do like to try new places.  I stopped by and they had a sign for a lunch buffet for $9.99 but I wasn;t sure if I wanted a buffet.  The I looked at the menu and saw the prices ($$$) ... I guess the lunch buffet sounds good.

They had about 10 menu items - I tried; meatballs, chicken curry, butter chicken, rice, okra, and some garbanzo bean thing.  The only item I didn't like too much was the butter chicken, the chicken was dry.  The meatballs had a healthy dose of cumin which was a little strong for my taste.  The chicken curry was tasty.  My favorite menu item was the okra dish.  

The place is nice inside.  I am guessing the fella working there is the owner.  Not exactly mister personality, but I had the buffet so he didn't have to do much.  

I read some reviews and I do agree that the prices seem steep for this type of place.  For those prices I would like to see some belly dancers or something!!

Overall - I would say better than average food and decent value for the lunch buffet.
I was craving indian food one evening and my favorite indian restaurant in North Las vegas, Saffron, is still temporarily closed.  I was really heading to Fresh and Easy to pick up a few items when I spotted Indian Curry Bowl.  I had been curious about this place for a while and looked up reviews on Yelp.  I remembered the microwave issues yet my man thought that having a large table inside was a good sign.  I thought that having only 1 table at 6pm on a Saturday was a bad sign.

To make a long story short, we ordered vegetable samosa, lamb samosa, salty lassi, chai, garlic naan and sweet and sour curry.  (By the way, they no longer serve curry bowls.) Right after we ordered I heard a microwave go on. That's okay probably for my water for my chai. The microwave went on 3 times.  Now please understand that the kitchen is in the open.  If they did cook anything fresh one would hear so.  Nobody cooked anything fresh.  The microwave did all the cooking.  The salty lassi was the only item made fresh. My chai had a tea bag. The chicken in our curry was tandoori chicken cut up in chunks, strange.  The samosas lacked flavor and were dry.  The chutneys were okay. Again, they used a microwave to cook.

As for the bill, well we were charged for the garlic naan that never made it to our table.  At the time we ordered, we were the only table being served.  By the time we got the bill we were 1 of 2 tables (total of 4 people).  My man called him over and said we never got our naan.  He looked around on our table to be sure because he didn't remember if he had made naan. Really?  

Using a microwave to cook=1 star
Cute restaurant, food mediocre and not authentic.

I guess this place caters to gringo palates. We ordered samosas which were pretty good. the naan was a bit lacking in flavor. Myself and a companion who were familiar with Indian cuisine ordered the matar paneer and vegetable kofta. Food wasn't bad, but lacking in spice and deep traditional indian flavor. This was disappointing as we had specifically requested that our food be very spicy. The rest of our party ordered lamb korma and chicken tikka masala and were generally pleased as they liked their food on the milder side.

The owner (who acted as our waiter) was stingy with the rice. He brought us one bowl for five people and gaped at us when we asked for more, mid dinner service. Not that we were being greedy, but this was like the size of a cereal bowl. (when most indian restaurants will give you a serving bowl) He then proceeded to bring us  half a cereal bowl full of rice then said, "ok guys this is all we have." --REALLY.

He then paced around the restaurant then glared at us until we left.
I understand that we came about an hour before closing, which can be annoying for most restaurant staff, but there were also two other couples dining. Way to get your message across. I get it, you want us to get the f*ck out. Noted.

So we quickly finished and left. Needless to say I will not be returning. I've had better Indian Food in the backwoods of North Carolina. 

Service  was fast, food is ok in a pinch if you're desperate. But for me, Indian Curry Bowl is to Indian food as Taco Bell is to Mexican food.
This was our second visit to the Indian Curry Bowl.  We ate there shortly after it opened, and decided then never to go back. It was very expensive, especially for the no-frills location and decor.  There was no-one in the place at 6PM except us, and they still got our order completely wrong.  

 But it's been awhile, and there is a sign that says Best of Las Vegas 2011 (is there a restaurant that isn't on the Best of Las Vegas list?), so we went in for the lunch buffet.  The troll that owns the place is almost enough to make you flee in fright, but we suffered through him anyway.  There were about 10 different things on the buffet table, two chicken dishes, meatballs and the rest vegetarian dishes.  Naan at the beginning of the table should have been enough to make us change our mind.  It was charred, flat and dry, but we took a piece anyway.  The chicken curry was okay, and the "butter" chicken, whatever that is, wasn't too bad either.  However, most of the rest of the dishes were less than good.   Naan, usually one of our guilty pleasures, was awful.

We have eaten in many, many Indian restaurants here and around the world and are very familiar with Indian food, bad and good.  Origin India in Las Vegas, in our opinion, is the very best in town, and India Oven is pretty good too.  

There were only two other tables of people in the restaurant while we were there, at the noon hour, and one of them was eating the food with gusto. I don't want to question their taste, because this place has been open for a couple of years, so there must be some people who like it.  However, we don't, and won't be going back.
The best indian food I've ever had! Their lamb is cooked to perfection!
First few times I  tried this place, I liked what I usually order which is chicken korma curry with rice and naan.   I'd only go when I'd have the urging for curry and bc it is in my neighborhood, but I'd spend an easy $20 even just for my small lunch and always thought it was overpriced.   

I was so pleased to see their lunch buffet for 9.95 during the week, 12.95 on weekends.  I've been twice now and each time I had a little bit of every item, which were all nicely flavored.  Both times, finished everything on my plate and was super happy. So spending a $20 for weekend buffet, drink and tip was worth to me bc I got to try everything instead of just one item for the same price.   

Service and ambiance there has always been a little lack luster, but they must be reading their reviews bc the old man was no where to be found and the wife was super welcoming and friendly, and they had an attentive bus boy to help out.  I think they need some nice Indian music playing to kill the monotony.   But  I'm glad they are still open and in the neighborhood!  

I'd recommend trying the buffet during the week for the best deal.
We had take out and it was pretty good for Las Vegas indian food.  We had 3 different dishes and each of them was delicious.  The nan was okay, the garlic nan could of used a little more garlic.  Overall it was good though.  Check it out if you are in the area.
I go before closing and order the tandori chicken. They serve it with bell peppers and onions. It ask comes with rice and lemons. I order rai cucumber sauce and garlic nan. The owner is very friendly and always knows what I want. Nice to see a family run business. The chai ice tea is good too. Will try buffet soon
My wife picked up orders of lamb and chicken vindaloo and naan.  The vindaloo was supposed to be level 8 of 10 for heat, it was so bland I would say it was actually level 0.  The naan was very dry and did not even hold together, it was like bread particle board.  
  Not a good meal, but it wasn't over.  8 hrs later I began to have the most violent episode of food poisoning I have experienced in 45 years.  12 hours of projectile fluids coming out both ends.  I am lucky I was the only one in my family eating the Curry Bowl fare.  I will never go near the place again.  But hey, at least it was too expensive.
I have been here 3 times. I don't know why I've chosen to go so many times, but each time has not been a good experience. 

#1 - My old roomie said it was her favorite Indian food in town. It must have been the only place she's ever tried. Horrible service, very bland food. 

#2 - I was craving Indian for lunch, and this was the only place in the Northwest at the time. I ordered take out, took longer than I was told, charged me for the extra rice and naan I ordered, but failed to give it to me. Again, the food was very bland and watery. 

#3 - They had just advertised a new buffet for lunch. My boyfriend and I had both agreed this place was not very good, but we decided to give it one more try for the buffet. Horrible service, and very distasteful food. They didn't direct us to anything, just expected us to know how it worked didn't ask us if we needed anything. There was hardly any food to chose from and what there was available was cold and hardly any left. 

If you've never had Indian food, this place will most likely not ever give you a good impression of it.
Finally there's Indian Cuisine in the Southwest part of the Valley.  Opened April 2009, and looks promising to me.  Located on the Northeast corner of McDowell & Litchfield.  Contemporary atmosphere, nice stylish square plates, but limited seating.

Very nice menu with traditional Indian favorites, plus some of the uncommon items that I've found in cities (such as Chicago) that offer more diversity in Indian cuisine.  For example, I don't normally see Bhindi Masala, Mushroom Palak, and my favorite - Bombay Aloo (beautiful cumin seed spiced potatoes).  

Tandoori breads are reasonably priced, which is certainly a change from the norm in the West Valley.  Again the menu offers more diversity - Garlic Roti, Gobi Parantha, Paneer Naan, in addition to the usual favorites.  They're all rather small and circular, flat/thin like tortillas though which isn't too exciting.

There are about 10 appetizers to choose from, which is a nice change from the West valley competition which offers just a couple, or only offers them on Saturday and Sunday afternoons.

Prices overall are quite reasonable.  

Open 7 days a week, 11-2:30 for lunch, and dinner 4:30 to 10pm.  Buffet offered 4-5 main course entrees to choose from, with choice of bread, and vegetable pakoras were a tasty appetizer.

Only complaint is that the staff/owners have a heavy accent and it was difficult to communicate at times.  For ethnic cuisine, though, is this such a flaw?
We've been twice for the buffet. We are happy to report that Sutra has one of the tastiest and most diverse Indian buffets in town. Favorites include Chicken Tikka Masala and Vegetable Pakoras. Diners are given a choice of plain or garlic naan. It's not all raves and applause - The bismati rice was a bit over or undercooked (crunchy) on my last visit, and on both occasions the owner's long-winded chit-chat actually kept us from enjoying our lunch while it was still piping hot. Still, as far as Indian restuarants in the valley go, this one is tops. We hope Sutra, opened in April 2009, will be a fixture in Goodyear. We don't want to go back to driving to Glendale or Tempe to find decent (or meh) Indian cusine!
I must say, I am a picky about my Indian food.  When this place came to Goodyear, I was stoked.  I have been driving over to Bell Road to satisfy cravings for Indian and that was for mediocre satisfaction.  I'm always a bit worried to fall in love with a restaurant, especially in this area, as most are gone within two years...but I did.  I have been to Sutra seven times now and every single time I think "God I hope this place makes it".  This restaurant has climbed to my top three favorite Indian restaurants.  The food is nothing short of amazing.  Each time, a bit different, but always very good.  The buffet is my favorite b/c I like to try all of the flavors.  They have five vegetarian entrees and three or four meat dishes.  There is nothing on the buffet that I wouldn't eat again.  The Tikka Masala sauce is rich and flavorful and is spiced just right.  The Palak Paneer (they call it something else) is also wonderful.  The service has improved since opening and the "son" is very professional and is johnny on the spot.  My drink never went below 1/3 full and I can get in and out in 30 minutes if I need to.   It's the "father" who cooks and I think the recipes he has brought to this restaurant are truly unique.  If you love indian food, or even if you don't, please check this gem out.   And in response to another's comment on seating...it's a nice modern place, well decorated and there is plenty of seating even at noon sharp.  When they first opened they were slammed, but things have settled down to normal business now.  They also have a full bar with some very interesting wine selections.  I take everyone I know there just so they can experience truly excellent Indian food.
Yum! Living in Laveen, there are not a ton of indian places to visit, unless you want to take a little trip! The BF and I were looking for something different, something we don't normally have. After a little bit of yelping, we found this place. Neither one of us have had indian food, and yelpers seemed to like here, so we thought we'd give it a shot! Although Urban Spoon gives completely opposite reviews, we decide, eh why not?? I'm super glad we braved it out, because everything was real good. The BF asked what my favorite dish was, and I didn't have an immediate response to this question, one bit. 

Food was great, I really liked the flavors. Everything we ordered seemed to be tomato based as everything had a redish color. I don't know if this is typical indian food or not, but it could be. Anytime the BF and I try something out, we normally order 3-4 things to try out and of course end up taking a bunch home, but I think it's only fair to us, and to the restaurant in order for us all to get a feel for each other. I wish I had a pen and pad so I can say what we had, but I'll try to describe as much as possible. 

We had a lamb dish that was served in a tomato sauce with potatoes, and I ended up calling this my favorite. Come to think of it this is actually the only one I didn't know. I know it was in the Lamb section of the menu towards the bottom. Then we went with the Chicken Something Masala (they have a regular masala, and we went with the one with 3 words, haha), it was very good too, little bit oily, and the chicken to me was very dry, almost flakey. Then we went with the Beef Curry just in case we didn't like the other too, this dish was real good too. We ordered this with a side of rice, which was fantastic! I loved the rice, its basamati rice, was very fluffy and light. I loved that the rice didn't take over my whole meal and fill me up before I could enjoy each dish (sauce, is more what i'd call it, considering you really need the rice) 

All in all, we'll definitely go back here, I guess until we actually try another indian spot on our way home from work or something. The place is small, they had cute plates, a little bar, that seems as if it will grow if the people come! I can see upgrading the stars with time, and experience!...oh yeah, those 3 things, plus the rice came to just under $35, so definitely sweet on the pocket!
Delicious Indian food, as good as the dhabas in India and Los Angeles!  My family was so excited to see this place open.  I do hope it makes it!  Go there and try for yourself.  You will find amazing food, great service, and a Television for your sports viewing pleasure.  They also have a full bar, which is an added plus.  My fellow Goodyear/Avondale peeps - get out of the chains and support this local gem!
After spending many years living in Silicon Valley, I couldn't wait for an Indian restaurant to open up in the West Valley. It's hard to list a favorite because I loved everything I tried...Garlic Naan, Shrimp Vindaloo, Curry Chicken, Karahi Lamb, etc.. Don't forget to try the Mango Lassi and Kheer if you have a sweet tooth. They're family owned and operated and all great people. I love the decor and ambiance. And I can't wait to try their lunch buffet and their beers from India.
One word: WOW! Having moved to Buckeye after years of living in Boston, MA, I have been suffering miserably without my weekly fix of indian food. This place is not just great, but better than most indian restaurants i have tried in downtown Phoenix. 

I really hope this place stays afloat. As vegetarians, my boyfriend and I ordered the Mushroom Bhajii and the Beingan Bertha (sorry for any misspellings!). Both were *excellent*. We also had the vegetable pakora and garlic naan and everything was equally as good. Waitstaff were super nice and friendly and genuinely concerned about how we liked our food. 

We went on a Sunday night and there were lots of diners, though still plenty of seating. It's a great size, and I really enjoyed the music. Very non-descript location in a shopping plaza, but then what would Arizona be without that? 

Check this place out, you will not be disappointed. I plan to return again and again and again...very excited!
Just got home from here. My first time eating Indian! I am quite happy, it will stick with me like Thai food, I will crave it at least weekly now. The only part I wasn't impressed with was the Chicken Biryani , it tasted like rice-a-roni a little, it smelled like heaven though. We had Garlic Naan and another chicken dish (but I can't remember the name :( it was very good! I had the mango lassi, very good! They also brought us what the owner called "Indian doughnuts", they were like wet doughnut holes, very good, but very sweet. I could only eat one. I am going to go for the buffet next time, so I can try a little of everything. I recommend trying it! They may not make it, we were the only ones in there the whole time we ate! I hope more people go, it is worth it!
It was the first time for my husband and I to try Indian cuisine.  We both liked it very much.  Yes, we will be coming back to this place!!

We ordered the Non-Veg Assorted Snack (Seesh Kebab, Fish Pakoras & Chicken Pakoras) for an appertizer.  The Seesh Kebab was minced lamb mixed with spcies cooked on skeker in clay oven, not like the normal kebab you think it is.  The taste was different, not my cup of tea.  But the fish and chicken Parkora was very good.

For our entrees ordered up a Karahi Lamb-Boti Masala (boneless tansoori lamb in a tomatoe and butter gravy) and Chicken Biryani (basmati rice with chicken cooked with nuts, herbs, raisins, and spices).  The Karahi Lamb dish was served as medium and the Chicken Biryani was served as mild.  The lamd dish was too HOT for me (but then I am a super lightweight), but the flavor was good.  I loved my Chicken Biryani, the aromatic rice, herb, and spices was just wonderful to smell and taste.  The waitress suggested the Garlic Naan bread.  It was like a pita with small chunks of garlic and herb.  It was very tasty too.  

We got to chatting with the owners.  They were very patience to explain what everything was and give us different sauces to try (cucumber yogurt, minty cream, etc.) with our dishes.  They also brought out a sample of the Kheer (rice pudding), my husband inhaled it.  He loved it!
Yes! So happy to find Indian food in the southwest part of the valley! Went here for the lunch buffet - good selection of vegetarian and non vegetarian options. My favorite was the chicken tikka masala - really flavorful and tender - I was able to cut through it with a fork. 
I'll definitely be back!
Okay, it almost seems a shame to burst the bubble of the positive reviews of this place, but I just have to. 

I'm not an Indian food expert, but I am a serious enthusiast and I've eaten at dozens of Indian places on three continents, not to mention my family being from the vicinity of that area of the world and therefore having grown up on curry and rice and all things spice.

We went here for lunch yesterday (Sunday), thanks to a Yelp/Aloqa recommendation after we'd had a romp at Estrella Mountain Park and were starving. The place was almost deserted at 1pm, with only one other table occupied - fair enough. We went for the buffet. And I have to say, it was simply "okay". The buffet didn't have a particularly wide variety of stuff - several items were cheap regulars such as the saag and the dhal - spinach and lentils for the uninitiated. They did have aloo zucchini, never seen that before - tasted okay, about as good as I'd have been able to make it (and that's actually not a compliment). No lamb dishes - disappointing, but unfortunately this is also rare.

Flavorwise, I found it boring and unspectacular. Saag is saag, tandoori chicken is tandoori chicken, except their chicken was very light on the tandoori smoke flavour. None of the food left the slight zing on my tongue that it should have. Rice was okay, but then you typically can't go wrong with cooking basmati (although another reviewer's mileage apparently differed on this count). We had our almost-3-year-old along and he did have a little rice, chicken and beef - it was his first real curry and thus a pretty substantial milestone for us. Then the wife went to get a little kheer and a gulab jamun ball. The kheer was watery but tasted okay - compared unfavourably to the sabudaana kheer at India Palace. The jamun ball was almost completely solid - you had to press real hard with a fork to cut it, normally they're nice and soft and soaked. However, another one I got was normal - so it was just the luck of the draw there. Beef curry was nice, although the first piece I ate was mainly fat - whatever, you get that and I don't mind it. The fried pakoras can normally be cut through with a fork. These you had to saw through with a knife - not great, chewy to the point of almost being crunchy. No samosas in the buffet. The naan was unusual. I've had a LOT of naan before and this stuff was the uncommon kind, not thick and pita-ey but instead a little more like a roti. It tasted very fresh - we had plain and also garlic - and the wife really liked it. Kid did too. I personally prefer the other sort of naan - softer and a little more substance to it, but this one had merit regardless. However, it took at least fifteen minutes after our food was served before the naan arrived.

All up, middle of the road as far as I'm concerned, although the wife quite liked it. Note that this is for the buffet only - we did not have a-la-carte and perhaps the to-order cooked food may have tasted better. I've had better buffets - the best one in Phoenix west of the 17 IMO is India Palace - a wider variety, a lot busier (as a result, I'm sure) and more flavourful food. Admittedly, I haven't tried any other Indian places south of Bell but west of the 17 except for Sutra. Bell appears to have most of them?

I would normally have given this place a flat three stars, but I'm going to give it an extra half and round up for a few reasons. Firstly, the waiter was real nice and very attentive - up to the standard of a typical US chain place, rather than the silent wanderers with the Easter Island statue facial expressions at other buffets who do no more than refill your water and clear your dirty dishes every fifteen minutes or so. He was asking us how we were doing, offered refills of my wife's iced tea at appropriate times etc. Spot on. Next, there's a buffet discount where all kids under 10 are $5 - however, we noticed that they appropriately knocked the price down to $3.50 for us, unbidden and I guess for the simple reason that he was set up in a high chair and obviously only ate 1/4 of a breakfast bowl worth of food in total. Third, the place had nice decor (although I was a bit concerned there were no tablecloths, with my kid banging his plastic sippy cup and spilling sh1t all over the tabletop) and thankfully they didn't have sh1tapple wudda-wudda-waa-waa pretentious bhangra muzak playing in a cheap attempt at making you feel like you're actually in India.

I'd eat here again, but only if I'm in the area and DYING for Indian food. It simply didn't measure up, either buffet-wise or flavour-wise. For first-timers, I can see how they would have enjoyed the experience - clean seating area, Americanized flavours and a good waiter. My experience, however, has been burned in over almost four decades and I've kicked the tyres of more cuisines from this area of the world than I can recount, especially Indian. Three and a half, rounded up to four, Seacrest out.
This review is for the buffet. Typical buffet food. I had saag, bombay potatoes, tandoori chicken, curry chicken and pakoras. I think they must leave out the spices for the buffet in case first timers come in. The saag was good, but it wasn't anything special. Bombay potatoes were just meh, This was however, the first Indian buffet I have been to where the tandoori chicken was not dry as a bone. It was actually juicy. Props for keeping the bones in the curry chicken, although there seemed to be more bone than meat. And the pakoras, bleh. 

I ordered a roti and a parantha. It was the weirdest roti I had ever seen. I am going to agree with Dean-Ryan S and say it looked like a mix of roti and naan. It wasn't horrible though. The parantha on the other hand was dry and almost burned. 

I was there by myself and the young guy and older woman were both very friendly. At first the guy was making conversation with me keeping me entertained but then he went in the back. 

I'd return perhaps for dinner. But since I don't live here I doubt that will happen.
Best Indian restaurant I've been to in forever. I was spoiled by the great places in England. Sutra is as good if not better. Great flavors and use of spices. Super friendly staff. Extensive menu. If you are in the vicinity you've got to check this place out!
We stopped by for our first experience of Indian food a little more then a week ago.  There was only my husband and I and one other couple in the whole place.  The one waiter spent the entire time talking to the other couple.  We ordered drinks that we never actually received.  At the suggestion of our waiter who was friendly in the few minutes he actually spent speaking with us, we had the buffet. It seemed very very bland.  I was really excited to try Indian food because I'd heard such wonderful things about the flavors.  We will be trying Indian food again, but never from here.
My wife and I LOVE us some good Curry!  

We went here on a double date and I like the cafe type atmosphere.  We were the only ones in the restaurant for the first 20 min.  The food was pretty good.  

Warning, these guys are serious about spicy.  Medium is a normal person's hot and hot is, "wow I'm gonna feel that tomorrow kind of hot."

The Chicken seemed really fatty to me and not cooked enough for my tastes but I like my chicken well done.  

Since its the only real Indian place on the West Side we'll probably go there again.
I was running errands and hungry, so I stopped in to get some lunch.  Oh my goodness everything in the lunch buffet was AMAZING! I am new to indian food, but I love it! This place is great!
Sutra here sits in a large shopping center, & I would describe it as a stylish, mid-sized cafe.  There's a full bar, which features several special wines, plus 24 beer varieties, along with the usual well drinks.

The salad bar had the expected chopped lettuce, sliced tomatoes, cucumbers, purple onions & the chopped salsa-like topping mix, the name of which escapes me.  There were also lemon slices (cut the right direction!), & chunks of cantaloupe.

The Naan bread was warm but plain, & there were mostly the usual dishes, including Chicken Tikki Masala, & Tandoori Chicken.  Something I hadn't seen before was Egg Burgy (minced, curried egg with onion?).  Whatever it was, it was good.  For me, though, there was nothing particularly exciting about this place.  Having both medium and large plates out was a nice touch, & the matronly server lady was friendly & attentive.

The Lunch Buffet is $8.95, & it's "A-OK"!
This is the first time I have tried this restaurant, and the atmosphere is very pleasant. Dinner was amazing the soup, the bread, and the curry chicken were just fantastic, the spices and flavors perfect. The staff was very nice and helpful. I am recommending Sutra to all of my friends, and my family. I will definitely be returning to enjoy this fine Indian Cuisine again and again. It is also reasonably priced and very clean.
It's just OK. I've lived in India and would have to say this is an American version of Indian food.  Otherwise, I guess it would be quite tasty had I not visited India. Probably would not re-visit, nor recommend.
Attempted to have dinner here tonight (9/9/2010) but appears they were closed.  No signs confirming, but 630pm on a Thursday and not open makes one think they are gone.  - If I find this to be in error I will remove this review/comment.  We chose to go to India Garden on Dysart instead.
Very strong first impression! Superior dining experience.

The decor is embellished and thoughtful. The food was very tasty. 

Lunch buffet review to follow in an update.  For dinner, though:
Lamb Curry (medium spicy), Vegetable Samosa (2 of them as appetizer), garlic nann and, yes, mixed pickle...and a bottomless coke for around $25. 

I felt the quality and quantity of the food was superior, and priced correctly.

Visitors to Las Vegas should appreciate this restaurant. PLEASE NOTE: To find this restaurant from The Strip, drive on Flamingo or Tropicana or even Spring Mountain westward (up the slope) until you get to Valley View.  Turn RIGHT (Northward) and drive to Sahara at the stop light with the Rebel gas station. At the stop light, intersection of Valley View and Sahara, Turn RIGHT again (going down the slope, back toward The Strip).  The restaurant is immediately on your right, right next to the Rebel gas station, in the same parking lot as Marianna's Supermarket. PLEASE DO NOT ATTEMPT TO TURN LEFT AGAINST TRAFFIC ON SAHARA AT ANY TIME OF THE DAY IN AN UNCONTROLLED INTERSECTION. You'll be thankful for both the dining and the driving experience. :) 

Enjoy and make sure to review this restaurant!
I and 4 co-workers tried this place for lunch. I was anticipating this place opening as soon as I saw the sign that it was an Indian restaurant AND had lunch buffet so when it finally opened, we had to go.

It did not disappoint! The lunch buffet is 8.99 and there is a great selection of food. It's not the BEST Indian that I've had but for the value, it is excellent!!
The thing I also appreciated was the naan was included with the meal and you didn't have to pay extra for it as I had at other Indian restaurants. They give you a choice of either plain or garlic so we went with garlice. It was awesome! Hot and fresh from the oven, had herbs and plenty of garlic to our liking.

The service was great as well as the servers attended to our table and made sure our drink glasses were never empty. They checked regularly to ask how everything was.

All of us left VERY full and happy with our experience at Mt. Everest. We will definitely be returning regularly for lunch.
We went the 1st day they were open and it was fantastic.  Easily the most variety of Indian food offered (4 curries, tons of veggie dishes) for a lunch buffet around town and the price is unbeatable. Service was friendly and extremely attentive which prob had to do w/ this being their grand opening.  I left stuffed beyond belief.
Highest Quality Indian Lunch Buffet.

Wow! Very tasty food, spicy enough for most Americans (though not so spicy for many from the region). Twelve bucks with drink and tax.

Very impressive restaurant!
This place has a great variety of Indian dishes. We were here for the lunch buffet and were not disappointed. The Naan bread was a little fatty and not as crisp as I hoped it would be but all other dishes made up for it. We will be back for sure.
I took the family for the lunch buffet and it was the best Indian buffet in Las Vegas.   I had been to just about every Indian buffet in town before getting a recommendation from a friend.  The place was clean, the food was well stocked, and the fresh naan that's included with the $8.99 was excellent.   Particularly good was the chicken tikka masala.  Since my kids liked it, I will be going back there often.
AMAZING.

AMAZING FOOD, even better price. Forget spending $25.00 at a casino buffet when you can eat here for lunch. TRUST ME.


The service is amazing. I love waiters that fill your drink glass without you asking...well, lets just say my glass was always full.
This place is really really really reaaly good. It was a "yelp it to get off the strip" find. Everything made fresh and "instant". (see the naan on the menu). The buffet is for lunch only  and yes, it had some weird decor, a couple of electriic guitars and a neon billiards sign. Go here. Eat here.
LOVE it!  I have eaten here about ten times now, and it is a pretty new restaurant, so that is saying something--especially since I am a very picky eater.  At lunch you can either have the buffet or order from the menu; at dinner you order from the menu.  Many of the items on the lunch buffet vary from day to day--some days there will be chana masala, some days vegetable korma, etc.  It's always great.  I actually like ordering from the menu better, though.  The owner is a very nice guy and works hard to make sure his customers have everything they need.  I have introduced several people to this place, and they all come here regularly now.  And some of them are pretty picky people, too.
I give a 4 star for the food and service.  My wife and I were a bit hesitant when we only saw 2 others eating in the restaurant. Also it looks like a converted Burger King and the decor is a bit drab, but decided to try it anyway.  We had 2 great dishes and the Naan was excellent.  If you can overlook the very basic decor and consider the food end service, this place is great.  We would eat here again.

A note to the owners if you read this. Get rid of the florescent lighting and add more soft lighting. Maybe get spend a bit to warm up the atmosphere and you will have a winner restaurant! good luck.

Prices seemed mid range for Indian Cuisine. I think we had two dishes and Naan totaling about $25 before taxes. Very fair for quality food.
When I saw Mt Everest getting ready to open I was initially a little put off by the locale - in a defunct Burger King building, next to a gas station, in a grotty parking lot outside Marianna's Mexican Supermarket on West Sahara. 

Eventually we tried the extremely reasonably priced lunch buffet for $8.95 and were immediately blown away by the quality and variety of food here. I am a meat eater and my wife is a vegatarian, but there is so much for both of us. 

The Chicken Makhani and Chicken Tikka Masala (these two rotate so you will get either one of the other) are both wonderful and there's always a few delicious vegetable dishes that are cooked and seasoned to perfection. Vegetables that I would never consider eating elsewhere are somehow transformed into pure delights.

Also excellent is the selection of pakora and the large, delicious Samosas (I usually manage to polish off three of these).

Freshly cooked naan (so fresh you almost burn your hands if you aren't careful) is so good you could make a meal out of it and some of the sauce from the buffet alone. Our hosts usually offer us our choice of plain or garlic naan - or even both. They are eager to please their customers here at Mt Everest.

Quite often I can tell when an Indian restaurant is going to be good by the number of Indian people eating there - Mt Everest attracts a diverse mix of clientele, yet does not fall into the trap of becoming too westernised.
If I have one small criticism it is that Gulab Jamun (a personal favourite) never seems to appear as the dessert on the buffet, but this is an extremely minor complaint.

The dinner menu is extensive with as many as ten options for each base type of food (veg, chicken, lamb etc). At dinner you get a free serve of papadums along with well priced servings that were a good 30% cheaper than in some of the local competitor restaurants and possible TWICE the size - Extremely good value and the dinner time Butter Chicken could be the best I have ever tasted.

Note: You might want to look over all 1 star reviews of Mount Everest (and for that matter, all Vegas Indian restaurants) with a critical eye. You'll notice they are often from people who have written no other real reviews. I strongly suspect there's some "review wars" going on between different establishments. You'll notice they will always claim that staff are "rude, disrespectful, etc" - There isn't an Indian restaurant in Vegas I have been to where the staff have been anything short of gracious to the point of humble and Mt Everest is no exception. Don't believe the bogus reviews that claim otherwise.
This is an extremely good Indian restaurant. The chefs certainly know their way around a spice rack. My favorite dish so far is the vegetable korma. I'd suggest ordering a side of garlic naan with your meal, since it's hands-down the best naan in town!

I highly recommend this restaurant.
Fail to understand the Yelp hype here. Very standard north Indian restaurant. Solid, and in the top half of that category, but not 5 star by any stretch. Only a couple of Nepalese dishes. Vegetable chow chow was kind of lame, just a few chopped peppers and onions. 

There are too many Indian restaurants bringing the same menu and they all blend together. India is a huge country (especially when you're including neighboring countries like Nepal), and it has a vast variety of cuisines and styles. Somebody please bring something more adventurous than saag paneer and chicken tikka masala.
good solid indian food. The lunch buffet is an amazing deal. The food is always made to order.  Dinner and take out is always great. Would recommend this restaurant to any one craving indian food.
Don't judge a book by it's cover (they got new windows that makes them look closed hehe). We love this place. Great selection, changes per day (good thing because we do come here consecutively). The service is friendly and attentive. Lunch buffet= 8.99, wow. For the low maintenance diner.
I've been to Mt Everest several times for lunch (buffet) and dinner, and have been pleased on each visit. I had dinner there about 1 week ago, portions were large, food was good quality, service was fast and friendly, overall definitely recommended.
Don't let the location put you off.  I've been here over a dozen times for both lunch and dinner and have left happy each time.

Definitely try the buffet for lunch.  Food is hot, fresh, and tasty.  You get both plain and garlic naan as part of the meal, all for $10.

Dinner is great as well.  Lamb and chicken dishes were quite tasty.  The only dish which has disappointed was the tandori which was flavorful but overcooked and dry.  I've tried it twice with the same result so I'm sticking with the curries.
this place hits the spots and location is a little dirty looking on the outside,   but inside clean and totally different atmosphere, they impressed my friend that they use real table clothes at lunch? It is off the strip,no casino buffet  line here,prices are great and food is tasty too.. If you have few friends get the coupon on their web site-to get  a discount... lunch was hot and fresh,and we got garlic and plain naan,with our meal,oh yummy..
And you have to splurge and get the mango lassi-again yummy..
I had dinner here tonight.  It was my first visit.  I had the Lamb Saag and an order of Garlic Naan.  I really enjoyed my meal.  I asked for it to be spicy.  It was a little mild for me, but it was still very good.  I'll be back to try the lunch buffet to get a mix of their food.
A luncheon with my fellow Yelpers, Misti Y. and Blair T. at Mt. Everest India's Cuisine was just delightful!! 

This Indian canteen is clean, but small. The variety of food choice was short, but it was good. They had 50/50 cuisine choice for predators and plant eaters! ;-) 

My favorite is their Nan basket that they brought out from the back, which is delivered to your table as you sit down with your food. I like this concept because some Indian buffets will have the nan sitting on the buffet to be grabbed individually.  The Mt Everest way, keeps the nan fresh and savory by delivery! 

The big plus is that they offer a coupon to purchase 2 buffets and get 1 free, which is good until May 31, 2010 (you can redeem this online http://www.citycoups.com/mteverestlv.html).

I will be coming back and especially being located close to my office.
I had a fabulous lunch here with Yelp's Misti and Honey ! I'm not an Indian food expert - I'd defer you to Misti's review if you're looking for technical insight on the food quality. 

Overall I was quite impressed ! This will be my new go-to Indian food buffet spot for lunch. $8.99 ($6 with coupon!) is definitely a great price for the quality level. As the other ladies mentioned - the Naan basket is out of this world. Garlic and plain!? Yes please ! I might have eaten like half the basket - sorry girls!! 

I should also mention despite the location and the shady looking exterior, the inside is neat and clean and very spruced up. Don't let the location scare you - this place is worth the $9 investment.
A great steal for Lunch buffet $8.99 / person, gets you fresh garlic & butter Nan bread. Every item in the menu was great, with a great selection from about 20-25 items on the table.

Ample parking space & about 5-6 miles from strip. My fav lunch destination in Vegas.... :)
Had the buffet and it was among the best indian buffets I've ever had (and I try to test them all out)  

The service was a bit strained, because there was only one person doing everything.  Being a buffet, that didn't really matter too much, but a little more attentiveness would have been nice.

I saw a review about it being too cold, but when we went, it was super hot and humid in the restaurant... so much that we wanted to hurry and get out.  If it is like that every time, it will definitely put me off of going in the future

Edit:  I've been back for the buffet probably 7-10 times since this initial review and things have been great ever since.  I'm upgrading to 5 stars.  I loooove this place!
Veggie options are very good here! I love the basmati rice. It is cooked to perfection!

I have been here many times and they have different options in veggie dishes. My last visit they had an excellent cabbage dish which was sauteed in yummy herbs and spices.
"[Curry] makes the world go around
The world go around
The world go around
[Curry] makes the world go around
It makes the world go 'round."
- "Money" from Cabaret [with some slight changes]

There's a reason Indian restaurant lunch buffets are so popular -- all the curry you can eat and lots of varieties.  Mt Everest knows it and does a great job with its buffet.  Options of vegetarian curry, lamb curry, chicken curry anchor the buffet offerings and they are all tasty, although a little lacking in spice (those looking to set the "roof [of their mouth] on fire" will be a little disappointed).  

What makes Mt Everest's buffet exceptional are the additional offerings -- delicious samosas, sweet sticky rice, soft basmati rice and free, warm, garlic naan on the table.  All of which makes this the best Indian buffet in town.
Outstanding! My favorite Indian restaurant in Las Vegas. Very busy during the lunchtime buffet, evening dinners are more relaxed and comfortable.
What's up with me? 2 Indian buffets in 4 days. That must be a first for me. I don't think I've been to one for six months prior to this. My craving for the Indian buffet had not been satiated by my visit to Mint and so I was determined to have a good experience today. 

After extensive research on Yelp I decided to try Mt. Everest. A co-worker of mine agreed to join me (ditching his diet) thanks to the fact that Shari S had described the Naans here as being "billowy." We made the long 10 mile trudge to Mt Everest from the office. 

This buffet is seriously amazing. For a little tiny place charging 8.99 per person, it seriously hit every craving and made us happy campers. There is an extensive vegetarian selection in the buffet: soft Basmati rice with peas, Palak Paneer, Punjabi Kadi, Malai Kofta, Dhal, Cauliflower and Potato Stirfry, Sambar, Idly, Samosas, Pakoras and a myriad of chutneys, yogurt, salad and dips. I have only good things to say about every single dish on the buffet. Tasted good and the ingredients were all fresh. Indian buffets frequently omit primo dishes like Paneer (indian cottage cheese cubes), Kofta (indian dumplings in gravy), Samosas and fresh (not frozen) veggies in their food. Mt. Everest did no such thing...they spared no expense and made this buffet experience fantastic. 

My co-worker who eats meat couldn't stop raving about the creamy Chicken Makhani, Lamb Curry and the Samosas (he went pretty crazy with all the chutneys). 

And yes, the garlic naans that came with the buffet (we asked for garlic) were billowy. And extremely tasty. 

My only gripe with Mt. Everest is the dessert selection. They had sweet rice...which really is a cop-out dessert. But I settled for their fresh fruit selection (oranges and watermelon). I would give these guys a 4.5 stars (taking off a half star for the dessert) but since I can't on Yelp, they get a four. Next time, if they serve Gulab Jamun I will be more than happy to up it to a no-questions asked 5 star review.

It's truly heartwarming to see an Indian buffet keep it's quality consistent even after being open a while. Mt. Everest really did warm my heart and brought back some of my lost hope in the Indian buffet genre in Las Vegas. 

Thanks to all the Yelpers that did a wonderful job describing this place. You guys were spot on!
The buffet is pretty good compared to all the other indian buffet in town. but you really have to try some of the stuff off the menu! the vindaloo and jalab gamun were excellant. 
I also tried the chai here, but it left something more to be disired. all in all, its always a positive experience here. ANd like everyone says, you have to try the garlic naan bread.
I'm not down for Indian, but I gave it a try.  I unfortunately eat with my nose, too, and I cannot stand the smell of curry, but I tried.

The plus for those who don't like Indian cuisine but are forced to eat at an Indian restaurant is the Naan.  Eat lots of it.  It's awesome.

I gave a 3 based on the bread and the lamb.  Lamb was good and not too overwhelming.  Ignore my review, though.  It's not fair because I'm biased.
Lunch buffet was mediocre.  Flavors were good but meat quality was below average.  Service was average.  Nothing special here.
As a kid I used to hang out with a lot of guys from Sri lanka and Malaysia and this place reminded me of the food they made.  I didn't look at the menu much on this visit because that buffet called to me, teasing my nose like a cartoon depiction of the smell of food tickling Scooby's nose.  The curry selection here is fantastic and so are all the other dishes on the buffet.  This is definitely my favorite Indian cuisine restaurant now and I will come here anytime my better half lets me lol.
I'm not an expert on Indian food , it's probably not even on my list of top 10 cuisines, Maybe every 4 or 5 years I'll have a craving for Indian food. I'm more of a Japanese or Thai  curry person. After today's meal at mt everest I will b eating more Indian curries . The lunch buffet was really good . Everything was hot and fresh,the naan bread both garlic and plain was super . Everything I ate I enjoyed  daal,tandoori chix, some spinach and cheese dish a lot of other foods don't remember the names. Service was attentive and the restaurant look alot better inside then out,I think it was a burger king in it's former life . Like I said not an expert on Indian food, but this was goooood!!
There are already plenty of reviews, so I'll focus on the korma sauce. It's a creamy concoction of special magnificence! Whenever this buffet has anything with korma, I have to eat it. The sauce is rich, slightly spicy, and quite magical. 

Everything else is also tasty and the Bollywood videos are hypnotizing. My only complaint is that on several occasions the service has been rather grumpy.
A bit sketchy on the outside, and thankfully I did not judge the book by its cover.  Buffet had many good options and was a steal at only $8.  Naan was among the best I had in Vegas this trip.  The korma sauces were rich and flavorful, just as other yelpers mentioned.  I think the one I had was cheese cubes with peas, and it was quite delectable.
This is by far the best Indian lunch buffet I ever had in Vegas.  The service was amazing and restaurant itself it clean and quiet.  Most Indian restaurants' lunch buffet are dishes from days ago.   At Mt Everest I could really taste the flavor of different spices they use and the meat dishes were tender but not too soft.  The curry dishes were just perfect, enough sweetness but also taste the kick of other spices they use.  
I truly believe this place roast their own spices and grind it up themselves also.
Loved the place. Glad we found it on Yelp because the outside isn't very inviting. I'd definitely pass the place if I saw it since it looks very plain and the buiding is aging.  
 
First, the price is great at under $8 for the lunch buffet. The manager and staff were very nice and attentive. We were seated right away, so no wait around 12pm.

I tried everything, the chicken curry, chicken korma, veggie korma, palik paneer, dahl, soup, rice pudding, etc. with a hot Indian chai.The veggie korma was very creamy and seemed even better than the chicken, though the chicken was really good. This isn't diet food and we had a very light dinner since we were full all day. I saw some people get the buffet to go, which seemed like a good idea. At $8, you meet or beat the price of most other lunch spots.

Other stuff: chai was as it should be. Nothing super special, but I'd order again. The garlic naan was different, but we prefer regular naan. The garlic changes the flavor of the food too much. Regardless, it's nice having warm, fresh naan brought to your table instead of having it sit on the buffet . 

Due to our complete, total satisfaction, the price and friendliness of staff, I'm giving a rare 5 stars.
3 stars is really giving the benefit of the doubt here.  I would say service was a solid 4 stars (although there was a bit of the soft upsell here on beer and extra side items like multiple orders of naan), but food was 2 stars, 2.5 stars tops.

I really like the strong and bold flavors of Indian cuisine, and also the quality of the sauces, which tend to be very smooth, with supporting notes of texture like cashew or other items to provide some 'tooth' to a dish.  I found the sauces here to be very heavy, a bit 'gloppy' and just lacking in quality - the sauces just weren't inviting to me.  Actual taste of the sauces was ok - serviceable, but nothing great.  

Also, lamb was pretty tough, and chicken had small bones (the kinds that should not be in a dish, small enough to catch in one's throat and cartiledge - just unappetizing.  Paneer dish we had was one of the better items, but sauce still had that heavy and unpleasant texture.

I have not yet found an Indian restaurant in Vegas that measures up to Origin India in its heyday.
Went here for the Lunch buffet a couple of days ago.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't my favourite.  I will, however, come back again for sure in the near future as I know the nature of Indian buffet is to constantly rotate the types of food.  For those just trying out Indian for the first time, there will be at least some thing there you will like.  The place was clean, white table cloths and stemmed water goblets on all the tables, and they are very attentive to the used plates and the empty water.  Worth the price for sure.
Wow, I'm going to be the black sheep here and give this restaurant only two stars.  When my husband and I entered for lunch a few days ago, the manager or owner was talking on the phone.  We stood by politely waiting, until he pointed us to sit *with his CHIN* - the phone still strapped to his ear, never once addressing or welcoming us to sit by words!   I was surprised, but didn't say anything.  

The restaurant itself was really dark inside, there were no lights turned on at all, just a little natural light coming from the small heavily curtained windows.  Nice surroundings and kind interactions make food taste better in my line of thinking, so this restaurant just failed in these respects.   

The buffet itself was fine, nothing was amazing nor was anything bad.  After we sat with our food, the same manager brought a basket of naan and actually TOSSED it down onto our table as he walked by without even making eye contact with us, still jabbering away on his phone.   My husband and I just looked at each other and laughed, it was that bizarre!

Needless to say, I will not be going back.  There are other Indian buffets in town that serve great food, have an inviting ambiance and treat me like a valued customer.
I visited this restaurant in June, and I had their lunch buffet.  The food was excellent, and their prices reasonable for good Indian Cuisine.  I would definitely go back there when I return to the Vegas area.
O Happy days.

When on site at my client in Las Vegas I cannot wait for my lunch break so I can jet down to Mt. Everest India Cuisine for my much needed Indian food fix. I became aware of this place after searching Yelp for an Indian restaurant and have never looked back.

The restaurant is just a couple of minutes away from my work site so the lunch buffet works out really well. I can immediately sit down, order my plain naan bread and start dishing up.

The food is always flavorful and there are always very many options to choose from. They take care of the vegetarian and the meat lovers between us. I take particular joy in the Chana Masala at this venue - a delight which is shared by one of the waiters who told me this a while ago :)

I love the fact that I can go back to scoop some more of any Indian curry with which I can enjoy the remainder of my naan bread. I have ordered a Chicken Tikka Masala take out with Mt. Everest before and that sparked off my 'must have' mindset with which I now approach every trip to Las Vegas.

I confess that I will easily come here more than once per single work week because that is how good the food is. And as for the price - you will hardly ever convince me of better value for money elsewhere.
We went here for dinner about a month ago. 

We had the samosa chat for an app (cubed samosa with yogurt and mint sauce). It was good but I'd probably try something different next time. Seems like it's made out of leftover samosas.

We also got raita which was good but a little tarter than I like. The garlic naan was yummy. 

For main courses we had prawn biriyani and mateer paneer. The prawn biriyani was tasty though the rice was on the al dente side. The matter paneer had a nice sauce. 

The dinner was good overall, but there are better Indian restaurants in town.
Not an expert on Indian cuisine but I love this place. Very tasty food.  The waiter (owner?) has always been very kind and has dishes prepared as I like them...

 I never see any crowds here and never have seen more than a few tables with people at them, I don't know why and its a shame.    But thumbs-up from me.

I really hope it stays in business.  I've visited other local Indian places, this one is by far my favorite so far.  Really good quality Indian dishes, especially spicy ones, can be hard to find and they go downhill really fast if not prepared with care.
I had never tried Indian food before and there's no better way to try it for the first time than to come here for their lunch buffet. Prices are very reasonable: $8.99 and the selection is pretty extensive. There were at least 4-5 different vegetarian currey options and 3 different meat options.  

All the food was very fresh with tons of flavor. You're instantly smacked in the face with all the different aromas of the Indian spices as soon as you enter the restauarant. The service was also great. My water glass never got more than half empty before someone was by to refill it. I was very impressed. 

I think my favorite part of the whole experience was the Naan basket. They give you a basket of what looks like toasted pita bread, but it's so much better! It comes plain and with garlic and WOW the garlic naan was SOO good. I could probably just sit there and eat that all day. 

Overall, this was a good first experience. A little overwhelming since I didn't know what half of the food was, but it all tasted delicious.
Today was my second visit to this restaurant. and like my last visit , I was thoroughly impressed.  The cost of the all you can eat buffet is $8.99 and it's worth every penny.  I'd be willing to be a couple of dollars more, it would still be an excellent deal.
The decor is nice, nothing special, but it's white table cloth and clean.  The service and attention that your given is excellent.
The food is absolutely fabulouso.  The lamb will melt in your mouth, the curried dishes are absolutely delicious and there is a great deal of variety so if your a vegetarian you'll be very happy.  The food is hot and very fresh and Naan bread was quite tasty.

I'll be going back to this restaurant again and again.
I came here with my husband about an hour before closing time. I don't usually like going to restaurants last minute but I have been craving Indian food for awhile. I really wanted to try a lamb dish even though I've never been a big fan of it in the past . I've always thought the taste of lamb had a weird after taste. I tried the Lamb Vindoolo ($12.99) which is cooked with potatoes and Chilly sauce. The lamb was tender and surprisingly no weird after taste. It was really good ! I also had a Mango Lassi that was super delicious. I'm glad it came in a clean glass because at Bollywood they gave me a glass with a whole bunch of fingerprints all over it. That was a turn off! 

My husband had a salad with garlic naan .The salad tasted great with the naan but too sour without it. The naan came out hot and had a nice garlicky taste to it. 

We didn't feel rushed even though we came in an hour before closing time. The service is attentive, quick, and friendly.
Buffet doesn't look like it will be tasty- but all of it is very good. Plus the Garlic Nan bread is the bomb
I found great review from fellow yelpers about this restaurant but never gotten a chance to try it out until last week. Wow, I'm glad I did. I have lived in Vegas for half a decade already and this is by far the best indian buffet restaurant in Vegas. The price is reasonable (8.99), but the food is what made them apart from other indian places. The tandoori chicken was flavorful and moist ( other places tends to have dried out chicken) and the curries were awesome. They removed the bone from the chicken and lamb curries so it was so much easier to eat and not bite into one of those small bones. So many other varieties, so little time and stomache space. =)
I wish they were closer to where I live! The service was alright, we couldn't understand what one of the waiters was saying but he main guy was super nice. We waited for about 30 min for the food to arrive. I had the Lamb Korma and my husband had Lamb Vindoolo and we shared some traditional and Garlin Naan bread with a cup of Chai. The spice was perfect, my husband had the hot and I has medium. Hot enough for him and just a little kick for me..perfect =D I'd come back again in a heart beat.
according to my indian roommate...this place is ok. however, when she is comparing the food to her mom's home cooking, that means the place is pretty legit. we stopped by to check out the lunch buffet. you can't really beat it for $8.99. lots of food....plenty of curries (veggie, chicken, lamb), samosas, buttered chicken, etc. the naan was really good, they brought it out piping hot from the kitchen. i'm not the best person to ask about indian food...but i thought it was good. so i would def come back. =)
Went to Mt Everest again last week and noticed that some items were changed, so I'm not sure if they have different items each day or not. No goat curry, bummer!!! Anyway, the food were not as good as the last time I tried it. I mean, it's not bad, it's just not as good to be rated 5 stars. Anyway, last week experience deserved only 3 star, so I kinda averaged it out to be 4 star.
Great local place off the strip for indian food buffett!  Have been twice and love it!
I used to come to this building all the time...when it was a Burger King.  This was my first visit since Mt. Everest took over.  I went for the lunch buffet.  The selections were somewhat limited, but the food was pretty good.  They bring naan to the table.  Those who have eaten at other Indian buffets know that this is a nice touch, because it seems that you always have to wait and fight for the naan if it is on the buffet line.  The workers were friendly and efficient with water refills and plate removal.  Strangely though, they did not come to refill the soft drinks.  

Like I said, this used to be a Burger King.  With that being considered, the decor was nice.  The white tablecloths are a nice touch.  The parking situation can be a bit dicey as it is located in front of a busy market.
I love Indian food but we usually go to India Palace so when I got a $25 off coupon, we decided to try them out! I am so glad we did!  Their prices seem to be slightly lower than India Palace and their portions were definitely much larger.

We had the vegetable samosa to start- it was a tad salty but with the two chutneys, they really balanced out.

We also had:
Chili Naan- was good, not spicy at all

Chicken Tikka- same as tandoori chicken but boneless. It was good, some pieces were a little dry but overall pretty good.  I don't understand the french fries on top though...that kinda threw me off..hmmm.

Lamb Vindaloo- delish.  Lamb were actual pieces of lamb, not the ground lamb like some places use.  Very flavorful, not too gamey.

Aloo matter- potatoes and peas in a sauce, again, large portion and large chunks of potatoes

Overall- everything was excellent, medium spice still gave all the entrees a little kick.  I just asked for hot sauce on the side to add to my food since I really like it spicy.

Will definitely be back, next time with my daughter as I know she will really enjoy it!  No butter chicken on the menu but think I'll try the chicken korma next!
Stopped by this unassuming little Indian joint before going to a show a while ago and I found it to be a great find. The restaurant is actually an old Burger King, but the decor inside hides its tragic past. 

The food was well made and came out quickly. The service was great; the waiter was attentive but never hovered. He even made sure my table knew we ordered both vegetarian and meaty dishes so as to avoid confusion. 

I would recommend this place and happily go back again.
We received pappadum plus delicious tamarind and mint sauces to begin our meal and after an exceptionally long wait we received our aloo tiki, deep fried mashed potatoes, which were overdone and virtually inedible.  

A few minutes later the remainder of our meal, chicken makahani, lamb saag, plain basmati rice and kabuli naan (stuffed with raisins and nuts) appeared.  The naan was flat as a pancake and the filling was very bland.  Both entrees were large and delicious though the lamb was on the tough side. We concluded the meal with a shared portion of carrot halwa which was a bit too sweet.  

Service, other then by the busboy, was abysmal from start to finish.  The sole waiter, I am guessing the owner, sat in a booth across the room from us playing with a cell phone and never once looked in our direction to determine if we or any of the other diners needed anything.  I had to call the busboy over to get our check and then it took the waiter an inordinate amount of time to process the payment.
I have been going here with my Bangladeshi friend for over a year.  I found it while going shopping at the Mexican market next door (didn't buy anything, kinda crappy selection, but I was looking for a horchata).  Anyway, it is not a large selection for a buffet.  But the items that they have are very good.  There is half for vegetarians and half for meat eaters.  I usually get a lot of the tandori chicken and lamb with curry. Their dessert rice pudding of some sort is pretty dang good too.  I think it is a staple of most Indian restaurants but they do it well here.  I usually grab 2 co-workers and use buy 2 get 1 free coupon and pig out once per month during lunch hours.  Dinner is the same but they dont have the buffet.

The place is clean and the nan bread comes out hot. I told my friends this was a hole in the wall, and it is on the outside, but inside is tastefully done.  On the wall is the obligatory Indian dramas who dance away the whole time you are eating.
Read the reviews and wanted to give this place a try. Bonus this restaurant is on restaurant.com. Located in a seedy area of town but very welcoming inside. First thing we ordered was the lamb Samosa and was disappointed. Way salty. But the garlic naan and chicken tandoori was yummy.  Learned something new though... One of my favs 'butter chicken' is called chicken makhani.
Up until now I never really liked Indian food, especially a buffet.  Everything just seemed soggy, overcooked and old.  THIS restaurant however,  is completely the opposite of my preconceived notion. 

We went for the lunch buffet.  It was amazing.  Everything was fresh and hot.  A very good selection of both vegetarian and meat dishes.  Most everything I tried was absolutely delicious.  I went back for seconds and even thirds.  The next day, I came back for more!  

The restaurant was clean, the decor tasteful and comfortable.  The price was very good too. 

Careful though, all that curry can get to you.  ;)
This was our first visit to Mt. Everest, and we went for dinner.  The ambience was perfectly okay, not fancy, just a typically-decorated Indian restaurant with decent lighting, meaning it wasn't too bright!

Initially, I was put off by the young guy who came to take our drink orders.  He was Asian, but not Indian, and I could barely understand a word he was saying.  I thought he might be Nepalese, and it turned out I was right.  I don't think he's been in the desert long enough to be dealing with customers, since his English was unintelligible.  But by the time he took our food orders, I'd caught onto his rhythm enough to understand and be understood, and by golly, he got the order right!

I was happy to see three different Thalis on the menu.  I like being able to taste a little of everything.  We ordered the Special Mt. Everest Thali and also a Vegetable Biryani.

Almost everything on the Thali was terrific.  The appetizer plate came with one very large veggie Samosa, a bunch of very small pakoras, some pieces of ground mean whose name I can't remember, and boneless Tandoori chicken.  We were full before the Main Event.

Then came the Thali platter.  On a Thali, the dessert is right there on the platter, along with the food.  It was supposed to be Gulab Jamun, which is not a favorite.  But instead, there was kheer - the rice pudding - and it was the most watery kheer I'd ever tried.  We asked if we could have kulfi instead, and were cheerily obliged.

The only other problem with the meal was the Raita.  Every Indian restaurant makes it differently, but this one was special:  especially AWFUL!  It was watery, tasted a bit sweet, and just downright peculiar.  Nevertheless, we packed it up along with our other leftovers.  When we opened the container the next night it was FIZZY.  It got the boot immediately.

The biryani was a huge portion of rice.  It was well-cooked and tasty, but not much in the way of veggies, which made it a big disappointment.

Overall, we enjoyed the meal and definitely will return.  But I don't know what we'll do for raita.
Love this place. I make excuses to be on that side of town mid day so I can do the lunch buffet. Delicious. Wish I didn't get full so quickly. Went the first time with a visiting friend. We had the big sampler deal- took home two styro containers. It was even delicious cold the next day. Indian cuisine is not for everyone- but if you like it- you'll love Mt. Everest.
This place may have tasty Indian food but somehow I felt bloated all day after eating here. Maybe because of baking soda in the bread. I remember hostel messes in India doing that to keep people from eating too much??? I agree with some of the reviewers here that the Owner/waiter needs to have an attitude makeover. He scowls if people ask for another round of nans.Thankfully his cellphone did not go off while we were there...And rice pudding as a desert! I can't remember when a Indian resturant got away with pulling that stunt off. India has so many wonderful deserts and surely rice pudding is somewhere down at the bottom of that list....If you have to eat Indian in LV, maybe this would be my recommendation just because others are worse (Mint-ok, Origin-terrible)
I guess it's not fair for me to review this place while I didn't get there until the last minute of lunch buffet... I was actually surprised they let us in. Food was old and dried by then, but they sure tasted great. Next time, I'll come earlier.
We spotted when we were just driving by on the way to church. We decided that we'd give it a try on our way back. The exterior doesn't shout yummy Indian food; but the interior was nice and clean. I always check the restroom to see how well it is maintained before dining somewhere. It also was quite clean. There are booths against the walls & windows with round  tables in the center. There were several families and a few couples dining. 

What I really noticed was that everyone seemed to be having a good time and the conversations from the other tables could not be heard from where we were sitting. I thought that was a plus because you could have a private conversation or laugh at jokes without disturbing anyone else. They did an excellent job at seating their customers throughout the restaurant.

All in all, we were impressed with the quality, portions and price of the food. For starters, you get a basket of papadum with two little dipping sauces. We ordered Lamb Vindaloo (classic spicy lamb w/potatoes), Chicken Jel Frenzi (chicken with bell pepper, onions, mushrooms in sauce), Aloo Kauli (potatoes & cauliflower), and two orders of naan (garlic & keema/lamb). The dishes had wonderful sauces with excellent consistency for sopping up with naan. Everything was fresh, hot and yummy. 

The service was good. The waiter never let our water glasses get empty. And the food came out as ordered in a timely manner. I will definitely put Mt. Everest at the top of my list for non-franchised Indian dining.
Great atmosphere and even better food. I am not experienced in Indian cuisine (this was my 1st experience). I had the lunch buffet so I could try a little of everything. The lamb and chicken were moist and tender, and everything was very flavorful. The lunch buffet is a steal at $9.99. I was overly impressed by everything at this restaurant.
Wow. I like indian food, but I am very picky with it and only have made a few dishes at home which I like. My sister and I walked over here while I was getting my windows tinted a few weeks ago and man was I impressed. Very much so!!

I have never been a fan of lamb, but their lamb curry was to die for. Everything I put on my plate was absolutely phenomenal, and the sweet rice...oh the sweet rice!! I would live on that stuff forever. The service was fantastic, and they were very concerned that we enjoyed everything. The naan was fresh and delicious...I ate two plates full until I was ready to burst. I have decided I love Indian food, and am so happy because I was always thinking I wasn't so big on it.

I cannot recommend this place enough, absolutely DELICIOUS!!
I went here for lunch buffet and think that its an an ok for an indian lunch, its not over the top but its not bad either. Very limited items, tandoori chicken a little too dry, the lamb meat was good, chicken was good and thanks for the naan that cooked fresh.
I'm not a huge fan of Indian food, but this place was pretty good. Lunch buffet was only $10! Great price for Indian food and they had an array of different dishes. I really liked the sweet rice. I've never had that before at an Indian restaurant. Great place if you like Indian food.
The BF and I came in and we were sat down immediately with some ice water and papadams with chutney as we browsed the menu.

We decided to get the

Mt Everest Special ($21.99) Which comes with: mixed appetizer, salad, papadam, chicken tikka, dal makhani, palak paneer, lamb curry, chicken tikka, rice, naan, raita. For dessert gulab jamun and chai tea.  We did not really get what was on the menu as we didn't get salad or our dessert but Kheer rice pudding instead. I didn't realize this until looking at the online menu for this review. Either way- it's alot of food but would have been nice to get what we ordered. 

The mix appetizer was some grilled sausage, chicken tikka pieces, a samosa and little papadam bites. It was a very big plate and was super filling. The main dishes were decent with the paneer being my favorite. My one thing was that the paneer and the dal needed a bit of salt, but still good. Raita was more tangy and watery than most I've had, but was good to dip my naan in. The kheer was very nice and not too sweet.

Chicken Korma ($12.99)- entrees come with rice. It was decent, but was more yellow curry flavor than other kormas I've had. 

We also got some garlic naan ($2.99) thinking that there might not be enough naan with the mixed plate but if we didn't order this the plain naan would be more than enough. 

The amount of food for two people with that is crazy. We had leftovers which I had for two separate and still very sizable lunches. We would have been very full and satisfied with just the mixed plate, but we had a restaurant.com certificate to use. 

Service was okay. They started off good with drink refills when they came to drop off food. After a while they were doing tasks and seemed to be really into it towards of our meal so we sat there for a while needing things. 

Overall, the food here isn't my favorite Indian but decent. It definitely is the most value large portions than any others I've been to.
I was surprised. Driven by this place countless number of times but never ventured in seeing as it used to be a Burger King back in the day. The food was tasty. Tried them out via a Groupon Now. The cashier didn't know anything about the Groupon which was a little bit of a turn off cause I felt guilty trying to use it but they honored it anway for takeout service. Had the Chicken Briyani and the Chicken Jalfrezi. I think the Briyani could have used for chicken but it wasn't bad. The jalfrezi was not bad either.
I love spicy and I miss the one restaurant in Los Angeles (closed recently) that used to make the best Chicken Vindaloo...
   While in Vegas I discovered this place and I'm so looking forward to my next visit. AWESOME FOOD! super delicious! Wish they moved to Los Angeles :oP
I took my family here to eat for an dinner at 5:30pm, since we purchased a Restaurant.com certificate. It may have the old structure of the Burger King, but it's a nice and relaxing atmosphere where they don't rush you.  I was impressed with their tandoori oven chicken. It was very good portion. I've ate at some other places like San Francisco where they don't give you too much meat on the chicken, but this place in Vegas is really good. To tell if an Indian restaurant is any good is if they can't make the most common, typical Naan and chicken tikki masala taste good that Indian restaurants are famous for, then I advise you run away and head for the hills! But seriously, their onion naan was good and tasty. Everything we ordered was good and we will definitely go back. :-)
I was looking for Indian take-out so I went to Yelp.  
This place is out of my way, but I thought I would check it out.  I am glad that I did.
I called ahead and ordered take-out. 30 minutes later when I arrived it was not ready.  It took almost 10 more minutes.  OK.  Now I know, so that is fine.  I ordered the lamb korma and garlic naan.  Woah.  Portions are for sharing.  I saved some for the next day and it was even better.  The large chunks of lamb (which I had to cut in half) were tender and tasty.  The sauce made me realize how much I missed Indian food.  The jasmine rice was perfectly done.  The garlic naan - delicious!  I saw there is a lunch buffet and plenty of seating. Maybe another day I will do the lunch buffet......   thanks to everyone who yelped on this spot.  I found a new Indian take-out spot.
After Misti Y. suggested Mt. Everest to me. I had to stop by to try out their $9.99 lunch buffet. I had such a pleasant experience here. I dined solo and arrived around 1:00pm (buffet ends at 3pm). The food was still hot & delicious. The rice was still soft. And it wasn't too loud or too busy. The server and the manager were so incredibly polite. They periodically checked on me to make sure everything was to my liking and my water cup was always filled to the brim!

The food was awesome! A variety of lamb and chicken curry. A few vegetarian options. The samosas were on the salty side but still incredibly delicious. They had plain rice and a bright orange sweet rice which was awesome but I preferred to eat the plain rice with all the sauces and meats. The naan was fluffy and as delicious can be. ! I managed to scarf down a whole basked by myself!  Next time I'll be asking to try the garlic naan too. I saw a table next to me order it and it looked awesome!

The food speaks for itself but the service is what will keep me coming back.

Two thumbs up.
I ws in Vegas for the weekend, and was craving Indian food, so we decided to go here based on Yelp suggestions.
We went for lunch and had the buffet- the food was nice. Decent. Nothing extraordinary but not bad at all... overall decent place. The service is good.
Another lunch favorite!  I've been several times for lunch, and always eat at the buffet.  The food is delicious; there's various traditional options, including basmati rice, samosas, chicken dishes (e.g., chicken tikka), dal makhani, and other vegetarian dishes.  There's also fruit.  The buffet actually has a good variety of food.  

My absolute favorite is the sweet rice, which is orange colored and has peanuts (or cashews?) in it.  I have a sweet tooth and love rice, so this is the best of both worlds for me.  I'm not a huge meat eater, but am not vegetarian either so I end up loading up on the sweet rice.    

My runner-up favorite (or actually maybe tied) is the naan.  Whoa nelly, the naan is ALWAYS warm and soft.  We always get a basket that has plain naan and naan with garlic.  The garlic naan is super good.  Although I'm sure it's a huge faux pas, I love getting the orange marmalade from the buffet (for the fruit) and putting just a little on the naan.  That's my dirty little secret at Mt. Everest.

Overall, it's a great place to have lunch.  It's generally busy or at least half way full.  I think it also feels a little nicer because the tables in the center of the restaurant have linen table cloths.  Oh! And another plus -- they usually have a Bollywood movie playing on a flat screen tv above the buffet.  The sound is not on or is low, but it's fun to watch nevertheless!
Tried their lunch buffet and it was good for most part.
They had a big selection of veg and meat dishes and also a south indian sambar and idli option. The place was very busy and it took about 15 min. after we had served ourselves to get a naan.
The good items on the menu were:
Kheer(rice pudding)-amazing!
samosa-nicely seasoned and not greasy at all
butter chicken-very good
roghan josh( lamb)-very good

The not so good:
dal makhani-dal was not cooked completely and was tooooo salty
kadhi-it was made very well but toooooo salty again
pakora-dry and hard
white rice-dried out

Since they were busy, it was very difficult for us to get the attention of the server(who was the only one doubling as the cashier as well). We gave up and didn't get a second naan. It also took forever to get the bill so we finally walked up and paid at the register.
It may be a good idea to get more help on the weekends.
We had lunch today at Mt Everest India's Cuisine with an out of town guest.
We have been there before, but we feel this is the very best Indian Restaurant in the
Las Vegas Area and beyond.  All the food on the buffet was outstanding.
We especially love the spinach and lamb and chicken curry.  We had some
special Indian hot tea for our digestion after the meal.  The two kinds of Naan
was awesome.  The owner is extremely pleasant and made us feel welcome.
Our guest was impressed with the variety of food on the buffet and remarked
that everything she tried was delicious. 
The service was outstanding and the value of the meal was incredible,  I can't
say enough good things about this restaurant and recommend it very highly.
Was a very good experience. The owner literally ran to the kitchen when I ran out of water and was very attentive to us. I had Lamb Curry and it was very good, although I ordered it a little too spicy(7). Will definitely go again.
This has become our regular Indian place to eat, great food, great prices and friendly service.

The food can tend to come out a little spicy, so if you normally order say a 7 at other restaurants, it's safer to go with a 5.

We eat here every couple of weeks and always bring friends and family.
Mt. Everest is a great find and we were really impressed with the caring service from Prakass and food.  We had Chicken Tikka Masala (fabulous) we were eating the sauce by itself when the chicken was gone, Rogan Josh (lamb) was tender and NO FAT.  The Naan bread was fluffy and crispy.  I'm not a beer drinker but our server Prakass suggested that we try the Indian beer, Taj Mahal.  Loved it. The food portions are generous as well.   Will definitely return
Lamb sagg is a must get. GREAT FOOD!!!
Local celebrity Yuhi K. recommended Mt. Everest to me and oh boy was she right? Oh yes. I'm a Brit, we know , or think we know, everything about Indian food. We grow up eating the stuff, there are more Indian restaurants in England than Mickey D's. Really! Would I embellish? Maybe but I don't think so in this instance.

Anyway, Friday night and the kids ditched us. Outrageous I know, but gives Wifee and I a rare chance to eat what we want. "Yuhi K. recommends a place down on Sahara" I explain. "Who is Yuhi K.?" asks my leader. " She knows about food" I explain unconvincingly.

It is a long drive down W.Sahara from my hood and Wifee is viewing my choice with suspicion. " It will be great" I proclaim "be patient". 

Mt.Everest sits in front of a slightly rundown strip mall but parking is easy and my expedition was a success.

We were greeted promptly and offered a table or booth. Booth. The greeter/server guy seemed to be the owner. He was great. Recommended a great beer, Taj Mahal, 1.5 pints of frothy cold delight, Wifee grabbed a nice cold Chardonnay.

We started with a mixed dish of samosa, kebab, chicken tikka and some other stuff. Fantastic and more than enough to share.

Mains: I had a Mushroom lamb dish, I am asked how spicy I would like. being a big shot expert Indian food eater , I asked for 7/10. Too hot! I'm such a wimp after many years away from Blighty, Really quite pathetic. I tell my server/owner/guy. No problem! He took it away and brought it back re done at a more acceptable spiceness. ( I'm pretty sure that's not a word, sorry). Delicious! Served with rice and a garlic naan. 

Wifee has Chicken Saag, she ordered 6/10 on the heat scale. Perfect!

Water was always topped up, drinks were offered frequently. Really great and we are going back. Often. 

Thanks Yuhi K.!!!!!
By far, my favorite indian restaurant in Vegas!
I originally found out about them through groupon.
I stopped by while in the area for take out.

My go-to dish is often Chicken Makhani (heat: 6-7)
but the second time I decided to opt for a dish that wasn't so heavy and the waiter recommended the Lamb Curry. 
The lamb was cooked to perfection!
Lamb that is not cooked correctly is tough and gamey!
The portions are generous and the price is more than reasonable. 

I will continue to go out of my way for Mt. Everest!
Yet again a great meal here, we eat here a couple of times a month and the food remains fabulous. It's nice to see the place getting busier as well.
Have eaten the lunch buffet here at least 15-18 times over the course of 3 years, and I must say that Mt. Everest is finally in it's prime. I immediately sensed a new chef 2 visits ago, and my guess was confirmed by the owner. The owner was visibly excited about the new chef's contributions, smiling and describing all of the new dishes. Tastewise and lookswise, the buffet has never been better. It costs $1 more than before, but it is worth it. 

The Sambar soup is perfectly seasoned, the new dishes (Chicken Chili, Vegetable Korma) are colorful and tasty, and the overall spice level is kicked up one notch closer to a straight-up medium. The Chicken Mahkani is masterful and complex - as good as some of the best Chicken Tikka Masala-type curry I've tasted. The Dal Mahkani is a 3 or 4-bean variety and is much improved over the previous chef's version. Great Samosas and Aloo Vegetable varieties. Very importantly, the buffet console is boiling hot so all of the food is steaming hot and remains hot on your plate several minutes after you sit down at your table. This is a huge detail that can make or break an Indian buffet. Mt. Everest nails it - keep it up! 

Business seems better than ever, which is a good sign that I'm not the only one who feels like this food has gotten really good. Typical to an Indian lunch buffet, the fresh-baked naan and roti are complimentary, but the whole wheat roti is especially good here - one would expect it to come out traditionally thin and flat, but the Mt. Everest version can be mistaken for a puffy naan bread - a nice surprise. Whole wheat roti has taken the place of white basmati rice in my Indian lunch diet.

Buffet plates and bowls are clean and shiny. Water glasses are refilled constantly, every single visit. Finished plates are picked up quickly. Overall service is great. My only warning is you may smell like Indian food for the rest of the afternoon, so if you are on your way to an important meeting in a small office space, maybe bring a change of clothing if you are self-conscious about that kind of thing. I guess this is proof that when you eat the lunch buffet at Mt. Everest, you are immersed in a cauldron of Indian deliciousness.

Go now and get it while it's hot! I've waited this long to write a review because if I really care about a place I want to make sure it's right before friends go try it for the first time. (see my Cravin' Cajun review).
The very best Indian lunch buffet in town!!  I literally enjoy every hot dish they offer and I'm glad they're still doing brisk business.  Stand outs for me include the korma, saag paneer, chicken tandoori and the chana masala.  How do people operate after stuffing their faces here for lunch?  I only go on my days off since I'm in a coma for at least a couple of hours after.
Went there for a lunch buffet and was greeted by a very nice gentleman. For the buffet they had a few chicken dishes as well as lentils, samosas, saag paneer sweet rice and regular basmati rice. 

Chicken 65 was spicy and flavorful but nothing too crazy since it was covered in chili peppers. The chicken tandori was good but a little on the dry side. The chicken makahni was very flavorful and wasn't too creamy. Their masala chai was very good and nan bread was excellent. I was a little disappointed in the saag panner because there was a lack of paneer I had 2 scoops of it and only managed to get 2 small pieces, but good thing they didn't overload it with heavy cream though. 

For dessert they had watermelon, oranges and rice pudding. I had the rice pudding and it was on the thick side. 

Aside from the lack of panner and tandori chicken this place is good and I will be going back.
I'm a simple man. You serve Butter Chicken on your menu and it doesn't suck? Instant fan. Actually, their Murgh Makhani is as good as anywhere I've ever had it. I ate the whole thing. Not sure what else I need to say on the matter.
My wife and I went last night . This now is, by far, our favorite Indian Joint. Amazing
I was wary of Indian buffet style but this was a good choice. Good service, good variety. Tandoori chicken, the paneer, and masala were good enought that I'll be going back.
The food here is delicious, flavorful and colorful. This nice Indian buffet on the corner of Valley View and Sahara costs $11.00, and it's worth it. The restaurant has a nice elegant setting as well.
Super yummy foods and a great buffet selection for veg heads like me. The mango lassi was one of the best I've had in a while. Nice friendly service and good food makes me a fan!
The staff here is very nice.  I came to expect much less from Indian/Pakistani restaurants.  They understand the meaning of hospitality and the food is outstanding.  Try the Chicken or fish Tikka Marsala with garlic naan.
Snagged an online deal for this place after I heard about it from friends; it was really great! The portions were generous, the prices were reasonable and the staff was very kind. They don't have a full bar here though, so plan accordingly.
A few friends and I visited Mt. Everest India's Cuisine and we all agreed that we enjoyed this place a lot.  The service was very good - we felt neither rushed nor neglected. The owner is good at guiding hesitant diners to the type of dish he feels each would appreciate. We had a lot of fun sharing 5 different dishes- all were delicious.Definitely a place to return to.
Delicious lunch buffet for 12 bucks. Good variety and fresh food. I will return.
Excellent! I knew I was in the right place when I saw paneer pakoras on the menu! Mango lassies smooth as silk!
Its hard for me to rate any indian restaurant at 5 stars because no one will ever compare to some homecooked meals by my mom.  But that being said this food was rather tasty.  They used an appropriate blend of spices that weren't overpoweringly spicy!  For an indian person I don't do as well with spicy food as one might expect.  This was a great balance of flavor amidst the kick in my mouth.  (I did ask for mild)

I came here for dinner and not going to lie was a little turned off by the outside.  Very seedy looking place.  Then I stepped inside and saw that it was decorated in a comfortable manner.  Clean and efficient enough.  (at least for appearence's sake!).  They brought out some papadum and a couple sauces to go with it.
I ordered the shahi paneer which was good, (not the best I've ever had but again i'm partial to homecookin). 
One little complaint I had was that I needed to ask for water a couple times as I tend to drink a lot of it while eating.  This is usually a given at higher end places, but as there was only two people working and it was rather busy i'll give them benefit of the doubt.  Also when I asked the waiter if I should try the shahi paneer or the paneer tikka masala he said he didn't know because he didn't eat vegetarian food.  (in a slightly rude manner)

Overall worth the trip and they provide a solid indian food experience.
This restaurant is really wonderful. Went on a Friday evening, and was greeted by a friendly host right away. Appetizers and main course arrived quickly. The food was absolutely divine. The flavors were rich and full, spicy, but not too spicy. The kind of food that you want to keep eating even when you are full. The staff were all very friendly and attentive. My family will definitely be going to this restaurant again.
It was a fluke that my friend and I passed by Mt. Everest in search of a quick lunch after visiting the salon. We passed by Chinatown because she could not eat anything in that vicinity. 

Running short on time we were not able to get to our original destination. While on Sahara we passed by this place and good thing because my heart was set on Indian. Seeing that most of my friends has written so highly of this place, it was worth giving a try. For $10.99, the lunch buffet is one amazing deal. 

I wasted no time, got a plate and created a mountain that would give Everest a run for its money. Saag Paneer will always be my favorite. I spooned some onto my plate and was elated with the large cubes of cheese swimming in my spinach. The sweet rice can be eaten on its own as a dessert like the similarly florescent orange rice found in Vietnamese eateries or used to balance out the spice in your favorite curry. I ate it with my meal and it contributed a nice contrast to everything else on my plate. The Aloo Gobi was seasoned well, but did not have much cauliflower. The Goat Curry was tender and did not possess the gaminess that people normally complain about. The stew did contain many small bone. I spent some time picking through to be safe. The tandoori was dry on the outside and moist on the inside. I have never seen that before, so it was not a total bust. If there was an aspect to complain about, it was that I was not at the table to order garlic naan. Plain naan just doesn't do anything for me anymore. The Gulab Juman are delicious, but more than two of these fried milk balls and I am sure to become diabetic.
The buffet is good, but placing a regular order is the way to go. The Korma and Tikka curries are both great.
Lousy part of town, but the food is very tasty. Prices are good, especially when compared to Orange County, CA.
My favorite Indian place in vegas for sure.  Everything is spiced right, portions are good and filling.  Its one of those places you can be adventurous in ordering and you wont go wrong.  3 stars because I cannot validate the care, and freshness of everything as they have a lunch buffet, and buffet's for the most part are suspect.  You could do a lot worse, plus my friend tried it who is not an Indian food fan, and he did not get sick, and ate almost all of it...small victories
Four stars for meeting my expectations based on other yelpers.......

We were not extremely hungry. I ordered the chicken Tandoori tiki, (hope I got that right... as I don't have my handy-dandy Asian Indian food guide close by...) and my wife, ordered the okra, which comes with basmati rice. We also ordered garlic nan, and for a specialty beverage, the mango lassi; a mango-yogurt drink. I'll say up front; "Everything was very good, and the mango drink was very much like what we drink, Brasilian style, mixing papaya, mango or passion fruit, with various forms of yogurt, ice cream, or condensed milk. 

I bet I've passed this place twenty five times over the past few years when in Vegas on business. The building is old looking, near the bus stop at the front of an older strip center, and in an older section of West Vegas. But once you walk inside, see a relatively nice interior, and see the many regulars we saw, you're probably going to have the same high level of confidence we had.

While service is stereotypical-etchnic restaurant-slow and spotty......... the food does deliver. It will never be as good as homemade, if you cook Indian at home, but then, as a Brasilian family, we rarely find stateside restaurants that meet our standards. That's to be expected. But having enjoyed Indian cuisine over the years, I'm comfortable recommending this restaurant.   

I've added Mt. Everest to my "black book" of off-strip restaurants. If it's good enough for the many Indian clients I saw there tonight, then I'm sure it'll be good enough for you. Remember that Indian clients could go anywhere in town, but there was a good number of couples and foursomes dining in tonight. This alone told us it must have passed their test for authentic and good-enough-food/preparation quality to compete with their own home cooked meals.

So as they say in Vegas....... "I'm in......" at least for this Indian restaurant.
I love Indian food and this place delivered. I ordered the standard fare for me at an Indian place.. Tandoori Chicken Tika, Chicken Masala, and A mixed grill dish. All were very good. I was with my parents and could not ramp up the spice so it was pretty cool but I didn't order it spicy. So I am curious to hit this place and tell them max spice and see how it is.

Each dish was good I thought it was kind of odd that I only got one rice with what appears to me to be 3 entrees. I requested a second rice and got charged. I dunno, thought it could be included. I also ordered these deep fried chiles to start. They were good but really unpredictable. One chiles was melt your face off the next had nothing so it was an interesting experience not sure what would happen next!

I would go again for sure. Everything was done well and the food was good. Hopefully with some spice it will be great! Oh yeah.. had a groupon there too which was nice
YUMMY BUFFET! Reasonable price. Love their CHAI. Try their Buffet! Their desserts was awesome too. Service was awesome!
Outstanding service, Prakash is Awesome!! Food is delicious, I traveled all the way from Green Valley, Henderson to have the sumptuous buffet. Great Food, Great People.
I love Indian food and am able to cook most Indian dishes being an Indian from Singapore. Occasionally, we will eat out and my first choice is Mount Everest India's Cuisine. Why? The service rendered by Prakash is worth mentioning and he caters to our every needs. Thank you Prakash for excellent service and delicious food. Love the tea too..
First & Foremost, this is one of our favorite Indian Buffet Restaurant. Scrumptious spread of fine dining!. Loving every bit of it. Not forgetting their Masala Chai & Desserts. We were served with tender, loving & care by Prakash. Thanks once again for attending to us today as always. We appreciate it.
The Mt. Everest is the best of both veggie and meat worlds!  My wife is a vegetarian and I am on the Atkins diet.  I love the huge selection of meals and Prakash (the owner) is the nicest man.  The restaurant is spotless (table cloths!) with endless attention to detail.  I wish I had known about this place years ago.

Try the Buffet lunch for welcome surprises.  They change the food selection every day.
We tried the lunch buffet, it was wonderful.  Food was very fresh, service was prompt.  The only reason I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 is I wish the items were listed in English as well or maybe just a description.  I went with my husband who is not the biggest fan of Indian food and I know what I like but I can't really explain exactly what is in each dish.
Took my Punjabi friend there for the buffet lunch and we really enjoyed it!  Will be back again & again!
Cruising in my Lotus Elise rental, I wanted to get some good eats + a nice drive off the Strip. Indian food popped up and I dialed in this place.

The inside was a bit darker/cooler than I thought, with just the buffet lamps giving light besides the natural light. Still pretty nice, the food was great and the waiter/owner(?) was nice. When I asked them about not having rice kheer dessert, they said it rotates with other different items (that day had a mango dessert). Darn. To my surprise, he brings out a complimentary bowl of kheer. Awesome! It is one of my favorite desserts; so simple, yet so good. The naan is nice and fluffy, too.
I am a regular here. Best value for an Indian lunch buffet. The Naan never disappoints, try the garlic naan Most of the food is somewhat spicy as it should be. The owner doubles as a waiter and even with 6 tables and 8 booths the service is still excellent and he also works the register.
My fave indian joint in vegas! Best lunch buffet ever! The food is always on point great selection and amazing service. The owner is always in the dinning room ensuring everyone is enjoying their meal! This place is fantastic ... everyone must try! Mmmmmmmmmmm
If you can look past the fact that this place is obviously a former Burger King, this is a great lunch buffet.  Jam packed on a weekday.  The only thing we had that we weren't crazy about were the samosas.  They were small and not very flavorful.  Otherwise, pretty solid.
We went for the lunch buffet, which was absolutely amazing!  The service was great and the food was unforgettable. I highly recommend this place.  The location is easily accessible too.
Just got finished eating at Mount Everest for their lunch buffet and I'm literally reeling in pain at my desk.  This opening line would work much better if you couldn't already see the 5 star rating I'm giving them.   Yes, this is that Sushi Mon all you can eat and then some, pants button undoing type of stomach pain, and not the having flashbacks of the Subway employee not washing his hands while making your Sweet Onion Teriyaki chicken sandwich type of pain.

I wish I could describe what I ate in detail, but the truth is I have no idea.  On the first plate I tried everything on the right side of the hot buffet items, which resulted in a plate of rice and an assortment of deliciously spiced veggie and chicken dishes along with some Veggie Samosas and Pakoras.  After a while, sauces were blending into each other, pakora were getting smothered with various other items, left became right, black became white, and soon a harmonious melting pot had been achieved on my plate that rivaled any buffet experience I've had.  With each bite I had no idea which item(s) I were eating, but they were all fantastic.  Some of these bites provided quite a kick and the quickly refilled iced tea and water were much appreciated.

I had no need for a 2nd plate.  I had no room for a 2nd plate.  Someone should have stopped me, but alas, they didn't.   Walking up to the buffet line, the only game plan I had was to try everything on the left side that I didn't try the first time.   Chicken Curry, Chicken something else, Chicken something else.  Done.  Unfortunately I also couldnt resist some more Daal, some more samosas, some more pakora.  3 bites in I knew I was in trouble.  12 bites in I started to hurt.  20 bites in I tapped out.   Now an hour later I'm finally starting to recover...

You may have won the battle Mount Everest, but I will be back to win the war.
First of all, please don't go by their advertisement "vegas's biggest indian  buffet". It is not. Food was alright. Not good selection of appetizers. Place is ok.
Best Indian food in Vegas!! Highly recommend!!
Fantastic food and service! Te best Indian food in Las Vegas by far. I come at least once a week for the buffet lunch and I can honestly say I've never had a bad meal here. 

The food is always fresh, hot and ready to go for you as soon as you walk in and the bread is always made to order and at your table as quick as can be. 

I've been in Las Vegas for four months and don't go any where else. The staff sets everything apart, they always welcome myself and friends in with a smile and fast service. You can get good food in other places but for great food and great service you have to come here!
We went here in our May 2012 trip. We are generally pretty picky about Indian food as we have eaten in India and almost all across America in many Indian restaurants. We were craving for some Indian food in Vegas and decided to try here. From the outside, it didn't look that inviting. But once. we were in, the service was awesome.

Every food we ordered was authentic and to our taste. Tandoori Chicken is one dish that I am usually never satisfied in most Indian restaurants in the states. But the tandoori chicken here just rocked, it was juicy, scrumptious and perfectly cooked. Just like the clay oven cooked chicken in India.We love it.

The host was generous in proportions and very friendly.

Its a little gem in vegas.
Best indian food in vegas. We always go here and this food is delicious and authentic
Ok we went back again since my company wanted to go and I think the lack of service from my prior experience was because the owner was stressed out. Service was good again and food was actually much better and flavorful when you order it fresh.
Food with flavors. Just wonderfull. They never let my water glass get lower than half. The best!
Would you care to feed a small army?  Does your army enjoy delicious Indian-spiced foods?   Then bring them down to Mount Everest!

I don't know why, but my husband and I always order our "staples" when we go to an Indian restaurant and we can be pretty particular about them.  Things were no different here.  Our staples are: Saag Paneer (called Palak Paneer here), Vegetable Korma, Mango Lassi, and Garlic Naan.  Because we had a restaurant.com coupon, we were also able to order Paneer Tiki Masala and Vegetable Samosas.

Normally at other Indian restaurants this would be a ton of food for us which (sadly) we can finish if we are hungry enough (but we are giant pigs).  Mount Everest takes the cake for largest serving sizes in the valley.  We had two boxes of leftovers!  You are definitely getting your money's worth here.

Not only are the portions huge, but this is some of the best Indian food I've had.  They have given my beloved Mint a run for their money.  The Paneer Tiki Masala had great flavor and lots of paneer.  Plus the paneer was fantastic- it was denser than most paneer and had a very mild flavor.  I could be wrong, but it seemed like it was made fresh.  The Vegetable Korma was mildly spiced (in a good way) and was loaded with a large variety of fresh vegetables.  The Saag Paneer was a little different than what I'm used to, but I still enjoyed it.  It was a little milder, had a lot of cream, and the spinach was well-blended.  All these dishes we ordered medium, but they were pretty mild on the spice.  I think we could have could have ordered spicier and been ok.

The free Papadums were good and I enjoyed the mint and tamarind sauces.  The mango lassi, while having a very interesting intense orange color I'm not used to, was very good as well.  The vegetable samosas were gigantic but a little bit on the greasy side.  The garlic naan had every inch covered in garlic (hooray!) but seemed a little uncooked in the middle.  

The service was very friendly but a little slow at times, especially when the place began to fill up.  The building may be a little iffy on the outside (what is that, an old Pizza Hut?) it was very nice on the inside and very clean.  Plus they play Bollywood movies!

Oh, and did I mention that they gave us an extra giant order of rice for all our leftovers?  For free?

Overall, this is a great place to enjoy some delicious Indian food.  Just be prepared to take some home!
Absolutely delicious. Best food in Vegas!!! EVERYTHING we had was delicious. There were six people on our group and ALL of us were very happy with the food and service. Every dish was perfect.
We came here for lunch buffet when I was majorly craving Indian food and my husband insisted we finally try something other than our usual place, Mint.

The food was honestly good (and spicier than Mint, which was a welcome change of pace) but the surroundings are kinda bleh and we didn't get refills on our naan and we had to wait forever in between pop refills. The service was pretty iffy. The buffet selection is decent and I liked that they had samosas on the buffet.

The food was good and I wouldn't object to going back but there are other places that I think offer a better all-around experience.
Being Indian and all, I can cook Indian food fairly well, but I seek out Indian restaurant for the beautiful diversity of regional specialties that I just don't know how to cook or do not have the equipment to cook (eg. Tandoor oven). In the 3 years, that I lived here I have yet to find an Indian restaurant that blows me away, but Mt. Everest is one of the "better" ones. 

Came here on a Saturday night around 7:00 PM. Not the best looking place from the outside, but still hopeful this was a diamond in the rough. The parking lot was full however, surprisingly there were only two other tables filled. However, towards the end of our meal the restaurant filled out.  My husband and I got there before the other couple joining us (it is one of their favorite restaurants).  The staff immediately greeted and seated us.  We had a few moments to look around...decor is a bit dated with the dark green upholstery, but well kept.  We ordered a bottle of wine from the limited but reasonably priced popular wines.  Once the other couple arrived, they were immediately recognized as familiar faces by the staff.  

Prior to ordering we were served complimentary papadoms with the tradition mint and tamarind chutneys. We ordered Tandoori Chicken as an appetizer. This is a great value given there were atleast 8 pieces.  It came out sizzling hot, serve on a cast iron skillet.  I wanted to love it as its sight and sound captured my senses, but it was missing that aromatic smell.  That is right, it was not aromatic or flavorful...kind of bland for Tandoori, but nothing offensive and definitely well prepared.  Still worth getting, because it comes out fresh and sizzling, just spritz with lemon and sprinkle  salt it is more than fine.  

Shortly after our main dishes came out--palak paneer, chicken tikka, rogan josh, garlic naan, and a side kachumber salad.  First off, the portions were plentiful, and more than enough to feed four hearty adult appetites and two for lunch the next day.  The palak to the palak paneer makes that dish silky, creamy and very comforting, but could use a bit more spice although it was ordered at a level 6 on spice scale (1 to 10).  The chicken tikka was tasty and familiar in the sweet, tomatoey style...I prefer it slightly less sweet, but again, well made and worth trying.  The rogan josh's flavor was complexly layers and my favorite dish; it almost like my moms!  However, we ordered it at a level 10 spiciness, but it was much milder than expected.  Although I don't eat bread, according to my fellow dinners the garlic naan was fresh, warm and soft.   The kachumber salad was standard.  

Throughout our meal,  the manager/owner(?) kept checking to make sure we were satisfied and of course, asking if we wanted more wine once we finished the bottle we order.  He gave us generously filled glasses for $5, and we had a friendly conversation.  

Overall, the food was prepared with quality ingredients and with care, but lacked a bit of seasoning.  I haven't returned to many Indian restaurants in Vegas, but I am sure to return to Mt. Everest because the food is good, well priced, and the manager and staff is friendly... a special combination lacking in most Indian restaurants.
4.5 Stars!

Outstanding food!  Incredibly friendly service!  Slightly understaffed, but we are patient dinners.

For the price the quality and portion size was wonderful.  If the food was not so affordable, then I would have been turned off by the atmosphere.  It's certainly is not classy, but doesn't offer any warm/old/divey feelings to placate my heart either.

I would come here again and again .  I kept hearing "that was the best Indian food I've ever had" from fellow patrons...and for the price I would agree.  You literally have to pay twice as much to come close to beating Mount Everest!
Always a great experience.  Food is amazing with a excellent variety of spices.
Excellent place for Indian buffet.. I stayed in Las Vegas for 3 days and I tried couple of Indian restaurant but this stands out because of the quality and variety of food available. A+
Best Indian buffet I've had. Ever.
Used a Groupon deal here. Wasn't sure it was good for the Thali, which if you go to an indian restaraunt is your best deal. You get a bit of everything.
Like previous reviewers, this place is owned by Nepalese. When you drive up it looks almost like it is dark, not open from the outside, but I think thats because of the glare stuff they have on the windows for the heat during the day time.
The service was great.
We ordered a vegetarian Thali and I ordered the Mt. Everest Thali, which came with lamb, tandoori chicken and butter chicken, along with the vegeterian options.
Normally at other indian restaurants I never get appetizers with the Thali. This came with the usual Paperdums, which had both mint chutney and tamarind chutney, which was made fresh you could tell.  In addition to that we got pakoras, fried califlower, and appetizers size chicken pieces and lamb.
Ours came with dessert. Rice pudding and Gulab Jamman. The best we have had thus far. The Gulab was nice and firm and the syrup was thick not watery like I normally have experienced. 
We also ordered chai. It came in a big 32 oz cup, like a take-way, and was made fresh because it was pipping hot. My boyfriend wanted to go back the next day just for the tea!
Highly highly recommend this, especiallyif you know your indian food, much better than Tamba on the Strip.
Per very positive Yelp reviews, a couple of friends and I stopped in here one evening... And very glad we did! Food was amazing & service was excellent! We ordered Saag Paneer, Chicken Tikka Masala and garlic naan- all phenomenal (and I eat quite a bit of Indian food). Our server, which I believe was also the owner, was incredibly nice and sincerely thankful for our business. Such great service seems hard to come by these days, so this place really made an impression on me. I'd recommend it to any one in town craving something other than hangover pizza. ;) Excited for leftovers tomorrow!
Got here at exactly 5:00, we were seated and given papadam right away. The staff were friendly. Food was delicious, & the chai tea was excellent, the best I've had. It was just a little bit of a wait but I didn't care since I had all night, lol. 

I shared the appetizer with my bf; it Really  filled me up.i was done after that. Great price! Must try Mt Everest thali specials for $21.99, trust me its a lot of food. Didn't I mention, awesome customer service?! For sho'
My boyfriend and I tried this because of a Groupon Now offer, and we weren't disappointed.  We ordered a chicken appetizer, the paalak paneer and a lamb dish we had not heard of before, along with some garlic naan.  The order was more than we could finish, even though we enjoyed every bite! Particularly, the lamb was so tender and succulent!

The atmosphere was comfortable and the owner came to greet us.  We would definitely go back again.
A surprisingly awesome buffet in a place I would have never guessed (a bit of a shady corner next to a gas station). Easily the best Indian buffet in town, this place offers a small but very tasty buffet (about 12 items or so) accompanied by some delicious naan. The owner is very cordial and welcoming and will make sure your table is well taken care of.

A lunch buffet with a mango lassi (very tasty, btw) will run  about $14 and will be worth every penny. They also have a la carte items, which I have never tried, but I bet they are just a tasty as the buffet items.
I've never had Indian food before so I don't have much to compare this place to. You definitely have to be somewhat adventurous with the different strong smells and exotic looking food haha! I would say that I enjoyed the food but the poor service I received is why I am giving them 2 stars. 

When we walked into the restaurant we weren't really greeted and the girl just pointed at a table for us to sit at. We went and filled our plates with a little bit of everything. No one came to take our drink orders so I had flag someone down for some water. Then a guy dropped off some naan and I said "oh, but we wanted to try the garlic naan.. Can we get some please?" And the man just rudely said we had finish this order first. We kept having to flag someone down to refill our drinks.!! Ugh~! 

I will say though that I loved the hot fresh garlic naan and the delicious chicken curry.. So much so that I find myself craving it! Hopefully next time the service will be better...
I'm normally not a fan of Indian food, but this place is AM-AZ-ING! We ordered a ton of food and gobbled it down like vagabonds who had been starving in the desert for centuries. I highly recommend the Chicken Tikka Masalla and Okra dishes. PS: You definitely can't judge this book by its cover.
My parents in law, husband and I were looking for some really good Indian food on our Thanksgiving trip to Las Vegas. My in laws had been to this restaurant before but this was the first time for my husband and I. We were not disappointed. The food was very tasty (but not oily at all), the buffet selection was wonderful (lots of chicken and non-vegetarian choices along with vegetables and dessert and salad). The service was excellent and the atmosphere was perfect.  My father in law does not eat naan and the restaurant offered to make him roti's instead at no charge. They are so kind!

The best part? At 9.99 per person for lunch, this is the best deal you can get! I wish they had a location where I live in California. I plan on visiting this restaurant everytime I come to Las Vegas.

Please visit this place next time you are in Las Vegas. I have nothing bad to say at all.
Excellent Indian food, don't be scared by the looks of the building. I run a software company with 15 employees in Bangalore and travel there a couple of times a year, so while I wouldn't call myself any kind of expert, I do know when the palak spices aren't fresh or the nan was left sitting. Neither of those things happened at Mount Everest. Definitely recommended.
This is our go-to place when we're craving an Indian lunch buffet ($10.99). Favorite items include their Murgh Makhani (butter chicken) and saag. In fact, their saag is so incredibly tasty that we suspect it is prepared with MSG. The wifey gets very sleepy after consuming MSG so we generally avoid it, but yet we keep coming back for more. Although the ambiance needs refreshing and their naan is too doughy for our taste, overall this is the best tasting place in town.
4 Stars for the food, 5 stars for the service, pleasant size, and great price.

For a small buffet it had great variety, I particularly liked the goat curry and sweet rice.  What really made my visit great was the owner.  He was constantly attending to all the tables, providing refills on water and asking his guests how their meals tasted.  Attentive and kind, while providing great food, earns 5 stars in my book!
This is by far my favorite place for Indian food-and I've been to many places all over the city. The food here is comforting, full of delicious spices, and nicely priced. The entrees come with delectable basmati rice, which you usually have to order separately at other places. And the naan-the fluffiest,  softest pieces of Heaven! The buffet has a good selection of tasty things, and its always different so you get to try everything. The owner is so personable and nice. We come here at least once a month (if not more often) and will continue to do so! Love this place!!
Fantastic lunch buffet and friendly staff. The saag paneer is the best!
Love the service and food.  This place really has a family-run establishment atmosphere.

Perfect naan and paneer tiki masala.
Hands down, the best Indian food in Las Vegas. The naan comes out hot, the saag paneer is amazing, masala sauce is the best I've ever had. The owner is a very nice guy who isn't afraid to roll up his sleeves and wait tables. Try the lunch buffet for a wonderful variety of dishes.
The only problem I've ever had here is eating too much. The food is delicious and the service is excellent. I've had their buffet a couple times, and it never disappoints - there are the typical things that I know and love, but there are always other dishes to try that are always yummy! When we come for dinner, I usually get chicken makhani at a spicy level 10 - positively to die for!

I know there are other places in town, but if you want the best Indian food, look no further than Mt. Everest!
I LOVE this place!  I've eaten here many times and they've never disappointed.  The food is delicious - I almost always get the chicken tikka masala, but the chicken tandoori is to die for (spicy without being too much), and the naan (I've had garlic and regular) is fabulous.  Really, all the food I've had here has been excellent!

I also love their lunch buffet.  It's a good deal at $10.99, and there is always great variety.  I've been able to try many things that I would have never ordered (goat curry - yum!) but there are also always some of my favorites.  Their dinner menu is reasonably priced (especially with a Groupon) but the lunch buffet is definitely the deal to get if you're in the area at lunch time.

The first time I went the location was a little scary - it's on the corner next to a gas station and Mariana's supermarket and the outside is not super bright.  I was a little nervous, but as soon as I stepped inside I felt much better.  It is a cute place - tablecloths on the tables, well lit (not bright but definitely not "shady"), and the people are SO nice.  I've always had excellent service - definitely the nicest servers I've had in a long time!

I definitely highly recommend Mt. Everest!
Roti's were softest ever and buffet items were decent. 
I am giving one star because of the rudeness I received. We wanted to order from menu and we were told there is a 15$ minimum per head including kids for ordering.  This is after the waiter asked us if we wanted to order, owner/manager came and told us that there is such a minimum and thats why they provided buffet(kind of telling us we cant afford 15$ per head luxury of ordering from menu). 

So if you are desperate for food, go here.
Food was no good. There were lots of indian customers inside. Is it a sign of good Indian food? For our taste, not good at all. Couldn't even find a spicy dish! Find another place in LV!
Wow! We went for dinner tonight at 5:00. Shady looking building but the inside is cute and of course it smells amazing. The men working were so nice. We ordered A LOT! The fried paneer, shrimp tikka masala, shrimp vindaloo, garlic naan, lamb naan, and mango lassi. Everything seriously was spectacular. Indian food is my favorite and my boyfriend and I are very judgmental diners. I'm not sure I've had better Indian food than this. The only suggestion I would make is to use larger shrimp. One of the guys even brought over a rose for me as we were leaving. Thank you all for giving us such a great experience.
We come here every time we're in Las Vegas, which is 2-3 times a year (major trade shows, and weekends away), and the owner, Prakash always recognizes us, which is nice. The food is great, especially the vindaloo, which is my favorite! Get the samosas, and some Naan to round out your meal. Bring your appetite, the portions are generous, and the prices very reasonable. Well with the trip off the strip!
first let me say I'm not a Vegas guy, if i never came back here I'd be happy. and trying to get a decent affordable meal on or around the strip is a nightmare. if you're being wined and dined, then by all means, have the sales manager take you to whatever over-priced Bellagio restaurant you see fit.

if, like me, a great meal in a quiet place is what you're after, run, dont walk, to Mt. Everest. Prakash and the fellas serve up some of the tastiest Indian cuisine I've ever had. 

don't let the neighborhood (it's quite safe) or the former pizza hut exterior deter you, as soon as you walk inside it feels like an oasis. and the delicious smells of curry and tandoori greet you.

the chicken tikka, served sort of fajita-style, was tender and delicious, and spiced to perfection. the saag paneer, one of my favorite indian dishes, was savory and so inviting that i kept going back to it as i "filled in the corners" at the end of the meal, when i'd already eaten too much. we also had their lamb curry which was not a ground lamb curry but featured a generous portion of cubed lamb shoulder perfectly cooked and tender.

this is my new go-to spot in this ridiculous town. Mount Everest is fabulous!
My husband and I went to have some dinner and we didn't realize the time. The restaurant was actually closed and the owner Prakash welcomed us and gave us the option to order take out. We really appreciated that, and we were worried that his staff would be upset with us for ruining their closing routine! Prakash was so nice and he took our order and we even ordered extra sides after we had put the original order in, and he still accommodated us. He didn't even charge us for the extra sides. We will definitely come here again within hours when we are in town next time. The food was amazing spicy like we enjoy.
We noticed this place as we were out driving around. We thought it was a drive-through Indian restaurant, which we thought was such a great idea that we had to check it out.  To our disappointment, the drive-through window isn't operational.  Going inside, I expected fast-food furnishings and decor to match the outside of the restaurant.  No way!  White tablecloths and cloth napkins!  Waiters attending to the patrons.  And best of all, fragrant, delectable Indian cuisine - at a $10.00 lunch buffet!

The disappointment of the non-working drive through window was completely forgotten once we experienced the excellent food.  It was so good that we kept embarrassing ourselves, "mmm!  Mmmma!  Oh my gosh this is so GOOD!"  

Every dish was fresh, seasoned perfectly, not greasy, gamy or too salty.  Occasionally they even changed the food, putting out a completely different dish in place of something that was there before.

The naan was amazing.  I could go there just for the naan.  They offered more, but we had to say "no thank you," because the rest of the food was so good.

The vegetarian dishes were at a separate warming table than the chicken dishes.  This speaks volumes for how they care for their customers, and I'm sure the vegetarian customers appreciate this.

The service was impeccable.  Our water glasses were kept full.  Even the water was good - no chlorine taste.  

They didn't bring a check so we paid on the way out.  But that might just be how they do it there, which is fine by us.  We gave the highest tip percentage that we give due to the fine service and quality of food.  We will definitely be back.  This is now officially our place for Indian food.

We just went back again today.  It was every bit as good this time.  And they offered an accommodation for our disabled son without our asking for it, which was very kind.  We'll be back again soon.
Some of the best Indian food in the area! To be honest, it's not in the nicest neighborhood. But if it's mighty tasty food you crave, at a very reasonable price, take the 5-minute drive off the strip to enjoy delicious grub. Don't be scared by the exterior, which rather needs some TLC, because the interior is actually quite nice and cozy, and well-maintained.

Try the vindaloo, it's some of the best I've ever had anywhere. I wouldn't recommend the salad, it's not exactly as pictured. The naan, however, is fragrant and fluffy! 

The owner actually still recognizes us from when we visited one year ago... either we're funny-looking, or he's got a good memory. :)
THE BEST Indian restaurant in Las Vegas. Don't waste your time, money or taste buds any where besides Mt. Everest Indian Cusine. I have tried almost all of the Indian restaurants in Las Vegas. Tamba Indian restaurant was the worst of all I would not eat there even for free. If you want real Indian experience of Indian Cusine then definitely you should go and try this place out. Best of all Excellent Customer Service from all of staff. - Guru
Great food, great service!!   The staff took great care of our needs.  The owner even assisted in waiting on us and brought us a free dessert at the end of our dining.  We frequent Indian restaurants in all major cities we visit due to lack of options in Arkansas.  I would say this was one of the best we have been too.  We visit Las Vegas often and we WILL be visiting Mount Everest during our next trip.  Well worth the cab ride from the strip and we just hailed a cab from the street when we left.
This trip to Vegas my husband put the kabosh on expensive strip restaurants. So after yelping the best off-strip restaurants we decided to see what all the fuss was about. The bottom line (in case you don't wanna read on): food so good we came here 2 days in a row. 

Don't let the neighborhood scare you. Only a lil sketchy. The food is spectacular!! Best Indian food we ever had. EVER. we tried the Mt Everest thali which was plenty of food for 2 big eaters. The naan is yummers- both plain and garlic. Even the lamb, which I'm pretty picky about was so tasty. Not gamey at all. Our favorite dishes: chicken tikka masala, saag paneer. 

We came back for the lunch buffet the day after. I highly recommend it if you like variety and don't really know the names of the dishes. There wasn't a single thing we didn't like. 

Not only is the food amazing but service is great. Prakash is a great host. 
We will be coming here every time we come to Vegas.
I went here to convert two of my girlfriends to try and like Indian food, and it was a success. A classmate of mine told me about this place. She said this is hands down her favorite Indian restaurant in the city. So after a couple months of persuading, my two friends who aren't so adventurous in cuisines as much as I am, finally decided to accompany me to Mt. Everest. I'd admit the venue is a bit sketchy but I just kept pulling the two inside. I already know my favorite Indian dishes, so I ordered for my friends since they don't know what dishes are what. We went for Chicken Tikka Masala, Korma, and tandoori. I thought those dishes were the most "friendly" to those who've never had Indian food before, so yeah. We also got garlic and regular naan combination, and mango lassi (my favorite!). I liked every dish we ordered, especially the Korma. I can't stop dipping my garlic naan into it. And the lassi was just perfect. I wanted to drink a whole pitcher if I could. The service was very friendly and he didn't hesitate to help us with any questions regarding the dishes. In past experiences with Indian restaurants, I felt like the service have been quite rushed and somewhat rude, but Mt. Everest's server was quite congenial. I think the prices aren't bad and the serving was enough for people to share. I think I've found my go to Indian restaurant. I'll definitely try their lunch buffet.
Hubby and I went here a couple of weeks ago with a Restaurant.com coupon.  We like Indian food and based on the reviews were looking forward to this place.  It was virtually empty when we arrived, and we were seated immediately.  I mentioned our coupon for $25 off with a purchase of $45 or more.  So we had to eat a lot!  Easy enough!  Our waiter, who I think was also the owner/manager, suggested the Tandoori chicken to start as an appetizer,  Eat a few pieces and take the rest home , which is what we did.  The chicken was that awful red color that you find on most tandoori chicken, but it was very moist and delicious as were the onions and peppers served along with the chicken.  Side note:  We have only had tandoori chicken at one other restaurant in town that wasn't that awful red, and it was the best ever.  But I digress.  

We ordered two kinds of naan, garlic naan and lamb filled naan.  The lamb filled naan was OK, but didn't have a real lamby taste, but the garlic naan - OMG  I could have made a meal on just that.  I wanted a lamb dish for my entree and Rogan Josh was suggested, and it was delicious.  Very tender and the sauce was perfect.  Put some on my lamb, the rice and scooped up some with naan.  My husband got a fish curry.  It seemed to me to be very much the same sauce that was on the lamb but with fish chunks in it.  I wasn't crazy about it, but he really enjoyed it. We also had a cauliflower and potato dish that we really enjoyed. I forgot to order raita, which I usually love with Indian food.

We too got a complimentary rice pudding dessert , which unfortunately we were too full to finish.  But it was delicious too, so next time I'll make room for it.

I didn't notice the neighborhood.  It's in a strip mall with a large Mariani's supermarket behind it.  It's not inexpensive, but definitely not over-priced.  While it is number two on our list of favorites, it is somewhat less expensive and definitely closer to home than our number one, so we will definitely be returning very soon!
Everest was part of my quest for the best Indian food Vegas had to offer. Luckily, it was quite fantastic! I've been back a couple times, and both times have been full of great flavors.

I don't remember the exact name, but there is an option on the menu I'm a huge fan of. It's essentially a large selection of their foods, in little metal dishes, lined up and ready for consumption. It's delicious! It's a great way to familiarize yourself with Indian cuisine quickly, if you're new to it all. Both of my experiences here have been with this item. Everything has been of great quality and flavor.

Like most Indian restaurants, the na'an is extra. However, you do have a choice of regular and garlic na'an. Maybe some other choices as well. Always go with garlic. You're welcome.

The atmosphere is dark for dinner. Almost questionably so. Service is acceptable, although my first visit here wasn't positive in terms of recommendations. We asked some questions about the menu and they must have interpreted that as "you want everything you're asking about." We got a lot of food back. This wasn't good on the server's part, because really, who orders that many entrees without question? Who doubles up on the same item? Just keep a careful eye/ear out.

Other than the overloaded order mishap, I'll have to be back hear for this amazing lunch buffet I keep hearing about. Updates to come.
Mt. Everest's food is good. It covers Indian cuisine from different parts of India, which is nice. The lunch buffet is HUGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGE! Like waaaaaaay tons of options. I like that they have sweet rice, because that makes me think of my mom's sweet rice, and well nostalgia makes everything taste better. They have a nice selection of meats too. I've NEVER seen a lunch buffet serve goat meat. Gotta give the props on that one. The naan is fresh and fluffy. I like that they give you both plain and garlic naan. Their roti is decent. Overall, it's a good option when home-cooked Indian food isn't happening.
Let me start by saying that the food is delicious (on most days). My review will be covering my lunch buffet experience only, so please keep that in mind when reading.

Pros:
Plenty of variety - Chicken tikka, tandoori chicken, saag paneer and so forth. The naan is freshly made, but be sure to mention custom requests such as Garlic naan etc while you are being seated (or they assume you want it plain).

Cons
While the food quality ranges from good to excellent, the customer service is lacking, depending on the season. The owner is a really chill guy, but he seems have 1 person working ALL the tables sometimes (which gets chaotic during lunch rush, and customer service suffers).  I've noticed he's hired more staff lately, but I suspect its only seasonal. My note to him - Keep your location well-staffed :) 

I love their carrot dessert (gajar halwa), which is light years better than the sugary Gulab Jamun. They have a salad bar, which is decent.

My advice to readers - You better make sure you are leading an active lifestyle, if Indian Buffet is your goto for lunch. Although the food here is tasty delicious goodness, its not really good for your body :/ Authentic Indian food isn't this greasy or creamy, and most Indian people don't eat like this.

Because of the health implications of eating such loaded items, I tend to go there once every 2 weeks...maybe once a month.
I have eaten at Everest many times. The Aloo Muttor Gobi, Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Biryani, Garlic Naan, and more. The owner and staff have  consistently been helpful. I will be returning soon.
I'm a huge fan of Indian food. It all started in a place back home in Daytona Beach FL just a few years ago. Since then I've been on the hunt for more great Indian restaurants. I just can't get enough of the Chicken Makhani (also known as butter chicken), Lamb Korma and Naan bread, SO YUMMY. This place was really great. The flavors were great and very fresh. I agree with all the reviews. I do think the service was a bit slow. It seemed the hostess was also taking orders and closing tickets.  We had a show to go to so we literally had to take the check up to the register to pay our bill. I still don't think I have found a match for the place in Daytona Beach but this is very close......Highly recommended, no complaints or disappointments!
I have been searching for a good Indian restaurant in Las Vegas.  There are many place who claim to have it and they fall short. My first visit to Mt. Everest proved to be nothing less than fantastic. This family owned and worked restaurant offers the authenticity I have been searching for.  The food was nothing less than fantastic. It was fresh, delicious and great.  We ordered the garlic naan, chicken mahkhani, lamb saag and an onion potato cake. Everything was delectable.

Additional note, the restrooms were extremely clean, which is another great sign of a restaurant for me. If they care enough to properly maintain their restrooms, then they genuinely care about their business. There are several restaurants in this valley that charge huge prices for everything and their bathrooms are trashed.
I love this place. This truly is some of the best Indian food you can get in las vegas. Their lunch buffet is awesome. And the best part is they are not afraid of actually giving some heat to their dishes unlike some of the other Indian spots in vegas. 

The food:

Finally some heat with my lunch buffet food. The food here isn't too spicy it has just enough heat to get the job done. You start in the vegetarian section which has some amazing dishes then move your way to the meats. I love the chicken dishes and the goat curry is one of my favorites. You then move onto condiments and desert. Make sure to grab some plain yogurt and chutney to dip your naan into. 

Service: 

If anything is low just let the owner know and he has them cook it right away. Service is excellent water or soda glasses are kept full. If you come in after they stop cooking for the buffet the owner will let you know when you walk in. He will also ask you to go take a look at what he has out to make sure you would like to stay. 

Also don't forget if you are just driving by during the lunch buffet hours you can grab a to go box and load it up for the same price as the lunch buffet. 

This place is one of my favorite las vegas Indian food spots. It doesn't quite hit the same level as mint for me but it is up there.
Stopped by this place twice the last two times I went Las Vegas. Loved the mango Lassi! Awesome service and friendly too! Would go there again!
My wife and I drove past this run-down, ex-Burger King shack on Sahara dozens of times before we finally got over the creep factor and tried eating there. It was worth it!

The atmosphere inside won't win any prizes but the food passes the test compared to the other Indian options in town. The lunch buffet has some interesting selections you don't see very often, and overall we had a relaxing, tasty and filling weekday lunch here. We'll probably return when we don't feel like going all the way down to Mint.

The lesson: Don't judge a restaurant by its faade. Or its interior, for that matter.
This place has the best Indian food in town! I've lived in Las Vegas 18 years and I have tried many restaurants...and I keep coming back to this one and have never been disappointed. This one should go right up in the "Best of Las Vegas" along with Pin Kaow on Rainbow (for best Thai food). 

Their lunch buffet is reasonably priced and you get a lot of choices. Their butter chicken is the BEST! And their chicken curry is awesome also.  And they serve you fresh naan with the buffet.  

If you go for dinner, its a lot more expensive, but you of course can order anything on the menu that way.

The owner is always there at lunchtime and knows us too well because we are always there!  

I highly recommend it. -SG
Mt.  Everest is a fantastic hole in the wall Indian restaurant. I had a few hours to kill before flying out of Vegas today, and wanted to grab a leisurely bite to eat.  While I'm not usually a fan of buffets (I'm a small dude, the value isn't there for me), I know the lunch buffet is the norm with Indian cuisine.  

Everything was very fresh and tasty.  The naan was particularly good, as was the vegetable daal.  And the owner and his family were very friendly and accommodating.  

I don't pass through Vegas often, but I'll stop at Mt. Everest the next time I'm in town.
My favorite Indian restaurant (Gaylord) is now out of business and other Indian restaurants I've been to have been mediocre which is why I'm so glad I gave Mount Everest a try eventhough the place was kind of creepy.  The quality of the food is comparable to Gaylord's but you get more food and pay a lot less.  The people that work here are very nice and friendly.  They have Bollywood videos on at all times.

They give you a basket of papadum with mint and tamarind sauces.  We started of with samosa (they're like potato-filled empanadas with ginger and spices) and aloo tikki (fried patties of mashed potatoes in chick pea batter).

Mango Lasi:
Creamy mango shake. 5/5

Veggie Samosa:
You get two pieces for $4.  The crust was the right thickness and wasn't too doughy.  You can definitely taste the spices.  I had to use the tamarind sauce to tone down the heat a bit. Very filling. 4/5

Aloo Tikki:
You get 2 patties for $4. Crispy deep-fried mashed potatoes.  Very filling as well.  Great flavor. 5/5

Palak Paneer:
I was looking for the cheese on top since that's what I'm used to.  4/5

Garlic Naan:
I love this stuff.  We had 2 orders. Hot, garlicky and buttery bread to scoop/dip saucy dishes with. 5/5

Chicken Tikka Masala:
My favorite Indian dish.  We ordered mild but it was still quite spicy...but it burned so good. 5/5

Kulfi:
A mild cheesy ice cream and you can see pistachio bits. 4/5

Gulab Jamun:
My favorite Indian dessert. They're like hot cheese dougnuts in simple syrup. 5/5

I honestly wasn't expecting the food to be that good.  This is my new favorite in Vegas!  They also have a lunch buffet from 11am-3pm for $10-11.  I'd come back here for that!
Love this place, the food is great.  I had the curry chickin and my fiance had a lamb dish.  We also had a few appertizers.  Everything was so unbelievably tasty, fresh and the food was served piping hot. The place was small and not really fancy but clean and a nice atmosphere.
Awesome authentic Indian food. Ambience is not that good but the food is just great. One of the best in US
I love this place. I love how every time I need another refill it has already been done. They have this chilli chicken dish which is little pieces of chicken covered in their special chilli sauce and cooked for long time to become delicious as it is. I have been trying to find a great Indian place for a while and this one does it for me. I love the service here and will continue to come back.
Being spoiled with California's MANY Indian restaurants, I was sad when I came back to Las Vegas to find a VERY limited selection of places to get my Chicken Tikka Masala and Garlic Naan cravings taken care of. I thought the only way to get my fix was to fly back to the Bay to get it, BUT then I came across this place!

I have probably driven passed this place a billion times before I considered to try it and honestly, it wasn't until I saw the awesome ratings from Yelpers before I decided it was a GO. Boy am I happy I did! EVERYTHING on their menu is so flavorful and rich! My boyfriend and I LOooOoOOOove this place. It's inside of what used to be a Burger King in front of the Mariana's Supermarket. The area isn't aesthetically pleasing, but don't you dare judge a book by it's cover! Their service is hospitable, kind of quiet and shy, but hospitable nonetheless. 

Their Mango Lasse is amazeballs. Their chai is alright, probably wouldn't order it again though. The Papadams (spelling?) and the little sauces that get served before you order are so dainty and delicious! 

If you ever come for their Lunch Buffet, don't plan on eating for the rest of the day, haha! They have an awesome selection and everything is fresh! We're so excited that we found this place. The boyfriend and I were talking about how we don't know why Indian food has such a negative social stigma when it's actually delicious. But I guess we don't really mind. MORE FOR US! :)
The portions were larger than we expected, the mango lassi was delicious, and they have a huge variety of dishes on their menu. :)
It is very rare that I change my first impression, but that was the case here with this one.  My first visit to Mount Everest was not a good one.  I didn't think there naan was good, didn't try the sweet rice, and the samosas were overcooked.  

Well, wow.  I have been back like, 7 times in the past month since that initial visit.  It is by far my favorite Indian lunch buffet place.  I had 3 in the running but Mt Everest is on top.  First, the price.  I believe it is 10.99... not bad.  Second, the choices.  It has the most choices I've seen!  What could make this place better?  If their labels were more specific.  I love the way some buffets put "vegetarian"; as a 75% vegetarian I like a quick reference guide to vegetarian options.  But... with my minor knowledge of Indian food I know what most of their dishes are.  If it were my first exposure to Indian food, however, I would be S.O.L!

Also another thing they could make better.  Their naan.  I don't like their naan.  I like buttery, garlicy soft guusy naan.  This is not my favorite place for naan (Saffron is).  If you like medium-textured, little buttered, barely garlic-ed naan then you would like it.  Other than that, it's so good!   Their choices are amazing.

Final thing (this is the Nutrition student in me):  They are so sanitary!  One of the only Indian buffets I've seen with in-place "sneeze guards" on their buffet.  Their buffet is actually buffet style so it has the coverings.  Furthermore, their bathroom has a sanitary spray above the handle.  How great!  So even if nasties don't wash their hands, I won't get their germs from when they open the bathroom door open.  Foodborne illness is no joke, yo.

P.S.
Try the sweet rice!  

P.S.S.
The Bollywood they play on TV is a great compliment to the atmosphere.
A colleague and I changed our business lunch venue to Mount Everest today - and I'm sooooo glad we did!

I love Indian food - and haven't had any in a while other than the boil-in-a-pouch variety from Trader Joe's so I jumped at the chance to try a place in town I hadn't been to before. Just pulling up and waiting outside the aroma was so enticing - I could tell good things awaited.

Of course, since we were there for lunch - we got the buffet. As someone who primarily eats vegetarian/vegan I was immediately impressed with the number of veggie dishes offered - and I loved the fact that they separated the meat dishes into a different station all together. Everything I loaded up my plate with was delish!  From the basmati rice, dal, veggie korma, samosas and pakoras - everything was outstanding. The service was super kind and prompt too!  I'll be back - with my husband in tow next time!
Hands down the best Indian food I've had in the US.  Spicy actually means spicy, the samosa's were fantastic, the service was great.  We had samosa's, garlic naan, raita, Lamb Vindaloo, Chicken Kadai (the best dish of the night).  All for $38.  Unlike most Indian places, portions were big enough to take some home.  We probably wont try another place in Las Vegas.  Seriously good.  Left-overs didn't last til lunch...had it for breakfast.
Super yum, best part is its very clean authentic Indian, not that greasy chewy stuff you might get other places. Loved this place will def. be going again.
Came again after our initial visit and we had a much more enjoyable experience. 
The server was friendly and attentive this time around and kept our water glasses full and answered any questions we had. 
I am addicted to the chicken curry. I didn't know I liked Indian food till I found myself at home craving the creamy, flavorful curry with moist bits of chicken.. mmmmM
I think the lunch buffet is definitely worth it at around $11 since dinner entres can add up $$$. All the other buffet items are just bonuses but the chicken curry with garlic naan are what will keep me coming back for more~!!!

HOT TIP: Get the garlic naan! Way better than the regular naan but make sure to place the order as soon as you sit down or they will bring out the regular naan and you can't order a new batch till you finish it haha
Modest atmosphere - great food.

I went with a couple of friends while in sin city.
Garlic naan - fluffy and garlicy - yum.
Samosas - solid not amazing. Mint & tamarind chutneys were really good.
Chicken tikka masala - outstanding
Chicken Kardai - really good
Lamb vindaloo- great flavor - lamb a bit tough.
Saag - great flavor.
Rice - nice.
Owner couldn't have been nicer. His son even drove us to the closest hotel to catch a cab because it would have been more than 30 minutes for one to come.
Get off the strip and get some real Indian grub here.
Thursday lunch, spouse and I arrived at about 12:25 and were seated quickly by a friendly male.  The booth had white linen table cloth and white cloth napkins with better than the usual flatware and water goblet.  Unfortunately, lunch is ONLY the buffet for $10.99 [it is not clear if this is ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT].  A menu is only for dinner.
The buffet had a "sneeze" shield with sticky notes with handwritten names for whatever was under the shield.  The labels were for the Indian name of the dish; not very helpful if you're not an Indian speaker.
The "wet" items were soupy and the "dry" items were dry to an extreme.  The two best items, IMHO, were the chicken curry and the white rice, while the others were forgettable.  The condiments I normally associate with curry [like coconut, peanuts, grated onion, etc. were absent; although the chutney was present, but unremarkable as chutney].
I would hazard a guess that those giving five stars are native speakers and are familiar with the food in the buffet.  Since I'm neither, this made things awkward.
This place is great. The food is excellent and we were served by the owner (he was very nice). I talked my husband into trying a different cuisine and he was weary about the place from the looks on the outside; if it was not for the open sign we probably would not have stopped. The inside is very nice, linen on the tables and clean. We are early eaters so we were the start of their dinner crowd, it filled up quickly as we ate. 

We ordered the garlic Naan and it was awesome, made to order. My husband had the Lamb Korma on my recommendation and I had the Chicken Korma. They also have a veggie Korma that is probably just as good. Portion sizes are large.

Don't judge a book by its cover or you will miss out on some really outstanding Indian Cuisine. My husband liked it so much he wants to go back before we leave Las Vegas. That does not happen often and means he really liked it as did I.
This place was great. We went for the lunch buffet on the recordation of a friend. It was excellent. Had never had sweet rice before and it was awesome! The naan was excellent and it was great to try a bunch of different dishes. Will deffinately be going back.
Right off, I'm very stingy with giving out stars and I'm not likely to assign any value to the outside of any place.  This restaurant is not much to look at from the outside but is a medium to small restaurant that is pleasantly decorated inside with a friendly staff.  The lunch buffet is served in some of the nicest heated tables (one iced table for the cold menu) with covered chafing dishes.  The food is kept hotter than any other buffet with dishes refreshed regularly.  The one meat table is separate from the vegetable tables, a nice feature for vegetarians to avoid cross contamination.

Every dish was delicious.  Although I would have liked to have one main potato dish (there were potato samosas and a great mixed vegetable dish with potatoes) and would drop up to half a star for the menu selection, the food was fresh, perfumed, and not overly South Indian hot.  The obligatory Tandoori Chicken was both flavorful and moist.  I suspect that the heated tables and covered chafing dishes help maintain the quality of the food.  The pakora were a little crunchy, maybe not perfect, but tasty.  Given that there are no half-stars, the only negatives were not worthy of dropping to four stars considering our overall satisfaction.

We arrived for a late lunch, around 1:30, but the food was great and refreshed before the dish was emptied, keeping the quality up.  The plain naan arrived before we were back from the buffet and I would have liked to have garlic naan, but no one asked.  I guess it is important to ask right away for naan other than plain, but the plain naan was good.  The service was fine with dishes cleared and water refilled, but a little invisible and surprisingly shy.  For any questions, just call out for them -- they really don't want to disturb your meal.

Overall, the fixtures were superior, the dining room was kept clean, and every dish on the buffet was terrific.  Not quite the huge selection found in some of the buffets in Silicon Valley, but it was all good.  Hard to believe that any other Indian buffet in Vegas will beat this spot for quality and value, this is now our go-to Indian restaurant for Vegas.
My husband and I must have gone here on a REALLY off day for them. :/ We ate at the AYCE lunch buffet and I felt like we were eating their scraps. Food wasn't hot...just warm enough to eat. The chicken and lamb was dry. They forgot our drink orders and then when they finally did come out, they got our order wrong. The food was just ok...some of it was not edible though. I hate wasting food, so I usually eat it if I don't think it's the best...but some of it, I just couldn't eat because it was either too dry or just didn't taste right. I hate to say it but I would never come back here again, especially since we have found better.
Lunch buffet $10.99. Yummy garlic naan!!
One of the best Indian buffets in Vegas for a great price $10.99. The curries are amazing and tasty. Spices were phenomenal. From the outside appearance it looks like a "hole in the wall" but the interior was clean and pleasant. Near strip, I highly recommend Mt. Everest. We would go there more often f we lived closer.
Went in for the lunch Buffet -- I believe it was like $10.95 . Anyways, food was good- they could have filled up buffet  a little more  ( as everyone was taking all of the chicken), but overall very good. The decor could use some sprucing up and cleaning but overall great indian at a good price with good service.
Did a lot of Yelp searching for indian restaurant for dinner on our stay here in Las Vegas. That led us here and we loved it. Environment is delightful. White linen tablecloth. Private booth. Enjoyed Navarattan Korma and Paleek Paneer and garlic naan, mango chutney, tasty mango lassi. Delicious and authentic. And great service. Owner very hospitable. We loved it!
I visited this restaurant last night while in town on a business trip based on previous reviewers from yelp. I was glad that the outward appearance of the restaurant had been mentioned, as it may have kept me from going in if I had just been driving by. Once you enter though, it's a great environment with the white tablecloths and napkins. As someone dining alone, I particularly enjoyed the Bollywood playing in the corner. It kept me entertained while I was waiting for my food, which was an excellent break from the standard of playing with my phone. I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, which is my basis for judging a restaurant (much like Pad Thai at a Thai restaurant). The sauce was amazingly creamy, and had a slow burn to it, which I find the hallmark of a good sauce. I want the spice, but not at the expense of the flavor. The naan was perfect with a crispy edge and soft center. Ideal for sopping up the sauce. 

But even more than the food, the service was phenomenal. Everyone is very friendly, but give you your space. My water never got below half-way full, and I can put away water like a camel, so that's impressive. And when I had a problem, they were endlessly gracious and worked with me while I figured it out. Few restaurants would take the time or effort to come up with a mutually satisfying solution the way that they did.

End result: If I lived here, I'd weigh a million pounds because I would eat here all the time. As it is, I'll have to settle for stopping in every time I'm in town.
Well I knew it would take something really special for me to write my first ever Yelp review - and Mount Everest India's Cuisine did it!

I have eaten curry all around the world - London, New York, Los Angeles, Johannesburg, Mumbai - and by far the best Malai Kofta I have ever eaten was right here at Mount Everest in Vegas. Perfectly spiced, amazing flavor, exceptional texture.

Its conveniently just a few minutes from the strip, very reasonably priced, exceptionally friendly staff and just great food. Highly recommended!!!
Wow!  The first sign that Mt. Everest was going to be a good restaurant was the complex scent of spices that hit our noses.  The next sign was that it was crowded...and most of the customers were Indian.

We had chicken curry and kauli aloo and found them to be fragrant, tasty, and freshly prepared.  The garlic naan was great.

The staff was friendly and prompt. The prices were more than reasonable.
We literally just left this place. Yes, from the outside appearance you make be tempted to pass by, but I assure you the hospitality and interior setting makes up for it. All the staff are wonderful and attentive but not too assertive and in your face. Oh goodness the food... We had the Chicken Masala and the Chicken Curry, spice level #7 and we were not disappointed. The food was so delicious and comforting if that makes sense. My wife loves beer and she had the Taj Mahal which she said went very well with the Masala. Their Indian Chai tea was wonderful as well. Please order the garlic naan, so fresh and perfectly made. It was just an amazing experience, and I am huge on customer service so I thank the staff. Please go!
Myself and a bunch of coworkers go here for the lunch buffet and it always pleases. A decent amount of options for a reasonable price. I've yet to have a bad experience, the food is great and the service is good too. I definitely recommend it.
It was ok, loved the food, but the customer service needs a little work...but I will recommend to olthers...
YUM! 

The first time we came to Mount Everest was a year ago when we were in Vegas.  It was so good that when we came back to Vegas this year, we put it on our list of things to do.  I'm still trying to find an Indian place in AZ that's as good as this one. 

If you're a fan of chicken tikka masala, you have to try it at Mount Everest.  It's the BEST that I have ever tasted, and I'm just sad that I have to come all the way to Las Vegas to get it.  It was even better than I remembered and I ate way too much just because it tasted so good I didn't want to stop eating it.  The garlic naan is also delicious.  The service is friendly and attentive, and the location cozy (in a good way).  I wish I could buy the food in bulk and ship it to AZ!  

We'll be back, for sure.  If you're in the Vegas area looking for great Indian food, this is the place to be!
Great service by the friendly staff and owner and rich, tasty food in generous portions! This food leaves you truly satisfied, not just full.
I've been there for lunch and I've been there for dinner. This is my favorite Indian food in Las Vegas. The flavors are all there, but it's not as expensive as many other Indian restaurants in town that I find to have less appealing food.

As far as buffets go, their lunch buffet is excellent. They always have several of my favorite Indian dishes available and they keep the warm, fresh, pillowy naan bread coming. The only problem I have is that I overeat every time I come here for the lunch buffet.

Last night was my first time trying their dinner menu, and it was so delicious. We started with vegetable samosas which were cooked very well. The had a perfect crisp on the outside and beautifully seasoned potato filling inside. Then for our entrees, I ordered Lamb Vindaloo and my wife ordered Chicken Kurma, and we both ordered garic naan to go with it. (Unlike many other Indian restaurants in town, Mt. Everest doesn't charge extra for rice. I very much appreciated that.). The Lamb Vindaloo was the best I've had. So flavorful! The Kurma was very tasty, but a little too sweet for my tastes. My wife loved it though and couldn't stop raving about it the entire meal. She's already mentioned to me how much she's looking forward to eating her leftovers.

Somebody in a previous review seemed to think the fact it's in a building where a Burger King used to be, and in a predominantly Hispanic neighborhood is a bad thing. Me? I don't care where it is or what used to be there as long as delicious food and great service provided. This place has both. 

The owner even brought us out a free rice pudding for dessert for us to try. I don't think that's standard for all guests, but it was delicious. I would recommend Mt. Everest India's Cuisine to everybody.
My favorite indian food in Vegas! Always yummy and full of flavor. Service is usually on point. The reason I took off one star is brach of the ambiance. It's not so great. It's actually inside of a converted burger which, while converted, is still not the most tranquil setting. Also, not in the best area of town. That being said, I still love love love it and will continue to frequent the place!
Amazing food, great prices, excellent service. I'd happily come here again. Get the paneer pakora. It is excellent!
Just as fantastic as my last visit.  Great food, flavor was awesome, spice was out of this world.  My only suggestion would be to turn the A/C on.  The warm weather combined with the spice of the food makes for an uncomfortable visit.
Lunch Buffet.

Great food.  Service was mediocre, what with the owner/employee talking on the phone while tending customers.  But the food makes up for it.  Naan was fresh and soft, a decent amount of choices at the buffet.  But everything tasted amazing.

It is most definitely worth the trip away from the strip to come here.
Hands down the best Indian lunch buffet in Vegas. One in a while, they have the "carrot pudding" and it is amazing! Their paneer has great texture and in great texture, I mean it is soft enough to absorb flavor and hard enough to not break apart. The chefs at Everest know what they're doing!
If your in Vegas and your at all a fan of Indian food, stop here!

The neighborhood is a little sketchy and the place is an old fast food joint, but be brave. Inside it's comfortable and clean, and on the hot day that we visited it was cool. 

We had the sample plate that had a smattering of various Indian dishes, and all were very good. 

The owner and waiter were very nice and answered all questions we had about the food. 

We will go again next time we are in town.
we had a short vacation to vegas this year and Mt. Everest was the best thing that happened to us! we had both the lunch buffet and dinner here and was one of the best indian food places my wife and I have ever been to in the US! their naan and paneer dishes were made from scratch and you can taste the fresh ingredients cooked to perfection! service was great and the owner too was very friendly. i really look forward to visit this place again on our next trip. indian food lovers this place is a MUST VISIT during your vegas trip!
Best Indian food and Buffet in Las Vegas. A great value.
We decided to try this place based on it's pretty consistent Yelp reviews, and we're glad we did. A few reviewers have mentioned the sketchy surroundings, but I say if you can throw some carpet, a few tablecloths, and the drapes from an old bordello into a defunct Burger King and come up with a perfectly comfortable dining room, more power to ya! 
I have loved Indian food since I first discovered it during a brief sojourn in London, when it seemed that the only options were steak and kidney pie or starving to death. (I chose the latter. Valar Morghulis)! Anyway, as a person who considers curry to be more of a drug than a food, I'm usually prepared to like what I get in Indian restaurants, which is a little meat floating in a sea of delicious sauce which you happily sop up with some fluffy, toasty naan, and fill up on the rice.(I'm getting hungry again just thinking about it). The difference here was that there was plenty of tender, juicy meat in that sauce; apparently a side benefit of keeping the rent low. Hope they don't get too big for their britches and move to Summerlin. Goodbye, meat! 
I adore Chicken Korma and theirs was perfect; rich creamy sauce with just a little sweetness and those complex, spicy undertones that keep you coming back for more bites long after you're full. Chicken Tikka and tandoori were both served sizzling and still moist and juicy. The favorite appetizer, in a unanimous vote, was the lamb samosas. They were golden little pockets of pastry stuffed with seasoned, finely ground lamb, but the best thing was what wasn't there: My sister didn't find a hard thing. Mind you, if there is ground meat involved, be it burgers, sausage, meatballs, whatever, she ALWAYS gets the hard thing, and the rest of us have to suffer along with her. It's one of life's little miracles that she didn't, and practically worth a sixth star.
Will definitely return to try the lunch buffet, but don't be surprised if they raise the price after our visit.
Don't judge a book by it's cover! The outside may appear to have been a former fast food joint, but inside you will find a great Indian restaurant with a good selection of Indian dishes. Lunch time prices are reasonable and the establishment got pretty busy within minutes after opening. Good sign! My wife and I were impressed with the selection from the saagaloo, to the chicken tika and tika masala. This restaurant is about 2 miles west of the strip near Palace Station Casino (The Casino where OJ finally got arrested). This Indian restaurant as well as Taj Palace, located in Henderson, are my two favorite Indian restaurants.
We've been here for dinner several times and tried out the lunch buffet.  

If you're going for the lunch buffet, try to plan around traditional lunch times because it gets BUSY and there is about 3 square feet of waiting area directly in front of the door.  

That being said, this is our favorite Indian food restaurant so far.  The service is maybe a little slow (even when they are not busy), but the food is worth it.  The hubs sticks to the standard tikka masala, but we've had the Jel Frezi and Vindaloo as well.  Everything was fantastic.  

The lunch buffet is a great way to sample a bunch of their foods too.  

We'll definitely be going back for more!
I've never gone here for dinner, only for the lunch buffet.

If you enjoy eating a lot of meat, you'll probably be disappointed with the lunch buffet. But, that's normal for most Indian buffets I've been to. I usually only eat the vegetarian dishes.

The naan is better than most I've tried. It's soft and thick, rather than the tortilla-bread-like naan you find at some places.

They also have basic potato samosas and vegetable pakora. 

Sadly, I don't get to come as often, because I don't work nearby anymore. :(
We have eaten here a couple of times now. Their entrees (especially paalak paneer and tarka dal) taste fresh and delicious. Garlic naan and tandoori roti were good but we won't order the onion kulcha again. Also, save your money and don't get the aloo tikki appetizer.

The reason I am not giving them 4 stars is because we did not enjoy our dinner experience last Saturday because the service went at a snail's pace and we waited for 40 mins between our appetizers and main courses!! The manager went around asking how everything was, but he had moved on to the next table before he hearing our reply. It was clear that he was doing his job half-heartedly and did not really care about his customers.
The outside of the restaurant does no justice to the restaurant. If I had not read the reviews, we would turn and drive away. I have been here for Buffett and it was pretty good with a very nice lamb curry. Tonight we are here for a take out. Unfortunately we waited for over 30min for our food. Like all Indian foods, the potions are surprisingly small during dinner specially if you are used to Indian buffets. The quality of the food is good. Overall I rather go to Indian when they have Buffett.
This Indian food was soo delicious. It was not too expensive. My friend and I split a Veg Thali special and it was more than enough. So much flavor. Wish I never got full so I could keep eating.
This was a nice little find off the strip. We came for the lunch buffet which was $10.99/person. 

BUFFET ITEMS:Vegetable korma, yellow daal, chana masala, vegetable samosa, sweet rice, basmati rice, vegetable pakora, chicken tandoori, chili chicken, chicken makhani, chicken curry, goat curry and the BEST part was that they had my favorite GULAB JAMUN!! 

The chicken curry was very flavorful, it had a great balance of creaminess and spices. It also contained big chunks of chicken which is what most people tend to skimp on (abundance of protein is always a plus in a buffet dish). I was surprised that they had goat curry (gamey stuff is not my cup of tea so this one I did not try). The gulab jamun were little balls of perfection. 

SERVICE: our server was very attentive and quick to refill our glass of water.

I subtracted a star b/c although the gulab was legit, they only had the gulab and rice pudding for dessert. There was no mango pudding or the carrot halwa the sweet carrot dessert, but I guess you can't have everything. I also wasn't a fan of their naan that they offered. A good naan has a little bit of crispiness and SOME flavor. This NAAN HAD NO FLAVOR whatsoever and was very thick and heavy. It was more of a PITA than a NAAN. 
                  
For $10.99, I would come again.
My Favorite Biryani spot! I had visitors in town so we came here for dinner. As always, Prakash was amazing. Even though he was busy entertaining the other guests, he came by to check on us. We had lamb biryani & chicken biryani last night. It was delicious!. We enjoyed it to the max. The Chai Masala was yummy too. I've been here so many times and their food has always been the best. My friends was happy with the dishes ordered. I would recommend all my friends to come have buffet lunch or dinner at Mount Everest India's Cuisine. Thanks for being AWESOME!
It was my first time having Indian food so I was excited to try Mount Everest. I went for dinner with a group of 7 people. We didn't make a reservation but they were still able to accommodate us pretty quickly. We ordered paneer pakora and chicken pakora as appetizers, both which were really good. They also offered free papadom along side the appetizers. Most of us ordered chicken entrees, all which were pretty delicious. A friend of mine ordered the prawn vindaloo which I really liked. The dishes were rich and spicy and there was enough where we could share with each other. 

I would definitely come back. The prices were good and the staff was attentive and friendly. The only thing that got me is that I thought the restaurant would be bigger than I expected but other than that, I liked Mt. Everest.
Dive into this incredible buffet 10 bucks. 5star   I love Indian, and they do it really great here, and you cannot beat the price.  Small place in the ghetto, sahara and valley view, not too ghetto, but still, its not pretty on this corner, but inside, you forget about it quick when you start salivating at the door, and running to the buffet like a wild animal ready to eat yourself silly.  Take a breath, its ok, this place will give you everything you need.   Every indian spice is in something, the quality and freshness is stellar!   Hightly recommended, just see the other reviews, dont take my word for it, try it and take you own word, its amazing!
We had dinner one night and came back a few days later for the lunch buffet.   Both were excellent. We've tried a few other places on the strip but this place is far better.   Worth the short side trip. One of the best indian restaurants I've been to in a ling time.   Service was fast courteous and friendly.  Food was authentically delicious.
The selection of really good Indian Restaurants in Las Vegas is somewhat limited, but thank goodness for Mount Everest. From the outside it looks like a converted fast-food joint (used to be a Burger King) but inside the decor and atmosphere are what you would expect in an authentic upscale Indian Restaurant offering fine dining. To cut a long story short, I have eaten at Mount Everest on several occasions. The food is excellent as is the service, portions are generous and the prices are very reasonable. I have tried many Indian restaurants in Vegas and none of them come close to Mount Everest - highly recommended.
I feel drunk after dinner not because of drinks but with all the great spices they have on the food. 

We had Chicken Tikka Masala and Prawn Vindulo with Garlic Naan. The flavors were all great especially the Masala. I think it's the best one I've ever tasted. The portion size was also just right compared to the other Indian restaurants I've been too. 

The only downside is the service that's why I'm giving it 4 stars. The servers were very nice but they were short handed. They need more people there. 

We will be back for sure!
If you like Indian food, this is the place to go in Vegas! Pleasant atmosphere, waiters are very friendly. And the food.....first, he naan bread is the best I ever had in the USA or Europe, I had a chicken korma , it was perfect, creamy, delicate and a big portion. love this place, will be back soon!!
Great food, good vibes. The onion bread was off the charts! Go for lunch and enjoy the buffet. The samosas, oh the samosas!
Food is really good but dinner portions to go are TINY. I spent $10 on my favorite cauliflower dish that was really small and half of it was potatoes!! Highly disappointed by the portion size considering how much it costs and that you can have all you can eat at the lunch buffet for the price of 1 small dinner dish. Best bet is just to go for the lunch buffet unless you have extra money to spend on multiple dinner dishes. We spent $60 on dinner for about the same amount of food we eat at the lunch buffet. 
Maybe I'm just a gluttonous pig =)
After seeing the great reviews on Yelp, I decided to try out Mount Everest India's Cuisine. I had never tried Indian food before, and wanted to try something new for dinner so I brought along my two buddies for the ride. 

Upon arriving, we were greeted with quick and prompt service, which was a very big plus in my book. All the workers there were very kind, and quickly assisted us with whatever we needed. My friends and I wanted to try different things and share, so we ordered a prawn curry, chicken biriyani, garlic naan, and a very very spicy chicken biriyani.

When the food arrived, I felt like I was in heaven! Everything smelled so good and looked so flavorful, I immediately started to dig in. 
-The garlic naan was amazing, and felt like it just melted in my mouth. I even ordered another round because it was SO GOOD. 
-The prawn curry was the right amount of spicy for me and very delicious. It was big enough for us to split between 3 people.
-The chicken biriyani was very flavorful and had tender chunks of chicken mixed inside. It was definitely something I would order again!

My first trip to an Indian restaurant was a good one. I hope to come back sometime soon and try out something new!
Mt. Everest has amazing food!! I came here for the $10.99 buffet and was amazed at the quality of food. The servers were also very attentive. The buffet had authentic Indian/Pakistani food that would rival any other Indian Restaurant in Las Vegas. Will definitely be back again
This was a really great place to go with my bestie!  We love to try lots of things and at the lunch buffet price who could argue!  It is a small place and I wondered how come there wasn't a line to eat this yumminess!  We went around 1pm to miss the lunch rush...I think we did right :)  Can't wait to go back
I'm a indian food lover and had a indian craving while on mini vacay in Vegas. Stumbled upon this place on yelp and due to the great reviews I decided to give this place a shot. We were greeted and sat immediately. The food on the buffet looked pretty good so we went with that. Oh boy, what a good life decision that was! Just about everything I put on my plate was above average in flavor. Usually at an indian buffet there are at least 2 items that get left on my plate...Not here, the only thing I didn't care for was the potato samosas, and that's strictly due to the too thick, not crispy pastry surrounding the well spiced potato filling. The butter chicken was good,made with a mix of white and dark meat,and had a nice deep flavor throughout the chicken and sauce.  The paneer palak was wonderful and flavorful with a kick of chilies, My partner in crime enjoyed the veggie Korma greatly, as did I, it was creamy, with well rounded flavors and tasted very unique compared to other veggie kormas I've had. Heck it put mine to shame! They didn't shy away from spice or heat as some indian places do to adapt to American palates and I dig them for it. Service was a bit slow, plates weren't cleared as fast as I would've liked them to be, and my water glass was parched a few times but I'll cut them some slack for being a bit short staffed the day we went. Overall it was great!
Been back pretty much once a week and everything is good as always. Food is always hot and fresh and never dried out. Prakash always gives me extra paneer when they're out. Nice guy.
Great food! And better yet, great service. A great alternative if you want to get away from the strip. Trust me I was skeptical at first, like you, who is currently reading this (4th wall) but it was worth the risk. Excellent Indian food.
Saw the previews, went to try it out last night. Good was good but the price was kinda high compared to the taste of the food. Overall, it was great!!!
I used to dislike ethnic cuisines. Thats when i was stupid. Now that i have more food experience indian food is one of my new faves.  

Love love love. This place is amazing. I'm completely addicted to their garlic naan and braised goat. Just delish. I never liked Indian food before and this place changed my mind completely. 

You must try everything here. The spices and sauces are perfect.
Had a dinner for two here during a weekday and ordered their Mount Everest Thali special for $21.99.  It was just the right amount of food for heavy eaters like us but would probably be too much for the average appetite.  The quality is above average and quite enjoyable, kinda like good home cooking.  The restaurant was quite clean and the service was friendly and prompt despite the restaurant being more than half occupied.  I can't recommend getting their thali combos enough.  It's like getting a tasting menu as you'll get quite a good variety of staple Indian dishes. Overall, I'd eat here again.  You get so much eating satisfaction for the money.
Great Indian food. The owners it's always welcoming. Family owned and Pops are in the kitchen! Authentic, affordable and great overall. Cheese and Peppers dish, lamb curry and the winner: Naan
Awesome Authentic Indian food.

We were bunch of Indian guys who are very finicky about Indian food. After a long tiring weekend, we wanted to have Indian food to energize.

It is the most authentic Indian food that you can taste. I usually judge the restaurant through their Yellow Dal (Dal Fry) dish as that is the most basic dish. It was simply amazing.

I loved all the vegetarian options for sure.

Would definitely go there If I am in Vegas again.
Another favorite in Vegas definitely the best Indian in town! I've been to the lunch buffet and the a la carte dinner. While the buffet is certainly worth the price I love coming for dinner so that I can order exactly what I want! 

The garlic naan is a MUST. And I recommend it with some plain yogurt on the side! For main courses I really love the lamb (or vegetable) korma and the chicken tiki masala. I get both on medium (5) level and it still has a good amount of spice!! I'd say those two sauces are my favorites since I've tried others that are not as memorable to me. I don't love the chicken tikka but probably only because I'm a big sauce girl! I also really enjoy the okra vegetable dish! Full of flavor!

Though the talk of slow service is true I'd say the food is too good to pass up and don't mind the service. I also like to finish my meal with a chai tea at the end. Overall great place eating so many delicious spices just makes me feel very warm and calm on the inside I would definitely consider this "comfort food"
Just delicious!!  I can't handle too much spice and this had JUST the right amount.  There was such a variety of foods at the lunch buffett.  For $10.99, you can't go wrong.

And the staff were so friendly!
Great lunch buffet.  Loved their malai kofta!  And their service cannot be beat.  The owner is such a nice gentleman.  He let us stay past closing as we waited for a cab to come get us.  My only critique is that it isn't closer to the strip and therefore isn't as easy to get to.  More people need to make this a stop on their trips to Vegas!!!!  Great food and great service!!!
Love this place!  Awesome lunch buffet!   Don't let the outside fool you.  This place is nice!  Food is fresh.  Good.  Service great!
AYCE Indian Lunch Buffet review!

From the FIRST bite...BAM!  More spices, a little more heat, and much more FLAVOR than all the other lunch buffets I've been to so far!

Indian food is like Thai food to me...the more spicy it is, the better it tastes!  You get much more flavor and depth in the curries and misc, so it's much more enjoyable!

And the Garlic Naan of course! The most "garlicky" I've had...so much flavor...yum!  I think we ate three baskets while we were here LOL.

Super cheap prices...gonna be hard to beat at only $10-11!  Weeeee

Pics :
I went there for a lunch buffet with a group of 4 people during our visit to Las Vegas. Food was decent. Being an Indian, I would expect the items on the buffet to be little bit hot and spicy, but it wasn't the case here. Some of the dishes were sweet with little or no salt. That is the reason i gave it 4 stars. The garlic naans served was great. The kheer, gulab jamun and sweet honey rice were good. Overall I recommend it. Will definitely visit the next time i come to visit Vegas.
Their $11 lunch buffet is amazing! Truly an amazing deal and you're really getting wonderful food at such a great price. When I arrived a few minutes after my friend, we already had a basket of fresh Naan and waters. The naan was fluffy, tasty, crispy, and just so scrumptious.

The selection was awesome!! The dishes that stood out for me were the Basmati Rice, Vegetable Korma (vegetables in creamy sauce), Vegetable Samosa (baked pastry with spiced potato mix), and Tandoori Chicken (roasted chicken marinated with spices). My absolute favorite dish had to be the Chicken Makhani (chicken in creamy tomato based gravy); oh my goodness, it was so, so delicious! Amazing flavor and it went well with EVERYTHING. The naan, rice, and even the samosas! I really liked the samosas as well because the pastry was extremely tasty and wonderfully crunchy. The potato mixture inside was also delightful. We also tried the Chicken Curry and Goat Curry, both prepared with the respective meats, tomatoes, and spices. Good, but overshadowed by the amazing Makhani! The Aloo Baingan (eggplant with potatoes) was tasty and prepared very well, but not something I loved. The last item I tried was the Chili Chicken (chicken with garlic, green chili, and onion), but I didn't like it; plus, it was way too spicy for me.

Service was really great too! Our waters were refilled quickly and frequently. We also received a Naan refill promptly. I was extremely pleased with the whole experience! This is seriously great food and I can't wait to go back!
TOo hyped-up. 

Service was slow, food was not super hot, at a level 5, I couldn't taste any spicy-ness
... vegetable khorma was good...tikka massala could've been better

I do have to say that the Garlic Naan and the raita were amazing

 I miss LA Indian food :(
I have now been to this place 2 times for their lunch buffet. I can't give this place 5 stars, but they are better than 4 stars. A 4.5 is what I'd truly rate this place. The vegetarian options are delicious. Don't know all the names but I can say that what I ate was definitely tasty. The best dish, however is a toss up between their chili chicken and rice pudding dessert. For very different reasons each dish is Tasty. The chili chicken has heat and a delectable blend of spices. The rice pudding is just sweet enough and a refreshing end to a meal filled with spicy goodness. If you're a fan of Indian cuisine or first timer, I'd suggest you try this place. There is something for everyone. And if it counts for anything, my Indian coworker says Mt Everest is better than mint and India Marsala.
not bad at all.. food was not spicy enough.. usually a 5 out of 10 is spicy for me.. we had to add hot sauce.. fairly priced.. decent food
The only one!
I wanted to stray from cuisine I was already familiar with, so I grabbed a handful of friends who were up for something new and came here after looking at some reviews. It was our first time trying Indian food, and I have to say, I do quite like it!

An $11 lunch buffet is a great price. There's a lot of room in there, and there is variety in the dishes from what I can tell. I spooned a little bit of everything on my plate and nearly everything I tried I was a fan of. The naan came, and the garlic naan was as good as everyone on Yelp had said. My friends were also fans of the sweet rice. I think it paired perfectly with the chicken curry.

The service was awesome, too! Being first timers, they were all very helpful. They made more sweet rice for us even when they were around 10 minutes away from closing and didn't hesitate to let us know what the fennel was for by the entrance. Lol. Overall, this place is a great experience for those who want to try it!
I like this place, Everything is fresh, the restaurant is clean, and the prices are reasonable, I would definitely recommend them.
Lunch buffet was good - can't say it was the best indian food i ever had -But good. We got there around 1 saturday afternoon-  waited for a table just a few minutes. Every thing was good - is it possible foods were heavier than other indian restaurants? I thought the foods were heavier. They did not serve garlic nan - just regular nan - disappointed a little bit. I would recommend this place  - good place for something different  - but i don't think i would come back soon.
Great value. Great food. Friendly people. Defiantly worth stopping in if you are up for an Indian lunch buffet.
My favorite neighborhood food! Always on point with deliciousness and a smile! Great great GREAT food and really reasonable prices! The buffet is a go to! And they are open late!  And they have they Buffett everyday! Boom!
This is the place for a great Indian lunch buffet!  There were a lot of excellent vegetarian options, chicken and really good fresh garlic nan.  Also a very friendly host who took good care of us. I'll look forward to lunch here again.
This place was awesome!  Seriously as good as it gets, especially out in middle of nowhere Las Vegas.  Super authentic, great food, and gigantic portions.  Very simple establishment and totally worth it.  You totally get what you pay for at Mount Everest.
Get the Samosa Chat...thank me later
If you are an Indian food lover, the smell when you walk into what surely was once a fast food chain will slap you in the face and get your mouth watering. The menu will only frustrate, as everything looks great. I went with the vindaloo (lamb), an order of naan, and $5 glass of merlot. The merlot was about what you can expect for $5. The naan was a scoach undercooked and bland. The vindaloo was damn-near perfect. The waiter simply asked if I like spicy (no number game), and the dish was the just the right amount to get your tongue tingling, but not overwhelming. Sure the decor maybe flavorless and the staff unprofessional (a busser/assistant in a stocking hat?), but the spices are dead on. I plan many 'o follow-up at the summit of Everest.
Absolutely fantastic food - best Indian food I've ever had.  (And I've had a lot.)  Not knowing what some of the items were, I asked and the owner himself (Pravat or something like that - hard to remember foreign names - my bad) came over and answered everything to a tee.  My family and I are in LV once a year and will certainly be back in 2014.
Delicious, with excellent selection. Don't let the exterior fool you, the food is amazing. Without the reviews on yelp we may have drove right by.
My husband and I went to have some dinner and we didn't realize the time. The restaurant was actually closed and the owner Prakash welcomed us and gave us the option to order take out. We really appreciated that, and we were worried that his staff would be upset with us for ruining their closing routine! Prakash was so nice and he took our order and we even ordered extra sides after we had put the original order in, and he still accommodated us. We will definitely come here again within hours when we are in town next time. The food was amazing spicy and fresh. We absolutely loved it!
Chicken vindaloo is incredible. The manager gave us a great personal touch and recommended dinner. We tried both the cheese and garlic bread, and my friend had chicken makhani. The vindaloo melted in my mouth and the makhani sauce was superb over rice. Incredible place to have my first time eating Indian food.
Came for dinner and had both the garlic naan and the cheese naan. Both were amazing and moist. Fresh out of the oven. Had also Chicken Makhani and Chicken vindaloo. The Chicken Makhani was sweet to the taste and saucy. The Chicken Vindaloo was mild but just the right kind of spicy kick for me. Both sauce is great for dipping the naan. I highly recommend this restaurant!
I drove all away from Utah to have their chicken tikka masala with garlic naan. INCREDIBLE!  Best combination of spices I have ever tasted.

Not only was the food amazing but the service was incomparable!

I will be making the trip just for this restaurant. You won't be sorry!
I'm no Indian food expert but you can stamp my Indian food non-expert seal of approval for Mount Everest. It is an All You Can Eat Indian buffet with all sorts of Indian dishes for just $10.99.  Believe me when this very reasonable price of $10.99 is worth way more than the price you pay. Each time I've been here for lunch it's been packed with people spilling out while waiting for tables to free up.  There's even not a lot of parking.  Most of the time these are good signs of how delicious a place is and this was the case here. Is it authentic Indian? I wouldn't know but a few of my vo-workers from India like them too, though I haven't seen others from India dine here at the same time as me.

I never asked what a dish was or what's inside so all I can say is that I enjoyed them all, the green stuff, the orange stuff, the yellow and brown stuff, the stuffed bread stuff, and the fried battered stuff, all very delicious. They were labeled but I don't remember what each was because I usually sample them all. There was a red chicken, not to be mistaken for char sui, and another meat dish. Ask for the Garlic Naan, the freshest right out of the oven?? the better.  They do have non-buffet options.

It use to be a Burger King so imagine that kind of space on the inside and they have a TV playing films from India. Customer service is usually fast and friendly so the only reason that I think there's a long wait is because they are very good and those there first are enjoying the goods.
Worth the trip off the strip!  The curries here are so good!  My only complaint is that I wish the free naan that they give with the buffet was garlic naan instead of plain :(  But the plain naan was delicious too.  I will be sure to come back during my next trip to vegas!
I went here seeing 4.5 stars at yelp . This restaurant is not even 1 star . Food is terrible & service is worst. They offer only plain naan , neither rotis nor garlic naan . Appetizers samosas pakoras were not fresh , must be previous days left overs . Do yourself a favor and go to mint for a satisfying indian buffet.
tried this last night .. 

Found on Yelp and have to agree with reviews.. great food service was wonderful and very well priced.. 

How you could buy a burger when this place is around...
This is a place my wife and I keep going back to. Such great food and the people are very nice.
A usual place of mine.
This place serves great food! We highly recommend coming here during their lunch hour for the buffet so that you can try a variety of food and save a lot of money.

What I did find rather funny and unusual was a conversation I had with the waiter.  I asked for garlic butter naan and the way he answered the question and what he said was really weird. It wasn't until after my boyfriend and I left that I laughed about it. He said they weren't making garlic naan because if they did, people would come to their restaurant and it'll be too busy. Haha isn't that what you want? Then he kept going and said "we're going to continue serving it after the holidays. And we don't have it because it takes too long to make." Hahaha I didn't understand all the excuses. So I just said "it's all right. Not a big deal." Although I was a little disappointed they didn't have the garlic butter naan because I always order it when I go to an Indian restaurant.
Had a craving for Indian food and Mount Everest was recommended by my cab driver. Started off with a chicken tikka plate that came out looking great because it was sizzling but after a closer inspection, i noticed it was doused in red color dye and no marination or flavor. I then had some butter chicken which had too much spice and not enough flavor. I did enjoy the naan bread however which was fluffy and soft. Needless to say- i did not take the leftovers.
The tandoori chicken, yellow curry and naan is great! I'll be back!
Girlfriend brought me here at 2:30, just 30 minutes before they close the buffet. Normally I would never go to a buffet right before they close because of the poor food choices that are left but this is not the case! All the food was still being replaced and hot and ready. The chicken curry and sweet rice were especially delicious! Price is cheap too. Only $10.99 for a Indian buffet for kings? Yes please! Will definitely recommend to friends and return for more!
Decent food. Better than most Indian restaurants in Vegas. Service is OK. Food isn't oily.
I don't why this hotel is rated high. It's a Pathetic restaurant . Actually I am right now in the restaurant. They have a buffet lunch. Once I took the curries I was told I will get the naan but I had to wait 30mins until I went and ask for it again. Atmosphere sucks. I would better have gone to some gas station and got Pringles.
Lunch buffet was fabulous! A good number and variety of dishes to choose from. Friendly and attentive staff as well. Must try if you like Indian.
SUPERB!!!!! This food was so full of flavor and the owner and his son were wonderful hosts! We were in vegas for my birthday and I was craving Indian food so I looked on yelp and found Mount Everest. When we first arrived we were greeted with a smile and seated right away. Just by reading the menu we knew we were in for an amazing food experience. We ordered somosa, chicken tikka masala, and tandori chicken. The food was absolutely outstanding! the spices and flavors were a little spicy but too good to not eat!! Since we left Vegas I have been craving the same experience but have not been able to find something remotely close. Literally, THE BEST INDIAN FOOD I've ever had
I went to this restaurant after checking out yelp and I am pleasantly surprised. They have great food and the owner was really friendly. Since we came in on New Year's Day, he gave the ladies in our party roses, which was so nice! The green chutney was spicy and delicious. Garlic naan was also delicious. Best ones I've ever tasted. I would definitely come back when I'm back in town.
Great AYCE Indian food for the price and I will be going back soon. There was a constant stream of people coming in for the lunch buffet so you may have to plan ahead if you don't have a lot of time. For a small buffet it had a great mix of sweet, savory, and spicy flavors. Everyone in my group left satisfied.
Absolutely amazing food, great service! Better than a lot of the curry houses in town. The place is clean and the staff is friendly. I watched a woman hand dry the dishes after they were washed one by one. It shows they care. Please visit and enjoy!
I'm very picky when it comes to food from my culture, especially in Vegas because there are so few options for good Indian food.  My first time here, and in between my 2nd and 3rd plate, I have to say it has hit the spot. All the food is extremely flavorful and hits every part of palette.  

The curry chicken, tandoori chicken and butter chicken with the butter naan are delicious. Squeeze a little lemon and your good to go. The service is good and everyone is very friendly.  

I will be coming back here for the lunch buffet and this place has instantly become my favorite Indian restaurant in town.
***THIS IS A REVIEW FOR THE LUNCH BUFFET.  I HAVE NOT BEEN THERE FOR DINNER***

Wow, I was a little surprised.   I had heard so many good things.  Perhaps this was just an "off" day for their lunch buffet.

Let me explain that we were not treated badly, we were just ignored for the most part.  I tried almost everything on the buffet and I enjoy eating Indian food and was looking forward to lunch here since the day before since I had never been.

That said... 

I have been to several different Indian places here in town and after reading other reviews I didn't know exactly what to expect.

The service was barely there and the lunch buffet (about an hour and a half into service) was messy.  The steam table was occasionally being "refilled" instead of changed out.  At least, theoretically, the food that was there at the beginning would only last till the end of the lunch hours. There were a few other cleanliness issues but I'll leave it at that.  

The tap water served in the cloudy glass could not be overlooked. 

The items on the lunch buffet itself, some overcooked, were just okay at best.  Other items bear only slight resemblance to the preparations I've had at other Indian places.  I really do enjoy Indian food and I really went into this WANTING to like this place.   

There are a lot of Indian lunch buffets in Las Vegas and if you have the means to go to a different one... *sigh* ...go.
Phenomenal service, extraordinary food, and a spot in Las Vegas that no one knows about. I bring my Asian, white, and Hispanic friends here all the time. And every time, they are amazed by this culture. Any restaurant that can impress all cultures is an extremely rare thing. 

Three key elements

FOOD: 10/10 

Reason being is because the food here is diverse and encompasses all common aspects of Indian food. Unfortunately, most places offer one or two specialities, and the rest is bland. Ever dish at Mt. Everest is a speciality because I can't find any other place with better food.  NO GREASE, NO FUSS, AND LOTS OF VARIETY! FOR UNDER 12 FOR A LUNCH BUFFET. their fresh baked bread I could eat all by itself! 

SERVICE: 10/10

the owner himself, pradesh, was walking around to greet, and serve the customers. Any owner that is willing to clean and pick up dishes, is a phenominal manager in my name. And I have worked in food industry as a floor manager for 3 years. Extremely friendly, and sincere. Two things that are rare in this world! 

AUTHENTICITY: 

My best friend is very native to india and a wealthy person. He chooses this place over fine dining restaurants every time he visits me. There's nothing more to say. 

This place is the only Indian restaurant that will sincerely and fully impress you.

-Charles
Love the food and personnel at this restaurant. They always make it as hot as I want it This is, in my opinion the best Indian Restaurant in Vegas. I wish it was closer to our home so we could go more often
Fabulous food, friendly staff and no gimmicks. this place is by far the best Indian in vegas, choose how hot  you want your food with 10  being the hottest on the scale, hubby loves the jalfrezi  at 9 but  we have a tikka at 5.  Coming from the uk we are  used to great  Indian food. Mount Everest does not disappoint!
Come here very often. Good service,, good food,, at good price. i like shahi paneer and mutter paneer.
We were out of towners in Vegas for New Years who were craving Indian food. We decided to go to Mt. Everest and my gosh, we ABSOLUTELY loved it. The buffet had great vegetarian and meat selections. Every dish in the buffet tasted different than the last one and had so much flavor. I am Indian, so I know my Indian food. This place really reminded me of home cooked food. The owner and the servers were really attentive and made sure we always had naan and water on our table. They cleared out plates as soon as we were done. Because it was new years, the owner came and gave me and my friend a rose stem each and wished us a happy new year. It was a great gesture! (And no he wasn't hitting on us, we were there with our husbands!) He was genuinely a really nice person and they get an A++ in food as well as customer service!
Excellent food and service with a big smile! I had the vegetable thali, what a great way to sample the wonderful food here! I highly recommend. They also offer a nice beverage selection including wine, go and enjoy!
I was wondering if part of my less than "a-ok" experience was the result of dining alone. I often find that single diners don't get the same quality of service as larger parties - I've always thought that this is due to the lower expected tip - who knows.   In this case I ordered an appetizer, soup, and main course, but the soup came out first and while I was about 3 spoonfulls into the soup, the appetizer and main course arrived.  Of course, by the time I got to the main course it was cold.  When the manager visited the table to ask me how things were, I told him how the food had been served and his response was to smile and walk away.  Otherwise, the service was prompt and pleasant.

I had lamb filled samosa for appetizer which was overcooked and the meat dried out.  The Dahl (lentil soup) was watery and tasteless, and the $12 dish of lamb curry had about 7 small chunks of meat hidden in a lot of sauce.   For $2 extra I got about 2 tablespoons of chutney and another $2 for an equal amount of spiced pickles.  The best part of the dinner was the onion stuffed naan.

Mount Everest could be mistaken, both inside and out, for a fast food joint, except for the white cloth napkins and tablecloths.

Again, if 3 stars means A-OK, then this place should be 2 1/2 stars for Just OK.
Amazing food and the service outstanding! They owner even provided us free dessert and called us a cab to get back to the hotel. By the time we finished our dessert the cab was ready for us outside. My girlfriend and my 80 year old mom from Italy loved it! Thank you for a great meal, a charming restaurant that was easy to get to, and a lovely experience for the whole family.
The best indian food in Las Vegas.  Tandoori Grill and Chicken Curry are amazing!  This restaurant is a Gem!
Wow! Best Indian food by far! Everything tastes good and fresh! From the main courses to the soups! Its a bit heavy but you MUST order a naan bread when you are there! It complements the meal very well!
Food was Ok.  Probably won't be back.  Nothing special.  Mint Indian bistro is better.
I was pleasantly surprised. The location is a bit ghetto so I wasn't expecting the great food and service. The dinner was seasoned and cooked just right. Next time I'll try the lunch buffet.
This place is just okay. There are many rave reviews, and I feel like I may be missing something. I will give it another shot if I am in the area, but I don't see myself driving out of the way to eat here. Their buffet is fairly limited and most of the food lacked ANY spice factor. It was almost bland and some of it was overcooked. My favorite part was the rice and the naan. I did finish my small plate and had no desire for seconds. The meats were fatty and low quality and the buffet was not exactly cheap at $10.99 + tip. The owner seems like a nice gentleman and recognized my friend who worships this place. The service however was close to non existent and toward the end we felt rushed. I am a fan of Indian food and have sampled several places around town, and this would probably stack somewhere in the middle. I would be interested in trying their dinner items to see how they stack up in that category. Overall, just an okay Indian buffet with not much separating it from the rest of the pack other than the owner who seems to care about his return patrons.
My craving for Indian food comes once in a blue moon, and finally that blue moon was shining so bright!....Nah, just kidding, but as far as I can remember, the last times we've had Indian food was the CMYEs at Namaste and Mint, Walking to India Masala after helping set up for the first Nerdy Dancing and most recently, apps at Mantra Masala which was okay.

This called for a visit that was long overdue, so we scrolled down the list and picked the highest rated place in town which was Mt. Everest. At $10.99 for a lunch buffet of a pretty good spread that would please just about any palate:

Basmati and Sweet Rice, Jhukuni Aloo, Vegetable Samosas, Punjabi Kadi, Palak Paneer, Mattar Paneer, Gajar Halwa, Chicken Curry, Goat Curry, Chili Chicken, Chicken Makhani, Tandoori Chicken, Salad Bar, Assorted Chutneys, Naan, and Rice Pudding. I tried every offering once, then went back for seconds and thirds of my favorites, the sweet rice, goat curry, punjabi kadi, and both paneer dishes. Honestly one of the best lunch deals in town.

Service was great, water glasses and our naan basket was replenished quickly, and you can watch and listen to some Bollywood action while enjoying your meal. Looking forward to returning, and this time, no need to wait for that blue moon!.....ALOHA!!!

Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uu  4.5

YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(38/365) "Bomb Bites And Bollywood Beats"
We decided to give it a try for my friends birthday after reading lots of positive reviews here on yelp, and upon arrival we were seated immediately. Everyone else's food smelled so good when we first walked in, i was really excited, even though I don't typically care for Indian food. We ordered a bottle of wine and a few various dinners and naan, which we did wait a little while to actually receive, but it was so worth the wait. Everything was amazing! I had the Chicken Tikka Masala, which I would surely order again. The owner was also there making sure that everything was perfect, he even brought my friend out dessert for her birthday :) We will definitely make the trip back across town to eat here again.
The food here is incredible. I've been probably 20 times now and have never been disappointed. The customer service is great, and makes the meals all the better. I'll be back as often as I can. The owner (Prikash, sp?) consistently goes out of his way to make the dining experience even better.
This is the bomb Indian food buffet!!!! I eat here at least once every week or two. The food is excellent, always fresh, and the management is very friendly... would definitely suggest this restaurant to anyone who enjoys fine Indian food!!!!
Hands down the best Indian cuisine in Vegas.  Plakat Paneer (spinach & home made cheese) brings back incredible memories of Indian town in Singapore. ..doesn't get any more authentic than this. . And you can beat the $10.99 lunch buffet price!
Great customer service! I had surgery yesterday and my husband had promised to take me to Mt Everest afterwards - I was starving. We were running late and I called at 2:45 and begged them to place a carry out order (they close at 3:00). They saved the day, and let us pick up our order right after they closed. Great fresh food, with just the right amount of spice (they will kick it up to however hot you want no problem)!
Of all the Indian/Nepal buffets I've been to, this is the least salty and greasy. The taste
did not suffer in the least. It was, in fact, quite tasty. Not a huge selection, but a come-backer for sure. The staff was very helpful to ensure that I knew the vegan offerings, and brought me began naan bread as well.
Back in Vegas again for another short business trip and my coworker and I wanted to try something different. Something out of the normal. Came across this restaurant on yelp and thought this might be a new experience. I have to say that I loved the atmosphere of this place. Great scenery. Wanted to try some spices from the east. We ordered the chicken tiki masala which I certainly loved along with cheese nans. Wow perfect meal for what I was looking for. I only tried Indian food once before but it didn't catch my eye like it did this time. Might make it a weekly dish if I can find one as good back home. My coworker had lamb which I didn't enjoy as much. But overall great experience.
New fan FAVORITE!!  We have been in Las Vegas for about a year and we are slowly adding to our list of favorite ethnic restaurants. This place is TOPS!  The owner greeted us and instantly made a friend in my 4 yr old by giving her a high five. Gotta love a place that embraces kids!  The service was fantastic and the food was even better than fantastic. We can't wait to go back!  We devoured the chicken tiki masala and lamb curry. And let me not forget the 2 orders of garlic naan. We left stuffed, yet wanting more!  Until next time...
The best indian food in vegas without a doubt.  The service is superb!  Love the naan and chicken makhani!
I've been here for dinner about three times. The food takes a while to come out because it's made fresh from scratch. I'm not Indian BUT I have eaten food in many places; Bay area, Montreal, Calgary, Vancouver, London, So Cal, Australia...and this place ranks up there with the best. Lunch buffet may not be so impressive because the menu is "predictable" for those that aren't adventurous. Don't evern THINK about going to Bollywood over this place...EVER. That place is bad.
I guess I should have reviewed it the first time I went about 3 months back as that was a 5 star performance...Still was a good buffet but I left thinking...eh...4 stars. Maybe I just wasn't hungry enough today

The tandoori chicken was just a slight bit dry and we had to wait a bit for the naan to come out.

Overall a lot of Pros:

+Every dish had a unique curry flavor...wasn't the same curry taste in multiple dishes
+Food was hot and fresh...
+Food quality was good, you'd think you ordered a la carte
+Service was excellent...water was always refilled promptly
(the guy that gave one star and said they used tap water...not the case today)
+Love that paneer spinach and cheese thing
+Chili Chicken was good

We were there early enough so that when the cooks brought out the trays, they too took some plates of food from the tray into the back for themselves. For me that means no monkey business in the kitchen...you always assume there's not but I've seen too many episodes of Kitchen Nightmares.

The goat was so-so...kinda fatty and lots of bones, was hard to find a good piece in the whole tray...for $10.99 perhaps that's not enough to cover a lamb substitute and maintain profit.

I think what was missing today were my sweet monkey balls that seem to hit the desert spot and some beef korma...my favorite dish...I think they had it last time.

Despite this not being as good as I first remembered...it's still the best Indian buffet I've tried (been to about 3)

Overall a good spread and I will be back...call it 4.5 stars.
Really nice selection for a veggie lover like me.
Loved their buffet.
went back again, and will do so again next time.  great food, great service.  crappy neighborhood, but that's Vegas.
My favorite Indian restaurant in Vegas! Their food is very authentic, always fresh (as it is a popular lunch spot). Each time I go they offer a couple different items but still keep some familiar favorites, so it's hard to get tired of going to Mount Everest. Their staff is quick to clear your table during the lunch buffet, but if you're planning to go between 12 and 1, be prepared to wait a little bit because they get busy! 

Their tamarind sauce is the BEST.
Definitely my favorite Indian place in town. My wife and I eat here regularly, and it never fails to be amazing. The owner is super nice too, he remembers us and the fact that my wife loooooves super spicy food. I'm more of a mild food kinda guy, and they do that really well too. 

Not that the lunch buffet is mild, it's really good if that's what you want, but stick with dinner if you want super spicy. Also, if you ask nicely, they have an amazing jalapeo hot paste that you can add to your food!
I don't always eat Indian.....but when I do - I prefer Mt. Everest Las Vegas. 

After eating at Mt. Everest , it's all downhill. ha ha get it? that's right my friend, you will never have it as good.  
So far I have only been here for the lunch buffet. Here at least once a week. sometimes twice.  My only previous experience eating Indian was when I lived in nyc for 20 years. There is probably 2 million indian restaurants there....one for every cab driver. Let me tell you my friend, even the best one there could not compete with mt. everest. I remember the last place i used to eat at, called CHOLA. Supposedly it was great. Always packed with indians. Their food was always greasy and made me feel tired afterwards (probably from chemical, or cheap quality?)

Mt. everest is NOT like any other indian restaurant you have eaten in. The food is NOT greasy!!! The quality of the ingredients is fresh, and of high quality. I don't know how they do it...EVERY dish at that buffet is a solid TEN. 

I wish they would raise their buffet price to keep all the riff-raff like you yelpers out. Sadly, this place gets jam packed at lunch. 

The best part is that a corona is only $3.50. I really appreciate it when restaurants don't try to RAPE customers on liquor prices. Actually the food is the best part.

wait the best part is the great indian music videos on tv there...wow, those guys know how to deliver a show
Love this place! I've been here for dinner as well as the lunch buffet and haven't yet tried something I didn't love. Mount Everest is still my "go-to" Indian spot, despite having tried several others since my first visit. If they delivered, you bet your ass they'd be on their way to my house right now with a big bag of awesome. 

Yes, everything you've heard about the "rough" location is true, but the food makes up for it. It's not a huge place either, so prepare for claustrophobia during the busy times.
We love this place.  Travel from Henderson to eat here.  Staff is friendly and attentive.  Food is prepared exceptionally.  You can taste the individual flavors in all the dishes.
Awesome Food and Service.!
This place is absolutely amazing. Before I get to the food I want to say how nice the waiter was. I think he was the owner'a son and he was so nice and funny. He just came over and talked to us and wanted to see how our food was and if we were doing okay. 
AND NOW THE FOOD! 
We ordered the chicken tikka masala, chicken jal frezi, and dal tarka with basmati rice for the main course. All were very tasty and the chicken was so tender. For dessert we got the sweet balls and the rice pudding. OMG both were soo good! Oh and of course the garlic naan was amazing! I definitely recommend this place!
A little underwhelmed by the much-hyped Chicken Tikka Masala. Ordered take out, added on the garlic naan and galub jamon. Specified a spice level of 5/10 for my 'tikka and order was out in 10 minutes flat, with a large side of basmati rice.

Chicken tikka masala was a good size for the $13 price tag, which included the rice. Garlic naan was worth the upcharge: delicious, soft, and flavorful, with a garlic scent that wafted through my car as I drove home. 

My disappointment came when I finally tried my entree. For a spice level of 5, I tasted absolutely no spice. And the sauce had a sweetness to it that I am not familiar with. It wasn't necessarily bad, but the dish didn't have the kick to it I was craving. 
Chicken in dish was in large chunks, sauce was a smidge on the thin side.

Based on other reviews, I'm going to have to come back for the lunch buffet and reevaluate.
Some of the best Indian food I've had in a while! Being new to town, we stumbled upon this place driving around. Not much to look at from the outside but the food was very good. We arrived at lunch time so decided the best course of action was the buffet so we got to sample a large variety. 

Of note, the dishes used good quality cuts of meat (no nasty gristle surprised when you chomp down), service is good, and the flavors in the dishes are great. The only negative thing I can come up with is that the naan bread is a little "bready" for my liking.

I'll definitely be back and would recommend it to new and old Indian food eaters.
I'm beginning to feel like all Indian lunch buffets are the same...

While good, and flavorful, this place was no different... Just about all the indian joints I've been to have the same shit... Chicken Tandoori, Saag, Lentils, Chicken curry...

Whatever... I think I'm becoming disenchanted with Indian Buffets the older I get...
Great: food, ambiance, personnel, service! Just read Nelson Q.'s review.... nuff said! I'm coming back whenever I'm in Vegas :)
BEST PLACE ON EARTH!

My brother had to point out that it was a rather crappy part of town, but I didn't notice anything. Granted there were a lot of bail bond signs around and title loan locations, but that does not mean it is a bad part of town.

Walking into the place, I was hit in the face with the smells of India, but not like it hit me in the face with a metal bat, more like a large fluffy pillow. We were seated and given our menus. As some of the others on here have said the mixed platter is excellent, the waiter is also very hydrating.

I thought I was in Delhi while eating. Without the monkeys, or the 2 billion people around. It has been almost 24 hours and i am still stuffed. This place has made me rethink about the indian food I get in San Diego. I probably will never be the same again.

The one chick that works there, that we saw... like a 9 on the hotness scale too.
One of the best non vegetarian and vegetarian Indian restaurant I been to. Take it from someone from who lived in Indian for 20 years... Your buffet was amazing...
Best Indian buffet in Vegas. Restaurant is very clean and staff is always very friendly and attentive. Good selection of items on buffet and they are always hot and fresh.
Awesome Indian lunch buffet! Not only is the price great, the food is too!!
Of all the Indian places in Vegas... this is a frequent stop for me! I am pretty stuffed and satisfied everytime after dining here.  The restaurant seems like a family owned business and the customer service is wonderful!! They are super nice, friendly, and seem easy to get their attention if you need anything. There's also a TV playing in the corner with current Indian movies with plenty of bollywood dancing and hip current Indian music.  

The usual dishes we order are: 
 - appetizers: vegetable pakora and samosas, thinly spiced cracker (don't know the name of it - sorry)
 - main dishes : tandoori chicken, palak paneer, chicken korma, chicken makhani, lamb curry (rogan josh)
 - sides: garlic naan and rice

The appetizers are very tasty and a good size that come with a mint jutney sauce and a spicier sauce.  All the main dishes are very good also.  Warning though, if you ask for spicy... these dishes can definately make you sweat like a banshsee!! just ask my bf!! I like them milder and ask for mild or a level "3" and they are delish.  Maybe "5" or higher will be too spicy and possibly not enjoyable... but up to one's palate.  The tandoori chicken comes out on a sizzling plate and the chicken is so tender and tasty, always a safe bet.  The chicken makhani (butter chicken) is my absolute favorite! The korma and curry are pretty rich in spices and have very distinct flavors to the dishes.  I think the palak paneer is alright but reminds me more of creamed spinach - so maybe a pass.  

This place is small and cozy but usually hopping with customers.  The food may come out a bit slower when they are busy but it's worth the wait.  Always happy with the food and service here that makes me keep coming back for my Indian food fix!!  I really need to come for the lunch buffet which looks like a great deal for the same food.
Had their buffet and it was great! I love Indian food, but can't handle the spiciness of it...and didn't think the buffet was too spicy. So, if you love hot/spicy then you may want to order off of the main menu. I'll definitely be trying this place out again soon!
Went here based on reviews.  Probably drove by 100 times but never checked out.  It is a great restaurant, good service/great food/good pricing/ good selection.  Definitely will be back.
After talking about Indian food with Doriee D and Andrew C we decided to check this place out the next day for their lunch buffet which runs from 11 am to 3 pm daily. I usually like to order off the menu at places like this but for some reason it seems like Indian places in Vegas prefer to do buffet only for lunch. After seeing a bunch of positive friends' reviews of this place we figured it was a fairly safe and solid choice

Given the time we arrived, I'd say the buffet was still fairly full since the lunch buffet ends at 3 pm, however, we never saw it refilled while we were there. On my first plate I tried a little bit of everything which meant I had a pretty full plate to work through. The stand outs were the curry chicken, tandoori chicken, and chili chicken, which had a little kick to it. The veggie samosa and sweet basmati rice were ok...and are probably an acquired taste. Fresh naan was brought to our table and it was warm and delicious! Not burnt, old, or cold like some other places. After the first plate I was already pretty full and just got seconds of the chicken dishes I liked.

We wanted to try their milky balls =P for dessert but they were all gone by the time we were done eating so we had to settle for the sweet rice pudding instead, which I believe is called kheer? For $10.99 for an AYCE buffet the food was decent and I would come back the next time I have a craving for Indian food.
The food was okay.   I had malai kofta and it was too sweet and kofta was hard.  The waiter asked how was the food and I told him exactly how it was.   Next time I may try different dish.  The place was busy, assuming the food must be good but that's not the case.  I guess it depends what you order.
Best indian restaurant... great buffet during lunch hours
Can't be beat for the cost, and quality. Sauces made slow over 8 hours at a lunch buffet? Sign me up. I have to come here at least once or twice a month. Hand down man down, worth it.
Very good food! Nice crew! Recommend this place to everyone who likes indian cuisine!
This place was amazing! My boyfriend and I took his mom there for a late Mother's Day dinner. He had recently gone to India so she thought trying Indian good sounded good. We showed up and got seated right away. Very small, quiet place. All the employees were very nice and our server was very helpful with suggestions. There were 5 of us so we just got a bunch of different things to share. This dish I chose was the lamb masala! AMAZING!! Very sweet/spicy sauce and that lamb was cooked perfectly. By the end of the meal everyone was so full and the bill was very reasonable. Overall great experience and will definitely be back to try the lunch buffet!
Brilliant buffet- super spongy naan, crunchy pakoda and samosa were my favorites. If u r dying for some good Indian food, this place will definitely satisfy you
If you're in the mood for some authentic Indian food & spice this is a place to go... The food is absolutely fantastic down to the  Naan bread- spices are true to scale & flavors are on point! 
The location doesn't look like much when you first pull up; in fact might find yourself questioning your choice, but trust me you will get over it as soon as you try the food. 
Also, this is a very family oriented restaurant, so bring the kids and whoever else in your family tree. -B
The staff behaved very bad...if you ask them for "liquor menu" their reply is an arrogant "No" because you asked for a wrong menu...it's called the "Beer Menu" (not liquor...lol)

Food is average, not something exciting. All my rating is for the samosa and the Indian bread, which was always served hot! Very good service, even when it was crowded.

Overall a decent 2 star
Really good food. I'm an indian and knows what is a good indian good. Friendly and quick  service.  We ordered spicy food .. And loved it. Their dessert was average ..  Therefore giving 4.5 stars else would have given 5.
Awesome food, great taste, but takes a while for them to get you seated.
Well the fact that I drive half way across town..... At rush hour.... in 100+ heat.... Should tell you what you need to know,  the food and service are very very good.
I have tried several Indian restaurants in town and Mount Everest is by far my favorite. The food is great the prices are reasonable, and the service is fast! For dinner the Chicken Tikki Masala is amazing, and if you're looking for a good fast lunch their lunch buffet can't be beat.
The chicken tiki masala is delicious and the servers were so nice.  When we first pulled up we were not so sure because it looks small and old and in an older area but once you got inside it was ok and smelled so good.
Ask for garlic naan.  Best Indian cuisine lunch buffet in town.
After wanting to try this place on my last couple visits to Vegas, I finally made it there on Monday. The husband and I literally drove from Phoenix straight to Mount Everest for the lunch buffet. This buffet was no joke, the food on it was very good. We both felt it was one of the best Indian buffets we had been to. So much so, that I ate a ton of food and couldn't eat another thing for the rest of the day. Standout dishes were the chickpea curry, the sweet rice (never seen this before!), and the warm carrot dessert.... so tasty! The chicken tikka masala wasn't the best I'd ever had. Complaints include: we finished a full plate of food before getting the opportunity to ask for naan (they didn't bring any to us), our booth was in a weird corner you had to squeeze into, and their women's bathroom wasn't super clean (although I imagine that was from a recent customer and not due to a general lack of cleanliness). I would recommend this place to locals for sure.
This is typical family run Indian place ..just off the strip ..very enthusiastic guys and service is great .
Food is also nice . Decor could have been better but the guys friendly disposition makes for it ..the food is fresh and portion size is great .
Since my favorite Indian joint was shut down due to health code violations (come on, what are a few cockroaches when the food is amazing?) I decided to give this place a shot.  

I really liked it!  My date and I split the Mt. Everest dinner which had a little bit of everything and it was delish.  It was also more than enough food for the two of us! 

We also added an order of garlic naan and it was so tasty.  My only complaints are:  the paleek paneer only had one small chunk of paneer, and the service was pretty impersonal.  The prices were pretty average, and the location is not the best - but I do love a good hole in the wall from time to time.  

Will I go here again?  Yep, I'd love to.  Will I keep hunting for the a new go-to for Indian food?  Yeah.  This place was great but isn't quite as good as some other places I've been to.
For a lunch buffet, it's good quality and choices.  They have some exotic choices such as goat, along with the classic Indian dishes such as curry, saag (the best dish), and paneer.  It comes with an order of naan bread.  All of this for just above $10 is an awesome deal.

I ordered the mango lassi and it was too sweet.  That's probably the only real compliant.

Service is quick and friendly and easy to find.  Parking is abundant.
I relied on yelp reviews and made a trip to this place all the way from Las Vegas strip.. It's not that far.. It took me just 10 mins by cab ($16).. I came in for lunch buffet and I didn't like what I saw so I asked if I can order ala carte but sadly that don't allow that. I arrive bit early and the food labels on the buffet were wrong. Samosa was good and so was the naan but rest of the stuff was disappointing. I would not recommend this place to anyone.
One of the best Indian buffet yet!  Excellent food selection and display ! Samosas and Chicken Tikka Masala, Tandoori Chicken, Sweet Rice, Lentil, Chutney, Naan are 5 stars!!! And try Chai tea too!! 
For $10, this is an amazing spread! Restaurants clean, definitely made it onto my fav lunch spot list !
Visiting from NJ where there is a large Indian population, I can say this was a great find in LV.  The flavors here are not quite as bold and cater towards more of an American crowd, but everything was delicious.  We shared the mt Everest combination meal which was a great deal and had a good amount of food. Would recommend to anyone looking for their curry fix,
Very tasty, reasonably priced Indian food (especially considering the cost at some of the other restaurants and resorts in Vegas). We made the drive from Henderson and it was worth it -- chicken tikka masala and lamb korma were both tasty (but had kick! I had to order a mango lassi to quench the fire). Attentive staff and easy parking - just be aware it might feel a little sketchy in that area, but we had no problems. Get the garlic naan, too!
I am surprised Mt Everest has a higher rating than MINT because it is not even close to the same quality.

When I pulled up I was surprised to see a drive thru but then I realized it was closed and the employees were using it to park their cars. Upon walking into the restaurant, I noticed the buffet in the back corner looking sad and unsanitary. I sat down and shortly after we were brought out the papadum and were asked what we wanted to order. The papadum and sauces just weren't good and to top things off the basket it was in was not cleaned. I shouldn't have overlooked this but I did because I was craving Indian food. I ordered two mango lassi's, garlic naan, malai kofta, chicken makhani their speciality, and basmati rice. The mango lassi's were brought out instantly. This one was not made well, was overly sweet, tasted artificial, and was not thick enough. I was able to stomach mine but my dining partner wanted to send hers back. I asked the Asian man if we could send it back and he giggled and said no. Then our Indian waiter comes over laughs and says Mango Lassi's our supposed to be sweet and I said I know I have had my a Mango Lassi before but but this overly sweet, he begrudgingly took it back. 

Our entrees come and the portions are huge. Both of the curries had that artificial taste and reminded me of curry at a food court. The chicken in the chicken makhani was dry and the fat was not trimmed off properly. The veggie balls in the malai kofta were extremely hard on the outside and not very moist on the inside. The garlic naan was tasty but once again it was brought out in a basket that was not clean. 

The Indian food here is mediocre and I question how well things are cleaned.
We really enjoyed the food. Great flavor throughout the meal. The chicken dishes were moist - fork cut, and the lamb we had was well prepared. This is a little gem of an Indian joint
BEST INDIAN FOOD IN LAS VEGAS. Their butter chicken is soooooo delicious! To die for. The owner is so friendly and very professional. I always recommended people to go there when they are craving Indian food even when I help my guests visiting me at the spa where I work.
One of the best restaurants in Vegas.
Great service, the food was served within a few minutes of ordering.
Taste was really good and the quantity was good too.
Would definitely go back again.
We eat Indian food a lot and are quite particular.  I am pleased to say that this restaurant exceeded my expectations in all respects.   I like that the owner and his family work together and are very service oriented.  Of course the food is why we would go and, again, it exceeded our expectations.  Clearly, the best Indian food in Las Vegas.  The chicken tikka masala was excellent as was the lamb vindaloo.  Big menu making it hard to choose and I found myself looking at all the great dishes coming out if the kitchen.  Try and get there early to get a booth as it looks much more comfortable than a regular table.  Highly recommended and we will be back soon with our friends.
Yes.  Yes.  Yes.

My wife and I took a little bus ride over here on one of our annual trips to Vegas (honeymoon this time yay!) and man was it worth it.  We love Indian buffets, but in the Midwest the quality level can vary quite a bit.  Mount Everest hits it out of the park.  Price was incredibly reasonable (10-15$), they had just about every Indian food I've ever had available, and the taste was sublime.  Mouth-watering delicious.  The staff was polite and friendly too.

The bus ride was very reasonable.  We bought a Deuce Bus 24 hr pass ($8) which was also good for the city bus, so we were able to hop one from the strip over to there.  Its a pretty quick ride and the neighborhood seemed fine.  I've snagged the Duece pass each time I've been in Vegas and despite being slow at times its one of the best ways to save money when out on the town.

If you are an Indian Buffet lover, this is my favorite of all the ones I've had, so definitely make the time and give it a stop.
Hands down the best Indian food we've had and that is saying something. Excellent vegetarian options and they made two perfectly executed custom Vegan dishes for my husband. Customer service was beyond expectations; nice relaxed atmosphere; and located off the strip so great prices for lots of amazing food. We will definitely be making a trip back.
Had dinner here on a Friday night. Food was very good and service was friendly if a little scattered.  They just opened this week so I am sure the service will get better.  Recommend checking them out.  Saag Paneer was great and the naan was also good.
Being Indian and having eaten at many of the best Indian restaurants in the valley, I'm not your usual casual diner who knows nothing about Indian food. I usually eat dosa and South Indian fare at Woodlands (Ray and Rural). I tried Cafe Krishna for a change. I was disappointed. The service was lousy. The waitstaff was not rude and in fact they were very friendly but the wait was too long. We ordered an appetizer and two dosas. They took a 30 minutes to bring us our appetizer and another 30 minutes (1 hour) before we got our dosa. It was not busy when we ordered. There were only 3 couples in the restaurant at the time and they had 3 waiters. They never checked on us and we had to flag them down to get our bill. One of the waiters is an Eastern European woman who spoke no English and had never waited tables before. She brought our chaat to our table and didn't even bring plates with it.

The food itself was good but not noteworthy. Their chutneys were not tasty or flavorful. The coconut chutney at Woodlands is a lot better. The dosa had very little sabji (potato) filling and was nearly entirely just one large crepe. The dosa at Woodlands includes much more sabji. I did like the sabji and thought it was better than Woodlands because it was slightly less greasy. The samosa chaat was not good. It had very little samosa (maybe two small pieces of one samosa)  and the rest of it included vegetables. It wasn't bad but neither was it tasty.

The only positive aspect to the place was it's ambience. Despite its "cafe" name, the place is a sit-down restaurant. It's nicer than many full fledged Indian restaurants in the valley. It was clean, spacious with many booths. and decorated well. You are seated, given a menu and a waiter takes your order. It's not like Woodlands in which you order at the register. It has a full menu but it's vegetarian. It's also a South Indian place so I wouldn't recommend ordering saag paneer and North Indian dishes because South Indians don't know how to cook North Indian food. 

I will not come back because the service was too slow. Even when we flagged our waiter for our bill, there was another couple who had sat for 15 minutes and had not even had their drink orders taken. Honestly, why would I wait an hour to eat Dosa when I can go up the street and eat at Woodlands and get the same quality dosa in 10 minutes. I'm pretty forgiving of slow service if the restaurant is super busy or if there is only one server but this was different. You could tell the waiters had no previous experience waiting tables and had no sense of urgency. They didn't know how to refill drinks, check up on you, bring your bill to you on time. It seemed like they were related to the owner or were part owners and tried to be servers. If the restaurant improved their speed and service, I would recommend this place. Hopefully that will improve
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):
9 Food
8 Service
9 Atmosphere
9 Value

The service is very friendly.  The food is very good - an excellent coconut chutney - and their combo meals are well priced and offer up a good variety.
Scale of 1-10
Food 9 - good authentic vegetarian fare plus some unusual breads.
Service 6 - very friendly but rather slow
Atmosphere 8 - clean, but I always prefer  indian restaurants a little dimmer
Value 9

They are still a little new and hopefully trying to improve the speed of the service.
The quality of the food makes for somewhat haphazard service. 
If you go in expecting somewhat slightly slow service and are not in a rush - you will certainly enjoy this restaurant.

8/6/10 update - have been going to this restaurant regularly  for at least the last 8 months. overall have become even more impressed by the variety and selection of dishes. also service has improved with time. I think I have to place this at the top of my favorite restaurants (even above the Delhi Palace which has been our favorite for the last 20 years).
Highly recommended
This review pertains to the lunch buffet only, I would expect a different experience at dinner.
First off, the service was very "self serve" which is what one would expect from a buffet, but there are no self serve stations for water or tea refills, and the wait staff seldom made an appearance. The food was good, but I am not a fan of most buffets.  My friend informed me that the food was much better at dinner, and I intend on finding out sometime.
I enjoy good indian food every once in awhile and Cafe Krishna was a great place to indulge. I like that its all vegetarian and the choices are abundant. The food was great, I just wish the service was a little better. It was a little bit slow and inconsistent. I definitely recommend trying one of their dosai and a curry- both are delicious.
I had never had dosai until this place opened.  Every version I've tried is yummy!  The accompanying sauces, however, can be a little too heavy and spicy for me.
It sounds to me that their lunch  buffet is the problem but other wise Cafe Krishna is a great place for vegetarian fare from India. Their food is mainly south indian such as dosas, chutneys etc. 

We have eaten dessert here at night time and our impression was great, not only of the gulab jamuns, rass-malai and the mango kulfi that we ate but also of the service and their overall setup. This is a clean south indian eatery unlike the Udupi place in Tempe. Go here, you will like.
The facility was a clean environment for food and there was a good variety on the menu.  I was there for the dinner meal.

I was thoroughly unhappy with the service that was received here during dinner on a Saturday night.  First the servers were not able to figure out how to set up a table that was correct for the size of the party that was attending.

Next the server was very unorganized giving us items that we did not order and forgetting items that were ordered.  When brought to his attention the server went back to the kitchen without offering an apology.  

He then proceded to bring the same dish as he had brought out before that was an incorrect item and did not bring out items that were ordered.  At this point this was pointed out to him again he went back in only to come out 20 minutes later after most of the party had finished eating with the items that he had forgotten to bring out.  

The waiter made excuses for what happened and did not apologize nor offer any compensatory changes to the bill due to his mistakes.  After the desert was ordered this too was below expectations.  

The waiter seemed disinterested in how we felt about the food and our overall satisfaction at dinner.

Waiter was disinterested, disorganized, and unapologetic.  Overall avoid this restaurant.
This is new hotness out of phoenix. They offer flavorful food on lunch buffets. And it seems to be (i) pulling a lot of people out of their houses to come and enjoy the food (ii) taking away buisness from other indian joints.

Weekend (friday lunch buffet through sunday dinner) food quality has been great and consistent. Most items have their unique flavors and textures. Weekday dinners - quality is not consistent.

Service is generally sloppy. They have not figured out the co-ordinate system of the place they own. What is table # X and where is that? How many # of people Y are sitting on that table X and what each of the person ordered and in what order. I believed they found themselves unprepared to the high clientele they attracted based on the quality of the food.

Quality of food however easily over-rides this sightly negative aspect which is already improving. And the sloppiness offers something additional for us to chuckle about at the table. 

the other thing I rate food joints on - is whether the food feels too filling in one or two round. Its better than most other places in the valley.

North Indian appetizers are not great. Have not sampled dessert menu enough to write about it.

its all vegetarian. Suits me - i am a vegetarian.
TWO WORDS - inconsistent & indifferent
Awesome Indian food.nice buffet.Mint rice is unique.
DOSA!!!! that was the main reason we came to this place. I had a combo 2, that gave me the chance to try dosa and 3 more other things. Good service, nice place and friendly attention.
now a five star
I had to go back and update my review for Cafe Krisha, as I have made several more visits since my original posting.

Cafe Krisha has been open for a while and has still failed to supply guests with a menu that marks what items are suitable for vegans. 

At vegetarian restaurants, a menu that marks what is vegan is not just a convenience, it is a standard. Cafe Krishna stands virtually alone in the Phoenix as the only vegetarian restaurant that fails to offer this.

This wouldn't be an issue if servers were more willing to ensure that products were dairy free. Getting a confirmation that a menu items are dairy-free from the servers feels like pulling teeth, and I making people's lives more difficult makes me feel uncomfortable. I just want to sit down and eat with no worries. 

A simple "V" next to all the vegan items would make me feel more inclined to eat at Cafe Krishna, it would make me feel more certain about what I was eating, and it would make the lives for the servers easier not having to run back and forth the kitchen every time I (and every other vegan) have a question about dairy in my food.

That aside, the food at Krishna can be quite good. I've had crispy, spicy gobi manchurian here and I've had mild, crumbly gobi manchurian. The rasam and sambar is always good. And the dosas are usually a pretty safe bet. I had my first experience with uttapam here, and it was quite good but I'll be sure to ask for no raita next time! 

So, Cafe Krishna, mark the vegan items, and work on a little consistency and you could easily outscore any other Indian join in town.
Om nom nom.  They had me at "authentic Indian veg," but it's really quite exceptional.  We both had the lunch buffet, which has quite few main dishes and desserts.  It is comparable to lunch buffets I've really enjoyed in the Bay Area or Manhattan, both in terms of quality and variety, and very reasonably priced at $8.99.

The buffet includes a dosa and I think also a drink. I had the Tofu Manchurian, a nice chana dish I haven't had before (not Chana Masala), plain rice (there are several other choices for rice), an okra dish, some nice fresh salad, and some IEEE NaF on the side.  The masala tea came unsweetened, which is how I prefer it.   The kheer was quite tasty. And that's just scratching the surface.

If I lived in Chandler I'd want to eat here every day!   Heck, if I still lived in Tucson I'd be tempted to go there for lunch once in a while   As it is, I'll definitely be back next time I'm passing through at lunch time.

By the way, some reviews have said things about the food being cold.   I didn't have that experience--it was all the right temperature for me.   Andrea and I arrived before noon, so kind of on the early side.   I found the service to be prompt and friendly.
I have been here twice for the past couple of weeks and i must say the food and service is vastly improved. Buffet was excellent and service was respectful!   Am thinking twice in a row cannot be a fluke. Keep it up Krishna Cafe!
Thank goodness for Living Social, or I might never have discovered this place.

As a vegetarian, this was my hog heaven...minus the hog. I mean, I could literally order anything I wanted and would be sure that there wasn't an accidental chicken stock action, or that pork might show up towards the bottom of the bowl.  I also really really loved that they offer both Northern and Southern options -- dosas AND curries!

I went on a Saturday night with my partner and a friend.  For $40, we got 2 starters, a dosa combo plate, a thali, iced tea and a mango lassi...and we took home 3 dosas, naan, and a few other things. Great pricing and lots of food for your buck. Most of the food was absolutely amazing, although I found it to be heavy on the onions (not a huge fan) and some of it to be too spicy.

As far as the negative? The service was awful. When someone came by, they were super friendly...all 4 times through out the meal. It took us two hours to order, eat and pay...waiting for the check took almost 30 minutes on its own. My partner's iced tea was empty for the majority of the meal. Also, not an issue for us, but the vegan items weren't marked, which would have been a problem if any one was vegan.

The food and pricing gets 5 stars. The service gets 2.5. Overall, a 4, and I'll have to go back for the buffet at some point, when I get to provide my OWN service!
I really enjoyed this place, & was pleasantly surprised @ the quality of food. More than anything, I was amazed how full I was on a vegetarian menu. Highly recommended for new experiences.
As good as it gets for South Indian food here; Indian authentic would of course be much better.

Food is awesome, fresh ingredients, cool variety of chutneys- love their combos (67 on menu)- that way you can taste a bit of everything. Also dig their mini idly (rice flour balls), Medu Vada, Paysam for dessert and ofcourse the rava masala or just the masala dosa...delish!

The service can be a bit slow and mainly because it gets busy towards peak hours and doesn't have way too many servers- but for me its' worth the wait. at this place..check it out!
I can hardly tell my paneer's from my Gobi's but I can tell you that I like this place.

Walk in and you will find a modern contempray dinning room with granite top tables, booths and tables. In back is the buffet setup.

We were in for lunch at 12:30 on a Saturday and the buffet was the only option, and what a good option it was. So many flavorful dishes and All VEG!  I tried them all then tried many a second and third time.

We were offered dosas, a Indian crepe like item. I don't know if this cost us extra but it was good and with dosa's the buffet was $12.

The dishes had pretty good flavor, some flavors did not pop as much as I would have liked but overall the selection and quality won me over. The buffet is nice as I am still mostly lost on what to order when looking at an Indian food menu. 

We had water with our meal, they give you glasses and a carafe of water but oddly no ice.

If you are veg go here and just keep eating, if you are not, you may not even notice that the place is meat free.
I've always had some difficulty finding good Indian food in the valley.  Cafe Krishna was a refreshing change from the sub-par establishments that I have become accustomed to.  The food was quite good and more than compensated for the slightly innocuous atmosphere.  The "combos" offer a lot of food at a very affordable price and may prove to be perfect for someone trying Indian faire for the first time.  Vegetarian, or not, I feel confident that you will enjoy Cafe Krishna.
the combos were very good and at a good price. i liked the food at woodlands a bit better but the atmosphere here was a little less take out then there. will be going back!
I visit this place very often for the lunch buffet. There is a wide variety of veg and vegan dishes in both North and South indian cuisine. To start with there is salad, veg fritters and chaat (north indian snack). The main course has naan (bread), 2 different gravies, a rice dish, 2-3 gravies to eat with plain rice and a curry. You get a choice of dosa (crepe) between plain and stuffed which are both equally good. There is also a desert and a fruit to finish the meal. Sometimes the service is very slow and the waitresses do not clear the plates and take time to bring the check. But overall very yummy and satisfying food. Not just vegetarian folks, but even meat-eaters like this place from what I have seen. Definitely a must-visit!
Went here with an Indian friend so I can't tell you what I ate, BUT it was tasty. We went 5:15pm on a Thursday and it was pretty empty, but as the night progressed more and more people filled the place out.

They do have a lunchtime buffet but not sure the price or quality of food, but if it's anything like the dinner we had...its worth checking out.
We have eaten here a few more times and each time we have been, we have liked this place more. We mostly go for dinner. The masala in the dosa is very bland and not enough. The Sambhar could be a tad more spicy. But, overall we like this place. He loved the Gobi Manchurian that they serve there and the naans were awesome. Better than any north indian restaurant naans that we have eaten and mind you this is a south indian restaurant. My vegetarian and vegan friends love this place.
I thought this place was fantastic!!  Food is very fresh and tasty, not greasy at all, which made for NO indigestion afterward. That is so rare with Indian food, I usually feel weird afterward from the grease and spice. Their lunch buffet is very very good. We want to come back for dinner and try mutter paneer, my fave!
I work near here and have never gone in.  Today at lunch, a g/f and I went there and it was really good.  Great South Indian food and a nice clean atmosphere.  At lunch, they have a nice buffet with wonderful vegetarian selections for $9!  you can't beat that.

Order #77, 33 and 25 along with a #1 mango drink - split it with a friend or two and you will all be fat and happy when you leave.
Have been here several times now, and hands down the best Indian food I've ever tasted!!!  Love it and go back at least twice a month.
It's awesome for pure vegetarians!
It took a lot to convince my husband to go so far to an Indian restaurant, when there are one's closer to home. But now, even he is a fan! The food tastes like home made, the service is good and seating comfortable. No garish decor either! Water is brought right away and they even keep a carafe of it at your table - so no need to wait for eye contact with a waiter/waitress to quench your thirst. 

Almost all the entree's on the buffet were good. Not too spicy but tasty. Dessert was good. They had kheer made with tapioca balls rather than rice. My daughter would have liked to have gulab jamoon. The vadaas were soft on the inside and crisp on the outside as they should be. 

Now for some comparison with Udupi, which is the other south indian restaurant I have been to around here. Sambar not as good as Udupi. Masala dosas not as big - I liked them but my family likes the Udupi masala dosas. They did not have Idlis. Now that was a surprise. 

But overall, I would recommend this place. It also looked clean.
On a dinner break from work, my lovely significant other and I thought this place sounded so much more interesting than the other nearby options, and there had been some recent positive lunchroom chatter about Cafe Krishna. I really wish we had more time to linger, but that will be the next visit. 

I ordered Kadai Bhindi Masala ... the okra was so tender and the spices were just right. Left me wanting for more! Beside me was a delicious curry. The naan was ample and fresh.

This food was excellent and the variety more extensive than most Indian restaurants I have visited, but I must compliment the excellent service and attention given to a special dietary request. The staff went above and beyond our reasonable expectations. We were so pleased with their care to get it just right.

I recommend Cafe Krishna to anyone who loves spices beyond salt and pepper, and is willing to forget that it is vegetarian, too. It is well worth a little drive, and I am really happy to find it close to my job.
Been here at least a dozen times. Gobi Manchurian is exceptional and the buffet usually is too. Unfortunately I haven't been back in months as we went for lunch and the selection was terrible (2 items). I asked what was up and they said their gas was out all morning and they couldn't cook. When I got the check they asked how was everything and I told them - terrible as we were literally going to have to leave and go somewhere else for lunch and they said - sorry about that it won't happen again but proceeded to charge us full price. 

So disappointing we were regulars - but that did it for us. 

I am sure it was a one off issue so don't not go there because of my review - we miss it. But paying full price to get a mouthful of there food, put a bad taste in our mouth - figuratively of course.
The food is above average; not the best, but certainly enjoyable.  The service is quite hit or miss; more "miss" than "hit".  I'm pretty apathetic about this place; I have a friend who lives right down the street and we enjoy going here and being left alone to chat, but it's not something I'd seek out.

What is nice, if it matters to you, is the atmosphere.  It's quite sterile and borning, which makes sense considering it's in a strip mall in Chandler, but there are plenty of good Indian places that are in dive environs, so a sterile, suburban-feeling place is a nice upgrade at times.
Hi.. I am a south indian and this place is awful. They serve too slow and food is bad. Price is ok but you can get better food at the same price.  My serious suggestion is not to try this place. Have a nice day.

Thanks.
First place that has tempted me to write a review. A.M.A.Z.I.N.G ! South Indian vegetarian food - we went for the buffet - only time I've felt everything I tried tasted great. Visit AZ just to eat here!
We had a really nice dinner here.  The staff was super friendly, the food was excellent and the prices were reasonable.  Our food came out quickly, and the restaurant was clean.  The staff answered our questions and were courteous. We had the Vege Curry, and the Curry with Okra.  We also tried a very cool looking triangular dosai.  It was our first time trying dosai and I think it was the best meal of the night, though the others were quite yummy.
Great buffet! One dosa per person is included in the buffet, although if you are a new comer there, no one will tell you. You have to ask the wait staff for a dosa. The staff was attentive and nice. 
Food was great with 4 options for dessert and freshly prepared food was coming in from the kitchen every few hours. The coconut chutney is great!
This was our first time here and we really enjoyed it! There were many things on the menu that we had never tried before and we liked that. We basically asked the staff what they recommended and ordered that. I asked for mine "hot" and it was at the most medium in spice. I have found that people don't usually take me seriously the first time I dine somewhere and request "hot". That was a bummer for sure. But the flavors were great. We had the mini idlies and loved the different chutneys for dipping. We also enjoyed the vegetable pakoda which was done very well here. Probably the best I've had. For an entrees, we had the masala dosa which was really good! Very different, to me, as I've not had it before. I had the chole batura which was excellent. The portions are huge and easily made for leftovers and for enough to shared. I will definitely come back to try some different things. The menu is very extensive and prices were really good.
Vegetarian only buffet. Very slow at replenishing their buffet line even though they only had a few dishes.
I enjoy coming here for lunch occasionally.  I like Indian buffets (unlike Chinese buffets, which I abhor!) because of the variety of ingredients and dishes I get to sample that I otherwise may not order if it was a-la-carte.  

This place specializes in Vegeterian Indian food (a very typical thing) and I've had some interesting meal combinations here... lots of legumes, leafy greens, curries, all mixed in with vegetables and occasionally tofu.  Nothing has really ever stood out with the food, but it has never been a bad experience.

The facilities are another story.  I was there recently when they ran out of TP in the lady's bathroom (I actually checked before using THANKFULLY!!).  I alerted the girl that works the front desk and she was completely useless... she said she'd refill it and it never was refilled.  When I asked her again (after holding my bladder throughout my meal) she said they were completely out (really? how are you OUT of TP?? who manages inventory for this place?).  I can only imagine that if someday they were out of hand-soap, they'd handle it the same way.... which means your cooks could be making your food with dirty hands.  GRODY!
If you are a vegetarian, you MUST eat here. Their Indian food is amazing. Also, I took someone from work here that is really big on beef and always having to have meat, and they still liked this place. You won't even miss the meat. SERIOUSLY

Also their SERVICE is the best
Eew, a Buffet with no meat??     :-O

Ok, I knew what I was getting into before driving 18 miles over here because I'm a YELPIE!  (Yeah Yelp!  Have you bought any of our newly released stock yet?  For $23.30 right now you can BE Yelp!  I'm just askin'.)     :-)

Sorry I morphed into Jim Kramer for a moment...  Back on topic, let's get an actual gripe out of the way:  The Sambar soup was the first thing I tried, & it was lukewarm.  There goes a Star right off the bat!     :-O

Ok, so was there anything good about this place, or is it lower than Thiruvananthapuram & we call the mover with the glitziest elephant...  ur, I mean the best Yelp rating, & send these guys packing, pots & pans banging, back to Bangalore?  Well maybe, but first let us consider:

*  You get your choice of a table or a booth in this mid-sized restaurant.  (Yeah booths!)  It's a modern, nice place with a peaceful, comfortable air about it due in part to the excellent acoustics, lighting & layout...  and YES, they were busy!

*  The staff was cheerful, friendly, & the table service just right!  Indian girl, whom unlike the soup was fairly hot (sorry!), had them fix me a Dosa, the latest foofy food around the Valley, in my choice of flavors from a little menu she had with her.  Mine was tasty, with curried potatoes & whatnot inside.

There were only about 17 main food items plus sauces & dressings, but that seemed like enough.  Some of my favorites besides the Dosa were the Sambhar (soup), the Mutter Paneer, Pongal, Biryani Rice, the creamy hot help-yourself tea...  and the Gulab Janum (monkey balls) for dessert?  HARE KRISHNA!  HARE RAMA!  They were SO awesome!!

What a pleasure to eat at this lovely place today with its interesting, different & delicious food!  His Divine Grace A. C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada would have approved it & I think you'll like Cafe Krishna too!     :-))

Monday through Thursday Lunch Buffet:  $7.99
Been here many times but has always been disappointing. Of late the quality is becoming worse. They are just well situated near Intel, home of mini India
True - they don't serve meat. True - the lunch buffet is reasonably priced and darn good. Have eaten here several times. Dishes change everytime I have been. Not a huge selection, but I left full and quite happy.

Noticed a bunch of comments on the service. My experience has been that the service is fine. I would not call it stunning, but it is lunch buffet after all. My needs were fairly low - water and some bread. The servers have always been helpful in explaining what everything is when I have asked. 

N*joy
Congratulations, Cafe Krishna. You're the first place I've ever given a 1-star rating. I'm a vegetarian an I was fully aware that it only serves vegetarian food, so the low rating has nothing to do with being a disappointed meat-eater.

My husband and I ate here for dinner. We were the only people in the restaurant when we ordered and it took 30 minutes for our food to arrive at the table. Somehow, my food was luke warm. Speaking of luke warm, the water I was given to drink was warm tap water with no ice. I can handle drinking tap water, but yeesh, throw some ice in it.

When we were finished eating, we waited for the check. And waited. I then asked for the check, and the person said they'd be right back with it. They never came. So we waited. And waited. Finally someone brought us our check.

In total we were there for an hour and a half, most of the time just sitting there waiting for one thing or another. 

The food itself was meh. Nothing spectacular really. I've eaten at plenty of places with terrible service when the food is good enough to balance it out. Definitely not the case here.

I might come back someday and try the buffet, but I'll never be back there for dinner.
Went here today based on yelp reviews.

Was nice and  clean/roomy inside.

This is a vegetarian place with no meat on the menu.  Sounded right up my alley. I ordered curry vegetables. It was pretty good but the portions were very small.

Waiters were not good. Took over 30 min for food to arrive with literally no one else there. Took over 45 min!! to get the check after we were done despite asking for the check multiple times.

They serve warm tap water with no ice or lemons.

Overall considering how expensive it was and the fact that its only a block away from my favorite indian place (woodlands) I will not be back
Good south Indian food. Chass is good to cool off ! Evenings are not the best time to go. Takes a lot of time to get the food.
Great vegetarian place! I had the uthappam with vadai curry and the okra curry. It was delicious and especially the vadai curry and it was just the right amount of spice and tasted what I believe to be coconut milk. I really don't like okra but the okra was edible with some garlic naan. I kind of laughed when I saw Chinese options on the menu...I guess only north Indians do this but really should remove it from their menu. 
The service was okay as the guy keeps forgetting to bring some items...no biggie. The place itself is nice and the price was low for an Indian place..even at dinner time...so I say this is a must try. You know it will be good when you see Indian ppl eating there too.
i dont know if the management changed again?  the place smells of cleaning supply when you enter. the buffet is horrible. its almost like the dishes are fightng for the worst tasting food competition.
Fail!

After having an okay dinner on a Sunday night, we ordered dessert here. There was an all new wait staff and they kept changing the music from Indian to Korean. 

My husband ordered the dessert called Ras Malai. He started to eat it and then it kept tasting worse and worse to him. I tried it and I threw up in my napkin. It was awful! 

When I called the waiter over to tell him that the Ras Malai had gone bad he said that "I thought that it looked a little iffy, but brought it out anyway." WTF!!!!! Even our kid had taken a bite when we first got it. Husband spent the night in the bathroom to say the least. 

What a bloody awful experience here. I am really questioning the freshness of ALL foods here now. Yuck!
Their recommendation of Paneer Tika Masala was fabulous!!! 
Nice portion, its not too big.
Cafe Krishna has always been a regular destination for me. Along with the food the staff was very friendly. Now, all the old staff has gone and the new staff - as hard as they are trying - it isn't working. The food is not what it use to be. I hope to come by again and see that they have found their lost spark. 

Cold food, hard idli, watery sambar & chutney.
used to love their thaali. could use a better air-freshner.
CLOSED - Sadly Cafe Krishna's service went down hill in the last few months and they have now closed.  Hopefully the replacement will be as good as Krishna was before the change in staff.
= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =

So sad to see this excellent restaurant close!  It was veggie only but the food was so good you didn't even miss having meat!     :-O
Some of my brown brothers (it's OK, close friends can actually talk about each others' races in good fun...but that's another topic) recommended this place to me. The food was pretty good for dinner but pretty overpriced as well.  The little side condiments on the table were great though.  There is a waiter(owner?) there who looks like me (Asian) but speaks like an Indian. Awesome! God bless America!!
This is my favorite Indian restaurant in the area - by far!  They serve quality food with amazing flavors.  I am a vegetarian, and they offer so many good entrees that it's hard to choose one.  Their lunch buffet has a variety of selections, and they always change them up, so it's different each time.  The service is always excellent too.  They are prompt to take your order and serve your food.
The best Indian food in the valley!  We moved here 6 years ago and never found an Indian restaurant we liked until this place. Now we are regulars.
I had the Chicken Coconut Curry. It was delicious. I got the medium heat one and I had some sweat on my forehead. My family liked it too. I'm happy to find an Indian food restaurant that I like, very close to my house.
Before eating at Indian Paradise, I couldn't say I had ever eaten Indian Food while listening to 90's techno... but that's all changed now. I can't explain the staff's choice of music the night I visited Indian Paradise, but it made for interesting ambiance. Maybe Aloo Mattar just tastes better to the tune of "Sandstorm" by Darude?

I found this place while on a mad hunt to satisfy an Indian food craving. I swear, when that hits me, I can think of little else. It's nestled in the heart of what seems like Chandler's Chinatown, and took some effort to find. I'm sure that's more due to my poor sense of direction. The decor was minimal (and I don't mean minimalist- just white walls and not much else). 

The food was good and the service was attentive. I've had better garlic naan, but it surely wasn't bad. The portion sizes were generous enough for my sister and I to split our dishes and still have some leftovers. 

I'll be back for sure, but I'm still happy trying other Indian places in the valley. Haven't found one I'm completely loyal to yet...
If you are coming for atmosphere then move along. When we visited on a Saturday night a few weeks back we were the only diners eating in the restaurant for the 1st 30 mins of our meal! 

But frankly who cares. I am a nut for Chicken Tikka Masala and this place does the best in the Valley period. The Naan bread was maybe a little too dry but what did I care when I was dipping it in such deliciousness!

I won't go anywhere else for Indian food now.
Oh what sadness the day that this restaurant decided to move their business to the North Scottsdale branch.

We always used to order Indian food from Indian paradise Chandler because they made delicious naan, basmati rice and all things Indian curry. For what it's worth - go check out the Scottsdale branch if you are in the area.

I have yet to go but I promised myself that I will put in a good word for this restaurant once I open my Yelp account.

Living in Chandler I know that I will be going to the Scottsdale branch as soon as I have reason to go in that direction.
This is a brand-new Indian restaurant specializing in grilled food. It's funny because there's a lot of Mexican painted ceramic tile around the windows and bathroom, remnants of investments from the previous (failed) owners.

The grill's portions are very generous for a reasonable cost, $8.95-$12.95 for entres. If you want it hot and spicy, they are happy to oblige. Great breads and sauces and not too long prep times. Yes, they are new and working out some kinks in the service, but I definitely see a lot of potential here.
Quite an interesting experience, unlike almost all Indian & Pakistani places I've been to in my life, this was pretty much the only one where food was plated in such a way as to evoke Top Chef. The food came on (square I think) plates rather than in dishes and the presentation was excellent. The food was good, not quite what I was used to but ok. Those of you without traditional desi tastes will be more pleased I think but that's just my opinion. We ordered the tandoori platter and for the first time it came on plates, not sizzling. We asked about that and it seems to be a cost and ease decision, just FYI if that's your favorite. I would recommend the lentil soup and pappadums most. The two are filling enough for a meal. What made the largest and best impression though was the courtesy of the owner's son - politeness, friendliness, response time - can't be beat.
Incredibly good for casual dining

1. the flavors are exceptional
2. the menu is very inexpensive
3. they were realistic about the heat of the dishes

I loved the mango juice which complimented the spiciness of my chicken vindaloo very nicely. 

It reminded me of eating in NYC, which is perhaps the best compliment I can give as an east coast transplant.
This review is for the lunch buffet here at India's Grill.  

The restaurant is nice inside, modern looking with it's "open pipe" ceiling, such as is popular around here right now.  Soft Indian music played in the background, & both booths & tables are available for seating.

My server brought over plenty of hot, seasoned Naan bread as I went for some of their vegetable soup, to find that only tiny bowls were available to get some of it in!  Not only that, the soup spoons, at least the one I was given, were just the opposite...huge, almost serving spoon size!

Back at the booth, the table was too far away.  If you pulled it in to be the right distance out on one side, you could drive a Mahindra truck through on the other side without running over Desirupa's feet!  Then, back over at the serving table, some of the foods were labeled & some not.

Ok, so 2-Stars & we're out of here, right?  Well, not so fast.  For one, the soup in the thimble ...ur, tiny bowl, was delicious!  The salad actually had SALAD DRESSING available for it (which is amazing for an Indian buffet)!  The temperature of everything was about right, the foods weren't too soupy, as they sometimes are at these places, & the taste of everything was excellent for the most part, if a little salty.  They do fix it real spicy here, so if you come, leave the kids at McDonald's & keep your glass of water (& a forehead napkin) close at hand!

Lunch Buffet $8.95 includes hot Indian style tea.
Wow - I didn't think you could mess up Indian food this badly!  I came here after a quick glance at the reviews here - so I was optimistic. 

We arrived late - only two other tables occupied, so I realize I was pushing my luck on 'fresh cooked' ... we stuck to basics.  The papadums arrived and they were good - 4 stars for this .... not freshly cooked, but crispy and not oily.  We ordered the chicken tandoori, a paratha bread, and some appetizers. The appetizers were dry and powdery but let's just ignore those. The paratha bread looked freshly prepared, and had a decent texture, but tasted like it has been cooked in oil that had been used and abused way too much (I'm all for tasty oil ... this was just weird). The taste was awful.  But the Tandoori chicken was the worst.  The chicken arrived with 'stuff' piled on top of it - tomatoes, onions, some kind of 'sauce' I guess - so the chicken was all goopy and wet, not the texture you expect for something supposedly taken straight out of a super-hot oven.  My guess is, they didn't want to fire up the tandoori oven, so just microwaved a bunch of chicken pieces and dumped some stuff on top.  

I drove all the way from Scottsdale at 9pm on a Friday night for this ... :(

I was born / raised in England, and now reside primarily in the Bay Area (home to many Indians!) so I feel like I know what a good Indian meal should taste like!
I was in town visiting my family and we stopped here to try it. The owners used to live next to my parents, we have been meaning to try the place so we did. 

The food and service was excellent. The selection was great and I do like that you can see the kitchen from the dinning room. That's always comforting for a patron. 

The dishes we enjoyed were:

The Vegetable Samosas- awesome! 
Garlic & Paneer Naan - The Garlic Naan is sooo much better
Chicken Tandori - Great Flavor
Chana Masala- Great
Vegetable Biryani- Great
Baigan Bharta- Awesome!

They also provide an awesome spicy green sauce that goes great on everything. If you are a fan of Indian try this place. 

If you are looking for something different, try this place. 

I will be back.
Have been here several times, both for the lunch buffet and dinner. Service can be a little slow (generally a pretty quiet restaurant), but the people working there are more than polite. Overall, I think the food is very good -- especially like the chicken tandoori, butter chicken and the fresh-cooked naan.
Our first experience with Indian cuisine, and we will go back.  We explained that it was our first time when we came in and the staff was supremely understanding and took their time telling us what was in the food.  

There is a great selection of vegetarian dishes.  The menu is reasonably priced. (just under $30 for naan, 2 entrees, and dessert)  We never had empty water glasses.  We really enjoyed the food.  Can't say what it's supposed to taste like because we've never had Indian before tonight, but we can say that we really liked our dishes.  The garlic naan was YUM and the Malai Kofta I ordered was easily made without onions (upon request) and my husband's food was spicy enough for him that he didn't complain about it being weak.  Dessert was not up my alley, but hubbie happily finished eating my portion! 

We'll go back, and we'll take people with us when we do.
Nice atmosphere, fantastic service and more importantly flavorful and delicious food! We had the chilling chicken and garlic naan. This is quite possibly the most delicious Indian I have ever had. Highly recommend!
great food.  been here twice and have liked everything i have eatin.  last time i couldn't decide and asked the waiter to pick something for me and surprise me.  whatever he picked was great, lots of taste and very filling.  service is great, they all take good care of you.
This place is wonderful!!! Fantastic service(they explain things for those of you who are new to indian food) better than any other indian place I have tried and I have tried ALOT. Open kitchen so you can see them cooking and the place was very clean. The Garlic Naan is a must try! My Husband is not a fan of indian food but he enjoyed the Tandori Mixed Grill and the Kema Naan. We will be going back for more soon.
I really enjoyed the food. They provide a nice selection and the price is great. The atmosphere was a little lacking, but the staff was very nice. My husband didn't care for it, but he's not a big fan of Indian food. I will absolutely be back for the garlic naan...yum!
Really REALLY enjoyed the buffet at this place! Good stuff and all quality ingredients. We tend to eat at a lot of Indian places and this place is definately quality for Arizona.
We discovered this place about six months ago via Restaurant.com after trying virtually every other Indian restaurant in Gilbert, Chandler and Mesa and not finding one that stands up to the great Indian food we had when we lived in the Bay Area.

This is by far the best here and comes closest to the amazing Indian food we enjoyed in California.  The Chicken Tikka and Chicken Tikka Masala are outstanding, as is the Naan bread.  The Chana Masala is quite good, too.

We only order off the menu (haven't tried the buffet) and I've now been back dozens of times, and have taken friends and family. They all agree this is the best they've had here in the Phoenix area.

Service is decent as well (nice family that runs it).  Oh, and if you're worried that Indian food is too spicy for you, just ask them to make it "super mild"...they are able to get it right and make it so I can eat it (and I don't like spicy food at all).
I may bump this place up to 4 stars on my next visit.  The presentation was very good, the food smelled great, the service was very good.

My criticisms are that the mixed grill was mostly overdone.  Not so much that it was bad, it was very flavorful.  But the shrimp was chewy and the lamb was overdone as well.

The garlic naan was awesome.  The chicken tikka was very flavorful and was very different than other places I've had it.

The portion on the naan was great, less so on the tikka and the mixed grill.

The place has a nice, open layout and features accents of broken plates worked into the columns and other areas.
it was good
I have only eaten here twice with some friends and family. I can say this though, the chicken vindaloo was amazing. I ordered it spicy the way god intended it; awesome! If you're a novice don't even try to order spicy though, you'll die. Also the chicken tikka masala was a little slice of heaven...
This is the best Indian restaurant around. I have been to every Indian restaurant in town. I used to go to Indian Paradise and Guru Palace regularly, then I started going here. This is the only Indian restaurant in Phoenix that uses real lamb, not BEEF (check the texture at other places next time). The flavor is incredible. Most importantly the owners are great people. I have become very good friends with them the past year. I bring all my friends there and they are well taken care of. This is my favorite place to eat. I recommend the Lamb Saag, Lamb Boti Masala, and Lamb Vindaloo with Paneer Naan. Hope to see all of you guys there. You will not be dissapointed.
When I entered at normal dinner time, there was only 2 other customers than my party.  I was really worried that the food would be horrible and a waste of a Groupon.  I ordered the usual dishes I would get with my parents (garlic naan, onion kulcha, mattar paneer, palak paneer, and chana masala).  Each of the dishes had an unique taste than what I expected.  It tasted different, but it was good.

My major negative is we asked for medium spice and the food was very mild.  In addition, I had to try really hard to try the garlic in the Garlic Naan.  The food comes in decent portion, but it might be a couple bucks overpriced per dish.

I would come here again to try some non-vegetarian dishes or the buffet.
Wow! I had a taste for Indian and just happened to stumble upon the lunch buffet. For $9, I had an unbelievabe lunch. A decent, but not exhausted selection of popular Indian dishes. What amazed me is that every one I sampled was excellent. And then they brought out bread, as if the buffet wasn't enough. I'll be back-often.
Love it!!!
First of all the food is wonderful. Every time we go we try something different and have yet to be disappointed. I recommend the Lamb Masala ( spicy of course) and my husband loves the Chicken Vindaloo.
Dinner is great here with nice sized portions. Lunch has a great buffet available, which offers different options each time, giving us the chance to try new dishes. 
I would have to say the best part is the service! India grill is clearly run by a very kind family who knows how to take care of their customers. We once went to the lunch buffet a bit close to the end lunch service, they were serving one of my very favorites, Lamb Tekka Masala, but they were pretty much out. When I asked the server ( a young guy who always serves us and is awesome) if they would be replenishing this dish, he said he would see what he could do, and promptly returned with my own mini serving of the dish!! If he had come back and said they were not replenishing I would have totally understood, but as always the staff went above and beyond!!!
With all the Indian food options in the valley, we continue to return over and over knowing we will always receive amazing service!
Go there.... Now!!! You won't regret it!
Garlic naan bread and BBQ flavored  chicken, tastes ok but not looking to eat American food. Don't get me wrong the garlic bread was tasty but unexpected when I mixed it with my curry chicken, boo
Went here on a Saturday afternoon and there were 3 of us. I don't really care for Buffet food at Indian restaurants, so we had take out. The place looks good enough from the inside, but i was extremely disappointed by the food. All of the naan were burnt on the underside. The kofta curry had coconut in it, which is kind of odd. Not to mention all of us had stomach problems the very next day. Now if it was just one person, then I can understand. But as all three of us felt sick, I have no doubt in my mind that it was their food. Will never try this place again.
My husband & I LOVE this place!  Service, food, and cleanliness of restaurant are all great!  The Malai Kofta and Lamb Korma with some garlic naan on the side... My mouth is already watering!  We've tried almost all the Indian places in the Mesa/Chandler/Gilbert area and this one is awesome.  Did I mention great prices for the amount of food you get??  We have also been given several complimentary sides just because... Very nice staff.  Still haven't had a bad dish off their menu and I've tried just about all of it!
Maybe this place deserves 5 stars, but I'm not a connoisseur when it comes to Indian food - I only know that this place serves up some great dishes. 

My favorite is the mixed grill and my wife loves the butter chicken. The naan bread appetizers are extremely yummi and the prices are reasonable.

The dining room isn't anything to write home about, but it's fun to watch the Indian music videos on the big TVs. And the service is very friendly and attentive. Will be back.
My wife and have been to pretty much every Indian Restaurant in Phoenix.  We go almost every week.  Since we went here, we have NEVER went anywhere else (except when traveling).  

The food here is fantastic.  The staff has always been great.  But the food, oh the food.  Did I say it was fantastic?   My personal favorite is the Baigan Bharta.  My wife's is the Paneer Tika Masala.  But, all is great!
I give this place 3 stars, but I'd rather say 3.5 since I've only been there once. I think the extra .5 points is for potential. 

I like Indian food and I like it enough to eat it when I can. Don't get me wrong, I'm no Indian food connoisseur but I really like bold tasting food with lots of spices and flavors. And I really, really like my curry. 

I came in here on my lunch break, skeptical of what I'd find from an Indian buffet. Not too bad. Your basic selection of Chicken Tikki Masala, Coconut Curry, Lentils, Indian BBQ, etc. Overall, taste was nice and satisfied my hunger pangs. 

On the other hand, I'm not sure I like how they made their naan. It tasted like garlic bread, looked like some pita overloaded with parsley, and was not soft like I've had at other places. But that's okay, because I filled myself up on the buffet. 

Service was fast and friendly, and the atmosphere is comfortable. Maybe a little too big for its own sake, but hey, that's quite all right.
= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =

This location has closed.
I'm usually stay far away from buffets, however I am very happy I decided to give this place a try.  My mom and I were both in the mood to try some place new and after driving around and checking out all of commerical center we decided a Indian food sounded pretty yummy.  After eating there, I decide this really is the only way to go out for Indian food with just 2 people because I always want to try just a little bit of everything.  At Namaste you can, and everything I tasted was fantastic!
Eat here for lunch. $9 lunch buffet, really amazing food, good service. I can't wait to go back.
The food was excellent and it's probably the best indian buffet in Las Vegas so far. This restaurant is very new, so I'm not sure if their quality will degrade over time. I have seen a lot of new restaurants made great food when they just opened but then their food quality went down hill as time goes by. I hope it's not true for this restaurant because I truely enjoyed my lunch. I will update my rating if their quality changes.
This place was so hyped up that I was expecting something out of this world delicious. My favorite Indian restaurant in the entire world is Bombay Club in Harvard Square. Delicious, in my eyes, you can't beat it. So, I came in here with high hopes.

This was the first Indian restaurant I've tried in Vegas, it's right next to Lotus of Siam, and right away that was a good sign for me. Anything that someone in my group of foodie friends recommends that is in a seedy strip mall HAS to be good.

Started off with a kingfisher beer, papadom, and the requisite sauces. Friend of mine got the mulligatawny soup, I didn't try it, but he said it was good! For dinner, I got the chicken vindaloo and kheema naan (lamb stuffed bread). I asked them to make the vindaloo as hot as they could, and I didn't have a problem eating it. Wasn't as spicy as I thought it'd be. I mean, it was spicy, but it wasn't like -  OH MY GOD IM GOING TO DIE IF I DONT GET WATER RIGHT NOW AIGDJGSADJG kind of spicy, na'mean?

Overall, though, high quality food for a very low price. I was impressed with the place and I'll definitely be going back again.
THE BEST INDIAN FOOD IN VEGAS!
My girlfriend and I were accidentally one of the first people to eat at Namaste. We were in the area and are very familiar with the great places in the tucked-away Commercial Center. As I recall we were considering going to Komol, one of our favorite Thai food restaurants and hangouts, when we saw that Namaste was finally open. We both love Indian food as she primarily eats vegetarian and Indian restaurants are easy targets for us.

THE LUNCH BUFFET FOR $9 IS NOT TO BE MISSED! Indian buffets are hit-or-miss. Some will put out the standard dishes and only have one or two really yummy entrees set out. Not Namaste! They pull out all the stops and have many favorite dishes out at the same time. 

Mind you, the place is new, and many new places will start out this way and then go downhill, but I don't think this will be the case with Namaste. Chef and owner, Om Singh, has a reputation that precedes him in the culinary world and I suspect that the quality at Namaste will endure.

We have eaten here many times since it has opened up and every meal has been outstanding. Most notably, the VEGETARIAN DINNER FOR TWO ($40) is perfect. From the first course to the last it is exceptionally yummy. The main courses are all super good and it was so plentiful we had a lot of left-overs for lunch the next day. And the dessert, especially the carrot one, is REALLY GOOD.

The wait staff is very friendly and are constantly circling the floor. The atmosphere is decent and comfortable. I attend a discussion group every Sunday afternoon and we usually go out to dinner afterward. Komol is one of our regular haunts, but now it seems that Namaste will be our new default location.
I really love this place!

Me and my friend went here for the lunch buffet a couple weeks ago after finding a coupon for it in one of the Vegas booklets. I think the coupon might've been buy 1 get 1 free, it was a really good deal. 

Once you walk in, you enter a somewhat small dining area with dark walls and dark furniture which gave it a pretty nice ambiance. Once you are seated, you just get up and go over to the buffet area. It looks pretty small, but what they have is more than enough! I tried EVERYTHING that was in the buffet and it was ALL DELICIOUS! I tried to eat as much as I possibly could because it was so good. My favorite was the Palak Panneer, it was just incredible!  I made 3 trips to the buffet just to get more and more of that.  I was so stuffed! 

I definitely recommend the lunch buffet for anyone that wants a nice taste of Indian food for a low price! I will be back here asap once I find someone to go with me!
If this is "best Indian food in Las Vegas", I will go for some other cuisine.

Daal very good. Bhindi good. Pakoras dry, salty. Chicken kabab dry. Rest average.

If you drink beer, try Kingfisher in standard 12oz bottle.  Avoid Indian beers that come in larger bottles.
This refers to the lunch buffet only at this time. 

What you need to know: 
A nice Indian place conveniently located next to Lotus of Siam. 
Warm decor and very friendly and competent staff. 
Weird hours, grab a takeout menu and write them down. 
Good selection of buffet items, especially the lamb dishes. 
Given that there are few good Indian places, this is a must try. 

Downsides: 
Some dishes get a bit cool on the buffet line ( think deep fried veggies ) 
Right next door to one of the best restaurants in town, given a choice... 
Commercial center, not a superb location. 

Definitely worthy of another go.
Luncheon buffet - I sampled the pakora, Indian pickles, raita, tamarind and mint sauces, fresh naan, basmati rice, chicken and lamb curries, saag, sambar and gajar halwa.  We have never dined at an Indian buffet in Las Vegas, but it did not compare well to the ones we frequent in Connecticut
This is not the best Indian food in Vegas, I'm disappointed to say. 

The Buffet has not changed since folks last reviewedin fact it was the same lineup, the service was poor, I asked the waiter for Garam Masala rice, basic White Basmati with hot spices, but he could not make it happen.

My family had never been to an Indian place and they loved it, could not stop talking about finally eating the lamb, got to love the Holidays.

Final review:
Basic Indian Buffet, 10 per person is an expensive lunch in this town, could be done a lot better, One Star
Was trying to go to Lotus of Siam next door, but line was too long, so we went here instead (which I assume is how they get most of their biz).  Food was good but nothing really stood out over other Indian joints.  My boyfriend and I shared the veggie dinner for 2, which was $40.  Service was good, restroom is very clean, place is nicely decorated.
Went for dinner with folks. Service spotty, starters awful, main course was OK. Mom ordered Chardonnay, for which the only descriptive word she could find was "Ganges".

I am told that lunch buffet is good. I would not recommend for dinner.
Judging from the range of scores from other reviewers I think your liking of Namaste might be based on a particular preference toward Indian food done a specific way.

I couldn't quite put my finger on what it was, but I just didn't enjoy my meal here very much.

The Chicken Tikka Masala was filled with HUGE chunks of dark meat chicken. I'm not usually a fan of dark meat but Indian cuisine usually gets it to really blend with the sauces and spices. This wasn't the case here - it was like tasteless brown meat dipped on sauce.

Meat and veg dishes on the lunch buffet were OK, but a little odd - Paneer mixed in with a dry sort of Veg offering was a little unusual and out of place.

Overall OK, but not in my first few choices for Vegas Indian.
Had very high hopes for this place based on the rave reviews of our local food critics.  Unfortunately, I gotta give it a big thumbs down.

Went for the lunch buffet so that is all I can speak about.  ALL the veggie dishes were super bland.  (Garbanzo bean dish was best of the bunch but that was it.)

Butter chicken was also good.  The tandori (sp.) chicken was grey and completely unappealing looking.  Naan was fine but very greasy.  If you like spicy food like I do, this is not the place for you.

Not sure where all the raves come for this place -- dinner menu maybe?  I like the nearby India Oven better for the lunch buffet.  All places have  good and bad days so YMMV as the cliche goes...
Quite a bargin for $10! 

The buffet was fresh, and was served with a basket of warm, buttery naan.

The Saag Paneer was very good, and the Butter Chicken was a mildly spiced curry in a rich sauce 

The decor is simple and dark. a good place for a date.
Excellent food!  I'm not a particular fan of Indian food but I must say that this is definitely the best I've ever tasted.  Me and my fiancee came here for V-Day after hearing it was one of the most romantic restaurants in Vegas.  The location (Sahara and Commercial Center) is a bit of a grungy area but we go there to eat at Komol's quite often so the less than romantic exterior didn't bother me too much.  The interior is dimly lit and pretty cozy as well.  We got seated right away and had our orders taken within the next 10 minutes.  We had a vegetable (carrot, onion, and parsley) ensemble for our starter dishes which was quite spicy but very tasty.  I also had the vegetarian stir fry which was brought out on a steaming hot plate and smelled just as good as it tasted!  This dish had a typical stir fry 'onion-y' taste and came complete with cauliflower, red and green peppers, grilled tofu, and more parsley.  My main dish was a vegetarian curry and it was awesome!  I also had garlic naan and kashmiri naan which was also killer!  The kashmiri naan was naan with a cherry-like filling and it wasn't too sweet, complementing the buttery naan exterior very nicely.  I also had the rice pudding for dessert and it was standard like other rice puddings I've had before.  Food aside, the service was pretty good.  They were a bit slow in bringing our food out and that was a bit irritating.  We were there for almost 2 hours and we are definitely not slow eaters!  They got my order wrong three times during our visit.  The wine was the wrong one and decided to let that one slide but they brought out the wrong appetizer and wrong curry.  Still not sure how that happened, but I let them know I got the wrong dishes and they gladly replaced them with the right ones and pretty quickly, at that.  They also added a 10% percent discount on our bill and gave us extra naan.  Now that's service!  We didn't ask for the discount or naan so that was a real pleasant surprise.  They had a Valentine's special going so 4 dishes and a dessert with a glass of wine came out to be $40 a person which was actually pretty good considering the regular prices of the plates which averaged around $12 dollars each.  Overall, the service was a little slow but good and the food was awesome.  Definitely coming back to experience Namaste again in the future.
Not bad at all. I only heard of this place because of Restaurant.com's deal coupon's. I'm always looking for new places so when this came up I figured, WTH. Glad I did too. I went with my girl and some friends and got 2 orders of the "dinner for 2". The food was top-notch. Very yummy. The only drawback was the service. Now are waters were always full and such but that was from the busboy. The server left much to be desired. Now I'm not one to like the server there every 90 seconds asking how it was but damn this guy was SLOW on everything and in the end he ended up taking my coupon and splitting it between us and the other couple... WITHOUT asking. Needless to say I was not thrilled about that. 

Will I go back, for the food, yes, but not the service.
fantastic lunch buffet for the price ! friendly staff . delicious butter chicken and some crazy carrot salad dish that is like crack i couldnt stop! yum
My boss recommended this Indian restaurant to me and also the chicken korma while i was there. I ended up getting the chicken korma along with bombay salad, tandoori shrimp (on the pricier side), and garlic naan. SO DELICIOUS. the garlic naan was fantastic. the service wasn't anything spectacular, but i really enjoyed the meal pretty thoroughly. 4 stars for 4 great dishes. :).
Stepped into this place for a pre-show dinner because there was a wait at Lotus of Siam next door and will definitely be going back for more!

For 3 appetizers, 2 entrees, 2 premium beers and a dessert our bill was $51.

We had the Vegetable Pakora, Onion Bahji & Paneer Naan to start things off. While we waited the waiter brought out some popadoms on the house with a sweet sauce and spicy sauce. Nice. 

For our main courses we had the Chicken Vindaloo (chicken & potatoes stewed with curry over rice) & Chicken Biriani
(Chicken, cashew nuts, vegetables, basmati rice). 

I enjoyed everything we had, and though it was probably a mistake to get 2 fried appetizers the pakora & bhaji were great & the Naan bread was soft and tasty.

The Vindaloo, for me, was perfect. It was spicy but not overpowering, and the flavors really came through in the sauce along with the tender and juicy chicken. It may not be as spicy as some Lotus regulars are used to but I thought it was spot on.

The only complaint my gf had about her dish was that it could have used more cashews. I was skeptical when she ordered the carrot based dessert, but was surprised at how good it was..probably the healthiest dessert you will ever eat.

The service was quick and friendly, and I hope this place sticks around, it didn't seem that busy at 8ish on a Tuesday...though we were surprised to see the Mayor and his wife walk through the door and sit at the adjacent booth midway through our meal!
My fav indian food restaurant for dinner~ We had the tasting set dinner for two people and everything was soooo flavorful.  The chicken tikka masala tasted great, i suppose they make it with really flavorful tandoori chicken, and the sauce has a great depth in taste.  The spinach paneer and lamb was also savory, and you can really have a good taste of the spices from their dishes. 

Went there last week for the buffet, everything was good but not a lot of variety.  Dinner was better.
Indian lunch buffets were on my mind, especially have hearing Misti Y. praise their deliciousness.

We pull into Commercial Center at 1:45 pm on a Sunday.  As we park the car, we notice there aren't too many other cars parked out front.  Hmmm...As we open the door, what a shock to see!  The place was packed full of Indians!  This was a great sign! 

I wasn't sure if there was a wait with all the people standing around of if there was a private party.  With no one to greet us at the front, the Husband goes in search of an empty table.  He finds one last table at the far back and after checking with a waiter, I get the affirmative wave.  I tell him to start first on the buffet line.  Meanwhile, I ask a waiter for some utensils.

When the waiter brings over our water, he apologizes as a tour group had just arrived, which explains all the craziness.  Nonetheless, an Indian tour group stops at Namaste in Commercial Center, of all places, for their lunch en route is still a good sign!

My turn at the buffet line!  Now, I'm no expert on Indian buffets as I've been to only a couple.  But I think the spread was pretty good for $8.99!

My favorite was the Vegetable Korma "Vegetable cooked in creamy cashew nut gravy finished with almond and garnished with coriander and cream."  This was good on rice or the hot naan "unleavened white bread" they provided.  I also liked the sauce from the Chicken Tikka Masala "Tender pieces of chicken breast roasted in homemade creamy tomato," however, we both found the chicken pieces itself to be dry.  I also liked the Allo Jerra, which were ultimately potatoes.

The Husband was loving the Saag Paneer "Spinach cooked with homemade cheese" and the Goat Curry.  

Other items on the buffet line were Pakara, a fried veggie, Cholle Masala, a dish with chickpeas; and a Cabbage Masala.  Something that was both new to us was the Uttapam, a thick pancake with a sour-like taste that was topped with a bit of tomato and onion.  Traditionally it's made from rice that has been fermented, which explains it's tangy taste.

Finishing off the meal was the Kheer, "Traditional Indian rice pudding with nuts, flavored with cardamon and rose."

At one point, I helped myself to the water pitcher.  (I wasn't sure if this was self serve since there were about four water pitchers right next to where we were sitting and the place was so crowded.  They did end up refilling my glass the next 4-5 times though.)  The waiters were pretty friendly to us once the crowd got settled in more and started clearing out.  They were quick to clear out our dirty dishes and refill the water glasses.

Namaste also has a simple, but pleasant decor with its mango painted walls, which I'm sure makes one crave a mango lassi.

Overall, definitely not a bad choice for an Indian buffet.  I was so stuffed from that meal that I didn't eat again until 10 pm that night! I don't know if it's always this busy on Sundays though, so keep that in mind!
Waking up late on a Sunday afternoon, and influenced by the Wife and some comments from Misti Y, we decided that our first meal of the day was going to be some Indian food at Namaste.  The restaurant is located in the Commercial Center right next to Lotus of Siam.  We were reassured to find the place packed full of hungry eaters, mostly of Indian descent (We later found out that most of the diners were from a tour group).  We were a bit worried about how we were going to score a table.  Luckily, there was one empty table to be found near the end of the buffet line.

The food looked and smelled incredible.  I was starving, but I had to wait in line.  There was so much to choose from for this $8.99 lunch buffet.  I just followed suit and placed whatever everybody else ahead of me was grabbing:  I couldn't stop dipping my hot buttery naan into the green chutney.  It was tangy with a minty finish.  I also enjoyed heaps of my favorite Saag Paneer (creamy spinach with chunks of cheese).  Usually, at buffets, I find the Saag Paneer to be dried out, but here it was very wet.  For meat, I really liked the goat curry.  The meat was pungent and very tender.  The sauce was tasty and spicy and compliment well with the rice.   The dish that I did not enjoy was the chicken curry.  Those pieces of chicken breast was so dry, even though they were submerged in all that curry sauce.

This is great place to go for an Indian lunch buffet.  We will definitely be back.  I hope to return for dinner at least to sample my other favorite Indian dish....lamb biryani and wash that down with a mango lassi.
This is a place you HAVE to try!  We usually go a couple of times per month for their lunch buffet.  We always eat too much of their food!  Last time we were there, the server came by with something that he wanted us to try and the sauce to go with it.  I thought it was so nice that he would go out of his way during the lunch buffet, but his tip did increase, so maybe that was his point!  Great service, great food, let's keep this place in business!
Sweet and Simple...This place is Fantastic....My boyfriend told me about this place so we decided to go....I hadn't eaten India food in a while so i was up for something different. Anything you try you will like...They also ask you how spicy you would like your food and it came out perfect.. I had the Chicken Tikka Masala...Amazing....It was Lil spicy and full of flavor. My boyfriend had the Lamb in a cashew gravy with the Garlic naan....It was so good....We finished everything and didn't feel full.... I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for something different besides bar food.....5 stars in my book...Oh and the staff was great.....Very nice and fast service...We will be back very soon....
I've been to Namaste once and had the lunch buffet. The food seemed very stale and the quality passable. Not at all something we'd frequent again. The topper is the fact that Namaste has been shut down multiple times for health code violations. That just does not sit will with me.

The recent reviews seem to suggest the food has improved. I'm not sure about that as I don't dare eat there after my first experience and their hygiene issues.
Coming from a tourist's perspective, Namaste was a welcome refuge from the crap on the Strip. Also $40 obviously goes a lot farther elsewhere.

We ordered the Aloo Tikee appetizer after they were out of veggie Samosas and we were not disappointed.

I had Lamb Tikka Masala and my girlfriend had the Malai Kofta. Everything was delicious with a perfect level of heat.

We also enjoyed the dark wood decor and the service was pretty good.  I don't know what it's like normally because we were one of two tables in the place at 9 PM.

One caveat...don't order coffee because they only have instant.
Unpretentious decor and friendly service  More importantly, the food is very good.  Order the chicken korma.  It rocks.  You won't be sorry you did.  The Naan kashmiri was unlike any other naan I'd had before.  In a good way.
First appearances can be deceiving!  Hubby and I were feeling a bit nervous when we pulled into the Sahara Commercial Center - that place just looks sad!  But oh, everything brightened when we walked into Namaste and tried their $9.99 lunch buffet.  Every single item tasted excellent - we filled our plates with all kinds of delicious things like butter chicken, navaratna korma, aloo palak, masala mutton ... and then the waiter brought us a basket of fresh hot butter naan to the table.  Oh yeah!  But it got even better, several minutes later, he brought us a freshly cooked plate of uttapam - yes you read that right!   We love South Indian snacks and it's just not so easy to find that here in Vegas.  That little touch pushed us into masala bliss!    The other cool thing that will draw us back for a dinner is that they serve quite a few Goan specialties, such as chicken xacutti and Goan shrimp curry - all quite amazing and different from their Northern Indian style counterparts.  Happy eating!
Tandoori chicken here is awesome. I've been several times but it's been 2-3 months so when I went back I was suprised to see they changed ownership. We were greeted by a sweet lady who took our owner. After our food was delivered quickly, she serenaded our table and 2 others karaoke style. Gurl can sang! Nice, cute touch so I'll definitely come back. The buffet here is a really good deal so you can try a little bit of everything. I d pay a few bucks more if they offered my favorite here - lamb vindaloo!
i went for the lunch buffet to try a variety of dishes and they did not disappoint. A perfect balance of vegetarian and meat dishes. There was a couple of dishes that had some kick but not where it overwhelmed the dish entirely. I will be returning for the dinner menu soon!!
Good cooking here, for a hole in the wall place.
Service was poor, one person for the whole dining
room, cashier and hostess, 1 person doing it all.
I arrived at 1pm, sadly they do not refresh their buffet!!!
it was dried up. It still tasted fine, but not very apetizing.
So get there early. And enjoy the super oily naan!
Wow!  We stopped in for lunch and we were pleasantly surprised. 

The lunch buffet was great. Some Indian buffets only have a few basic foods and skimp on the naan and chutneys. Not this place!

They had all of your favorites, plenty of chutneys and kept fresh naan on our table the entire time. 

I can't say enough good things about this place. Make sure you stop in for the lunch buffet and maybe you will be lucky enough to be serenaded by the nice woman who works here. 

Overall, great place and we will return the next time we are in Vegas.
Namaste - Hello, I've been waiting quite awhile to meet you.  I came today to try your lunch buffet, and it's every bit as good as others have commented!

I ate mostly vegetarian dishes because they were so good and they came first on the buffet.  There wasn't much room for anything else.  Well yes there was, but the vegetarian selections were excellent!

For plate one, I had some Saag Paneer, Dal Maknni, Butter chicken and another chicken whose name I can't remember. (Note to self - bring a notepad).  The spiciness of the first two dishes--the vegetarian ones--was simply superb!  The spices were not overpowering but were just right.  There was also a little bite which is always welcome.

For plate two, I had some Aloo Korma, Fried cabbage, Eggplant Bartha, and some more Dal Maknni.  Again, the flavors were outstanding.

Plate three - I tried three of their chutneys - tamarind, coconut, and mint.  They were all good, but the tamarind was my favorite.  I used them as a condiment on my naan.  While it was not needed--the naan was excellent--I did want to try the chutneys alone and this was the bets option for me.

My last dish was a small bowl of mango custard that was a perfect ending to the meal.  

Service was right on.  Dishes were removed, iced tea refilled, and the waiter checked on me often to see if there was anything I needed. The hostess was a simply lovely woman who was very friendly.  She had to leave while I was eating to run an errand, and she came over and thanked me for coming by and asked me to return. Top notch customer interaction!

I will be back!  Now I need to nap!

Again, hello Namaste!
Finally went here for the lunch buffet and was not disappointed.  Great service, liked the decor and most importantly the food was great.  And you cannot beat the price of $9.99!  Another Indian lunch buffet that I like is Tandoori but this place is equivalent and cheaper.  Thanks Namaste!
After hearing Misti and Bobby Y. rave about this place, We finally got to try Namaste during Misti's CMYE in conjunction with the CAC...

We shared a Table with fellow Yelpers Tony, Judd, and Lynn. Usually the buffet is only served during lunch hours, but they made an exception for this event.

If you haven't been to Namaste within the last 3 months, I STRONGLY suggest you do so...The food was outstanding! They have changed ownership and the person running the show now is Melque (pronounced "milky") Rodriguez. She and her cooks are natives from Goa,
and besides being the owner, she is also a professional singer, and your friendly hostess and server.

The buffet had quite a few meat and vegetarian options-saag paneer, veggie samosas, veggie biriyani, tandoori chicken, chicken vindaloo, butter chicken, ghana chat, yellow dal,navratham korma, the list goes on and on.

after a good couple rounds, I was happily stuffed and we'll definitely be back to try other items on the menu...ALOHA!!!
Let it be known I'm not the biggest fan of Indian food. I don't like spicy food, I hate whatever it is that makes curry yellow (tumeric?), and don't get me started on the carbs ! Indian buffets are typically more pain than pleasure for me, but I'm always down to join a group at an Indian buffet every so often for variety sake. 

I've been to 5 or so Indian buffets in my life, but this one tops them all ! I might just bend my "only eat Indian a few times a year" rule for this place. 

The ownership is new-ish (they bought the place back in June). The owners are super sweet, and most importantly the food is awesome. Like I said, I don't enjoy Indian food but I can't get their butter chicken out of my head. I've never had such amazing butter chicken before ! I put myself in a disgusting naan & butter chicken food coma, I just couldn't stop eating it. I will say the offerings are relatively small, but they are all quality. Everything was fresh and tasty and made with care. 

While the food, atmosphere, and price ($9.99) were all right on point, the highlight of my meal was when the owner serenaded us with Unforgettable by Natalie Cole! She literally picked up a mic, piped in some back ground music and points to my table and says "this one goes out to the three ladies to my right" LOL. Sheer awesomeness. I've never seen owner "karaoke" in an Indian buffet before ! 

The new owner rocks - personable, good with food, and moonlights as a lounge singer. I felt nothing but love the entire time we were there. Yup, it's decided, despite the carbs & ensuing pain from too much butter chicken - I might just have to come back here more often !
Excellent food. I loved the kadai chicken and malai kofta. Hostess offered us complimentary rice which was nice of her.
Would prefer to have the servers dressed a bit professionally rather than street clothes.
The new ownership of Namaste, improved Health Department standard as well as stellar reviews and recommendations made me suggest this as the place for a co-worker's birthday lunch. I shared the Yelp link with all and we were waiting with anticipation to partake in a bevy of curries and mop that up with Naan.

Namaste is really well done up. Dark wood paneling, soft muted lighting, cosy booths...I can see how this place could be the setting for quite the romantic date night (although Indian food may not be something you want to be eating on the first few dates!). Melque (?) the owner was very very personable. She checked up on us multiple times and sang a song ("Ungforgettable") during lunch. Yes, it was a little strange and hard to talk to my table but she did have a good voice and she's just so sweet. 

Now the food...I only ate vegetarian since...I am vegetarian...a fairly extensive selection at Namaste so that was really nice. There were the usual salads and chutneys all of which were very fresh. The Navaratan Korma (mixed vegetable curry) was really really good, the soft basmati rice with peas also very comforting and the dal makhani was creamy and tasty. I wasn't a fan of the Uthapam and Sambar. The Uthapam was too sour (I guess the batter fermented a little too long) and I'm reiterating my usual complaint that no restaurant knows what Sambar is in Las Vegas. The Aloo Gobi and Spinach and Potato Puree were passable.We got a basket of Garlic Naans that was tasty but rather tough and dry. 

My co-workers enjoyed the carnivorous fare but everyone asked me the same thing when we left..."When are we going to Mount Everest again?"

I'll definitely be back as Namaste is one of the better buffets in town and the service and ambiance is really top notch.
We got free tickets to a show at the Hilton last night and were looking for a restaurant to try in the general area. I've read a lot of good reviews for Namaste so we decided to give it a try. 

I had thought about going there a couple of times but could never bring myself to do it. I love LOS and just couldn't imagine walking past LOS to go to another restaurant. I'm glad I decided to do so last night.

We ordered garlic naan, chicken biriani (waitress' suggestion/house specialty), paneer malai (cheese in a creamy onion sauce), and kheema mutter (ground lamb in a curry sauce).

We were given papadum to start. It was good and I really liked the mint chutney that accompanied it. I wasn't as fond of the tamarind chutney, but that's because I'm not a big fan of tamarind.

My wife had a mango lassi. She said it was good but that she's had better. She prefers hers a little thicker and sweeter.

The garlic naan was good but was a little under-cooked and doughy. The chicken biriani was my wife's favorite. I liked it quite a bit, but it was a tad too minty for me. My favorite was the lamb curry. I thought the flavors were really well-balanced. The paneer malai was our least favorite, though we still liked it quite a bit. It was a tad sweet for me. They also gave us regular naan which was good and buttery.

About half way through our dinner, the waitress began to sing. She had a really nice voice. Because of her accent, some of the words were a little off on pronunciation or cadence, but overall I enjoyed her singing. My one complaint was that she had the volume up pretty high, which made it very hard to talk while she was singing. She only sang a few songs though, so it wasn't too disruptive.

Overall, we enjoyed our meal quite a bit. Next time we're going to try the lunch buffet which one of the waiters recommended (as do a bunch of Yelpers). Namaste's pretty close to my office so if it's good, I may become a regular.
Don't let the sketchy exterior of this place fool you. It's actually a pretty nice and clean restaurant. The owner who also is the main entertainer is really nice and has a great singing voice. There was also a belly dancer who kept things lively and entertaining as well.

Food was reasonably priced and very good. Everyone in our 13 people group enjoyed their food very much. Three of us shared the Lamb Vindaloo and the Tandori grill plate. That was freaking delicious...very good seasoning and flavor on the chicken, lamb and shrimp. My only complaint is about the Naan...it was a bit too toasted and not soft like what I'm used to. But no biggie..it was still very good.

Overall this place was a hit..the main reason I can't give it 5 stars is mainly due to the service. Although the waiters were friendly, they seemed a bit confused and the food took a long time to come out. Which I'm sure was due to our large party. Other than that I would definitely recommend this place.
Vegas is a mecca for many great food genres. Unfortunately Indian is not one of them. Luckily, in this wasteland there is Namaste.

This is my favorite Indian buffet in town. They keep the line fresh and clean and there are tons of options. I remember reading an article in the LV Weekly claiming they have the best chicken in town. Now that may be a bit of an overstatement, but their Tandori chicken is pretty delicious. 

When I'm in the area, it's hard for me not to end up at Komol, but I'm sometimes able to fight the urge and end up at Namaste.

I could do without the karaoke while I eat, but it is pretty entertaining (ie humorous).

Lunch or dinner. It's all good.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas and a must if you appreciate good Indian food. The lunch buffet is excellent, always some different items and a great variety.
Butter Chicken!

If you know me, I should be able to write those two words and be done with this review. For everyone else, well I guess I'll keep going.

With all the great reviews about Namaste's lunch buffet, I've been meaning to try it for quite some time. I finally had the excuse last weekend with one of my meetup groups. Situated in Commercial Center, it's not the nicest neighborhood, but being right next to Lotus of Siam, they have certainly associated themselves with a good neighbor.

The interior is well-decorated with quite a bit of wood trim. The buffet area isn't huge, but provides a good selection. For me though, it's all about the Butter Chicken. All I need is Butter Chicken and Naan for dipping and I'm a happy camper. It's just so freakin' delicious.

I should mention a little tidbit. We were all enjoying our meals and conversation when we suddenly heard one of the owners get up to sing karaoke. She didn't pick easy songs either. She sang Celine's My Heart Will Go On and Whitney's Saving All My Love. She was actually pretty good. It was just unexpected.

Random karaoke aside, $10 AYCE definitely makes me a fan of this place. The service is friendly and the food is very good. I just wish it wasn't so far from my house.
Okay so we went while at CES and they were pretty busy that night however it took 30 mins for them to come back to my table to see if I needed anything and I actually needed water. 

We also asked for a goat dish and they made it with lamb instead.  

The food was pretty good however not as refined as my fave Amber India in the bay area.  

The owner sang, however I wish she were singing Indian music because I really dont care for Mrs Dion. 

I might try it again because I think service was off due to CES, but I reserve a star because I am not completely sold.  

Yelpers seem to be very disappointed with Origins but they are next on my list.  Any other Indian recommendations? So far I think Mantra might be my fave.
Stellar!!

The food is authentically awesome. Melke, the new owner is the sweetest little thing! She even sing you some some songs as you dine.

I recently landed back in Vegas and had ZERO groceries in the fridge. We decided based upon proximity to pop into Namaste for a regular ol' meal. Boy was I surprised with the warm reception, great entertainment and fantastic chow! I actually felt like I went on a little vacation - it was such a great escape.

Victor and the rest of the crew are real kind and fun as well. Thanks guys for making that and numerous times since then a wonderful experience.
Stopped in Namaste for an extended lunch the other day with a date.  After striking up a convresation, Melque the "new" owner serenaded us for a full set!  What a treat!  She checked on us frequently and talked with us quite a bit about her home of Goa, India.  

Food is lighter and fresher than some other spots in town, consistently good and the buffet is frequently replenished.  Great value considering the price.  

What I love most about this place (besides the ultra convenient central location) is the dark, sultry wood decor.  I treasure the places in Vegas that DON'T feel like Vegas...and Namaste fits the bill. The energy in the place is authentic...and I came out feeling strangely rejuvenated and refreshed...I thought it was just lunch??
Fantastic food. After reading the reviews I thought I would give this restaurant a try. What a gem! This has to be one of the best Indian food dining experiences I've  had.  All dishes ordered were delicious. 
We missed the lunch buffe where we could have tasted more dishes but we did experience 5 different entrees.

Service was attentive and friendly.  

Melque, the owner and entertainer (She has a lovely voice) made our dinner quite memorable.  We will go back.
Small local restaurant, but cheap price, good food, and lovely owner sing a song for you.
This was really a treat. The owner is warm and willing to discuss the menu in detail. She planned a meal for me and my wife that was really delicious--some of the best lower-priced Indian I've had. Wonderful veggie curry and a Brihani my wife couldn't get enough of. 

Highly recommended.
I went with a friend on a thursday night and it was dead. The service was prompt and the food was great. I recommend the somosas, tandoori sampler and garlic naan.
The food was pretty good. The lady owner was really nice. She also sang karaoke while we were eating. Price is great.
Namaste's food, whether buffet or dinner plates, is consistently some of the best Indian food I've ever had.
This was our first venture dining away from the strip & it was a huge success. Truly this was one of the best Indian food experiences of my life... second only to restaurants in Singapore. Fresh, complex, delicious ingredients prepared with care. The breads were outstanding. The vegetarian dishes were superb. And the whole meal was CHEAP. Win!
Awesome place.  We stopped in last night and after deciding to try something new.  This place hit the spot and they were also having an "Open Mic" night.  Which was kinda weird in a cool sort of way.

The owner Melque was really nice and she recommended some dishes for us.  Our waiter Rob was really great and personable.  Toward the end of our meal, Melque got up and sang a song!  

Overall this place was great!
The lunch buffet is great! The dinner is pricey and the portions are a little too small. The lunch buffet never leaves me unsatisfied and never breaks my wallet!
Great food! I finally found an Indian restaurant in Vegas after 3 years of being here. It was kind of funny actually I got a groupon for this restaurant and finally was able to use it. It was Saturday night and when I walked in this little Indian woman was singing "I will always love you". :) I didn't expect that but she has a great voice. Then as soon as she was finished with the song she said that a belly dancer would be out shortly. It was kind of funny this whole night of entertainment when I had only expected to find a mediocre restaurant with mediocre food. 

My friend ordered this awesome soup- spinach and chicken I think. Yummy. Our main dishes were lamb vindaloo and chicken tika masala. They were both so delicious. The nan was fresh and fluffy. 

The owner (the singer) came by to see how we were doing, and because I was so impressed with the food I wanted to hug her. We got to talking and she was really nice that she made me decide on the spot that not only would it be one of my favorite restaurants, but all my friends favorite too. Can't wait to go back.
Pretty good food.  Friendly staff.
Food here is great.  Whether it be the lunch buffet or dinner menu.  Not too fond of the evening singer they have at the restaurant. But food is great, hands down!
this is absolutely the best indian food i have ever had anywhere. i would highly recommend anyone that reads this review to go here and eat. order the paneer shashlik as your appitizer, you will not be disappointed.
Yep! I have visited Namaste twice within the last six months, both times for dinner.  Outside of it being in Commercial Center (a relatively seedy side of Vegas) this restaurant rocks.  The interior of the location is very dark and ominous and absolutely perfect for a romantic evening.

We were greeted by the owner who was an energetic as possible.  Our drink orders were placed and delivered within a short amount of time and then the waiter assisted us with our dining options.

We decided upon a Lamb Josh, Garlic Naan and the Butter Chicken.  I have had butter chicken before, but none as succulent as this.  This was very fragrant, juicy and just downright delicious. It has to be some of the best Butter Chicken I have ever had, hands down.  The Lamb was also very tasty and was not heavy at all. The Naan was also very good.

Very few restaurants make you want to try everything on their menu at least once...this is that place.  The food is addictive and when coupled with the ambiance of the location, it just made it a downright special place to go.

I would highly recommend this plae to family and friends.
We were visiting Vegas from out of town for the weekend and Yelp reviews point us to Namaste! This place is great! The food, service and owner/singer are absolutely fabulous! The owner and staff are happy to recommend items on the menu for those that aren't so familiar with Indian food. All recommendations were DELICIOUS! 

Every time we are in town, we will dine at Namaste!
First Indian Place I have been to in las vegas and i was excited. I had read the reviews on yelp and was anxious to try the place out.

You walk in and immediately you are succumb to a dark, woody, quiet environment. It is calm, soothing and relaxing. The booths were nice and big and very comfy.

I deducted a star because as an American, I should always have the option to American drinks. No tea, no lemonade, no soda. Water or Lassi seemed to be our only option and I was disappointed in that.

The food was good, not great. I have had definately had better Indian Food. I was extremely happy that they had Butter Chicken but in my opinion it should have been a little more creamier. 

The tandori chicken didn't seem authentic either. So that was big a NO for me.

The naan, wasn't the freshest or softest I have had either. 

Maybe it was the day we went but I felt they should have had more variety for chutneys.

The buffet itself was a bit pricey for the amount of different choices they offered. 

I did like most of what I had. Very filling. Ate one and half plates.

No indian people eating there either. That should have been my number one sign.

I would go back - maybe.
Really wonderful place and amazing food. The owner is SO authentic, and you cant help to feel the care and love she puts in the dishes and each customer is so important to her. The restaurant is very clean and cozy too. So nice to be in a tranquil enviroment in las vegas, even though it is in that crazy strip mall.......you are 100% transported and only are reminded as you head to your car. 
Try the Samoas, Tikka Marsala, chicken soup, and dont miss the garlic nann.
No doubt we will be back....Big Thanks to Groupon, to help to have us check it out....it is a homerun! Om Namah Shivaya
Namaste owner Melque Rodrigues is the hardest-working woman in the Las Vegas restaurant business. She greets customers, seats them, serves them, sings for them (you gotta hear her Whitney Houston and Ella Fitzgerald!), then rings up their (affordable) check. She, alone, is reason enough to visit the Indian restaurant. But there are many others, including a relaxing atmosphere (booths, mood lighting, dark wood floors and walls), convenient location (in historic Commercial Center, just east of the Strip) and delicious food (start with the lamb chops and move on to the aloo gobi). Skip the overpriced, overrated and impersonal restaurants on the Strip and in the 'burbs and visit this independent up-and-comer.
Food was mediocre, we were forced to listen to karaoke and it took forever to get our change. On the upside, the lady was super nice! 

P.S. Do not order the lamb sagwaala unless you like salsa.
Sadly, I have to withdraw my previously positive review and add my recent unpleasant experience.  Previously, I had only visited for the lunch buffet, which is good and reasonably priced.  
Dinner is a different story.  I purchased a groupon because I have always enjoyed this place.  (Except, of course, the owner's occasional need to karaoke.  Can someone tell her that she is too loud and not Whitney Houston?)  

We attempted to go there two weeks ago, but the roof had a flood.  We spoke with the owner for a few minutes.  We walked in at 6pm and there was still a three foot by four foot puddle on the floor.  She rents the space, but why not clean it up?  

So, we returned there last night to try again.  The food was good, not great and the rice was sparse.  So, when we asked for our left overs to go, we asked if we could get a little more rice to take home with us.  There was an additional $2 charge on the bill for rice.  

This was the big deal: She wrote in an 18% tip on the overall bill!  Now, I would have completely understood if she wrote a quick note on the side with the calculations for 15%, 18%, and 20% tip on the total bill.  But to write in the tip on a table for two just because we were using a groupon is uncalled for.  My friend, who was paying the difference, was so mad, so crossed it off and gave her a 13% tip.  

Lastly, when the owner is serving me, I feel less bad about the tip considering that is not how she makes her wages, unlike normal wait staff.
The BF and I have been watching a lot about Indian food lately so we're on a kick for some. I've had this bookmarked for a long time and wanted to see what the fuss is about. 

When we walked in, the owner was belting out some tunes so we just waited for her to finish to get our drinks in. I'm Filipino so I've been disenfranchised and subjected to a lot of karaoke. Some people might like the entertainment, but fair warning that if you're not keen on it, you might catch one song but not a whole performance. 

We did the buffet for $10.99. I also ordered a mango lassi, good but standard. The spread was decent. With 2 chicken dishes, 6 or so veggie dishes, salad, chutneys/raita, naan,rice, spongy little cakes (dont know the name), potato pakora, rice pudding and oranges for sweets. 

We both thought it was decent, but this is not our favorite lunch buffet. The standout for me was the saag which had a nice gingery flavor and creamy texture  and the refreshing rice pudding. I wish the naan wasn't premade and was fresh made as some of them were really crunchy for sitting out. The flavors were good, but I don't like that some of the items were precut bagged vegetable mix  and they were doing their supply order while we were there and it confirmed what was frozen and what was not. I know times aren't the best for businesses, but fresh vegetables is one of the reasons why I'm drawn to Indian food. 

I would say it was a 3.5 star buffet, I'll round up as the service was very warm, friendly and attentive and the atmosphere is nice. I just don't think I will be coming that often when we both have a love for a place we know uses better quality ingredients and we built a repoire with already.
Love this place!  Melque is absolutely adorable and makes every visit that more special with her warmth.  The food is to die for.  Hands down best Indian cuisine I've had.
A group of us went here before going to a show. The food was average, but the best part of the evening was when the waitress put down her tray and started singing a karaoke version of "I Will Always Love You.". The key change was hilarious and she belted it like she was Celine or something. 

Best part was, it is next to Lotus of Suam which is far better in quality!!
1 star for good curries
1 star for ambiance
1 star for clean rest room

I have taken stars off for
hard basmati rice
and the service. Also heard the waiter and the owner quarreling over some leaves that the waiter wanted to take but was denied.
Food Is amazing. Went with another and ordered the Namaste special meat option for 2, and it was more then enough for the both of us. The waitress/Owner was more then kind, and even sang for us. (Quite the Multi-Tasker : ) The flavoring was exceptional, and the Lassi was good and thick. 5 stars!
This is going to be short and sweet. The food was amazing and the owner lovely and genuine.
Not bad food. The karaoke though was a bit much and ruins any conversation you may be trying to have w/ a friend...the lady singing looks like an indian halle berry...SWEAR! Oh yeah...the area of town its in...don't reccomend it late at night...kinda weird crowd in the parking lot.
Before making a visit to Namaste, I have never tried Indian and had no particular interest in it.  Since I was on vacation I thought that I could give it a try and I was not disappointed.  I would just like to say that this food is really hit or miss because to an average person a lot of the food generally tastes the same with the addition/subtraction of meats and veggies.  The food did look a bit unappetizing but once you get started, you will find yourself in a bloated bliss.  **Did not have the runs**
This place is in a horrible neighbor hood. So if you choose to go here, then do get a cab or car. We walked there and felt very insecure. Place is dark and dingy. I didnt have the courage to try the restrooms. 

Horrible food. Pathetic ambience. We went there for a Sunday Buffett, they were clearly not prepared. Their food containers were half full, may be it was left over food from Saturday. In fact, when one of the vegetables was over, I asked them to get more.., they put water in it and got it back. Bread service was slow and poor. 

Save your money. Don't go here! Try something more popular on the strip.
Just had the lamb josh and lamb vindaloo, both were amazing. The highlight of the night was the panner shashlik. Simply amazing. 

A great night. We will certainly be back.
Its a mission to find an Indian restaurant that has good food, good service, and good value at dinner time. Indian food is generally enjoyed at their self-serve lunch buffets. But I had a craving for some curry at 7pm.

I have to say I have never received such poor service in my life. The waiter wasn't rude 'per se' but his way of speaking was very condescending. Every question or comment we had he rolled his eyes or had something very short to say. 

CLEANLINESS = NO! The person I was dining with dropped their napkin on the floor on their way to the bathroom. An Indian woman who appeared to be either the owner or the manager proceeded to pick it up (OFF THE FLOOR) and place it on top of our table (where we will eat). I was absolutely disgusted and demanded another napkin.

The lamb we ordered was such poor quality. It was very gamy and was overcooked and dry. We ordered plain and garlic naan. The garlic naan had good flavor but they were both overcooked and almost crispy. I can't remember what our 2nd entree was but it obviously wasn't worth remembering.

Good ratings mean nothing to me if the food quality (and especially cleanliness) isn't there. 

EAT SOMEWHERE ELSE.
decent place. I really liked there garlic naan. Also, there butter chicken had great flavor. Those were the choices i got from the yelp reviews, wanted to try the sashlik but it was made out of cottage cheese so maybe I'll try next time when I'm in the mood. Got the meat appetizer also, it was ok. I'd probably be back for the naan and the butter chicken.
This is a very unique Indian restaurant in Las Vegas.  The ambiance is very pleasant and relaxing. We were greeted with a very warm welcome and introduced to some of their specials.  We ordered the Lamb Vindaloo, butter chicken, garlic naan and vegetables biriani.  It was all very delicious and nicely presented.

Melque's singing was a plus to the dining experience. She sang from her heart and has a soulful voice. The Lunch buffet here is also very reasonably priced and offers a wide selection.  This is definitely one of my favorite Indian restaurants.
First off the owner has an amazing voice.  And if you talk to her enough you can get her to sing you a song.

The buffet has a nice selection of both vegetarian and non vegetarian foods.  They lose a star in some of the food being over seasoned.   

I do deduct a star for not having the best naan which I think is essential to Indian cuisine.

Still it was an enjoyable experience there and the service is great.
I would honestly give this 3.5 stars. We've only had the lunch buffet and their fresh nan bread is AMAZING. The butter chicken was very flavorful and rich, saag paneer had firm paneer chunks and chicken tandori was juicy. They had a decent amount of selection and the food was warm/hot. 

The lady that was serving us was nice and friendly. My only problem with this place is that they put a lot of cream into the buffet (a trick used get customers full faster) and you can feel that when you're done eating. Their masala chai was very bland as well and just tasted like plain tea. 

In all until I try their dinner menu I'm not overly impressed with this place but I have to say their nan bread is one of the best ever and we will go back just for that.
I have only been here for lunch.  They have a great lunch buffet. Naan is fresh and tandori chicken is tasty.  Service was above average and attentive.

The price is reasonable and I'll return again for lunch.  Considering the casual ambiance, I don't think I would consider this place for a night out of Indian food.  By all means, check out the lunch buffet for a quick, tasty Indian meal.
We went to Namaste and took a friend who was visiting Vegas.  He had been several times to India.  We are big fans of Indian food and we all loved this place!  We ordered off the menu, even though it was lunch time (buffet available) and had just a lovely meal.  I had the lamb vindaloo, which was amazing, some of the best I've had, but not like any I've had before.  This one had a very unique flavor, more tomato taste and quite lovely.  Chicken Tiki Masala was also incredible, but I think the best thing was the house specialty shrimp.  The naan was good and soft and hot.  Melque, the owner, even treated us to two songs.  I will dine at Namaste again, a lot.  Loved it.
Go for the lunch buffet, stay for the great service!
The spread was pretty decent, with a couple chicken dishes and lots of vegetarian options. 
the tandoor chicken was juicy, surprising for a buffet, but my favorite was probably the cabbage. I also enjoyed the chutneys and the dessert. Pass on the plain mango lahsee. The butter chicken was ok, but I like a really creamy chicken with legs and thighs not chicken breast. I'm convinced white people want white meat and complain so that's why it's made with breast, but what do I know anyway?
This is so far the tastiest Indian food I have had in Las Vegas. I'm not sure if dinner will ever happen because for now, the lunch buffet is a great price to try a few different dishes.
Great place for a quick, easy lunch for great and tasty Indian food.  From one end of the buffet to the other, the lunch menu offered great tasting food.  Great food always starts with fresh ingredients, and the freshness in Nasmaste's food really shines through.  The owner was super pleasant and really a pleasure to speak with.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for delicious food, Indian or otherwise (I'm actually not a fan, but I loved the food).  

The restaurant has a nice clean look that is soft and comfortable.  The service was great too.
This review is for their lunch buffet. I came in around 1pm after a day at the Korean spa. They are open from 11:30pm-2:30pm for lunch and then reopen at 5pm for dinner. 

Yet again I almost missed out on a solid place because I was going to walk out. First glances can be deceptive, especially when you walk into an empty restaurant in the middle of lunch hours. I decided to stay anyways due to all the high reviews of this place. I cannot say that Yelp has lead me astray. 

The lunch buffet is smaller than other restaurants and does not offer saag. I was disappointed to see that their paneer is without the homemade cheese cubes. I did enjoy their butter chicken and aloo gobi though. In the beginning, I was counting all of my favorite items that was missing, but after a few bites I was enjoying what they did offer. 

Unlike other places, the items in the warmers were kept piping hot. Nothing was lukewarm. The fried potatoes retained a crispiness that is normally unheard of in buffets. Overall I was impressed with how attentive the owner was. She cleared plates, refilled my water, and checked up on me frequently. I overheard her conversation about the restaurant having a tough time, but she doesn't let it show in the quality of the food. I hope their business picks up, because it is a solid option for those not too familiar with Indian or someone who loves butter chicken (Which I don't see too often on the line).
This review is for dinner service and not the lunch buffet. We dined here Saturday night and overall experience was enjoyable. 

The restaurant was fairly empty (two other tables occupying the space) which was slightly worrisome. Our server was also the owner and she was pleasant and sweet. We started off with a bottle of Cabernet and two appetizers: Chicken Pakoras and Vegetable Samosas. I was not particularly impressed with either, but 2 out of the 4 in our party enjoyed both. 

Our entrees were following: Butter Chicken (very good), Saag Paneer (nothing special), Goan Shrimp Curry (my favorite out of our choices, exceptionally good), Lamb Tikka Masala (also good), Chicken Vindaloo (did not try, but rest of the party enjoyed). We also had four orders of garlic naan which seemed a little too crispy for my liking. 

Although not perfect, the food and service here are well above par. I will definitely be returning to sample more of their menu and of course indulge in more Goan Shrimp Curry!
Went in here for dinner with a friend and was pleasantly surprised.  I tried the buffet in order to maximize my dinner with different options. Everything tasted great. The butter chicken and the chicken curry were both my favorite. The owner was very pleasant and helpful in explaining things to me, with it being my first time eating Indian food. 

It was definitely a good dining experience and with the food being so delicious I will definitely go back!
It made me a little sad to eat here because I really had to go out of my way and into a shady area to experience some lame food. At least the service was good and the owner is pretty funny and charismatic.

So, the food. I was here specifically for the lunch buffet. I'm sure if it was bustling full of people it wouldn't be as lame. It was clearly just sitting there. It had a film over the top. Usually most places at least stir the food around to avoid this effect. So, the stale food was just ok. Nothing special. I'm sure it would be a little better fresh, and a lot better with more than a handful of items to pick from.

I can't speak for made-to-order items during dinner, but definitely avoid this place for lunch. It just isn't worth it.
One of the best Indian restaurants we've eaten at in the Vegas area.  We went here for our anniversary, and the food was good and the atmosphere was fun.
We went there on a Sep long weekend.

The interior is Ok. but the food is amazing. We had a chat with the owner she was really nice. She is an amazing singer. She even dedicated a song for us. We were there for 3 nights so night before this we had dinner in Gandhi's which is good to but this is better :) and the customer service is amazing. Will definitely recommend  it.
Ahhn and if you plan to go try the malai dish it is delicious.

Little expensive though.
6 of us ate here and thoroughly enjoyed Melque's advice on what to order. The food was amazing. What we weren't expecting was also her entertainment! She sang so richly while we ate. What a treat! I highly recommend eating here! Delicious! We will return!
I stand by my belief that I hate buffets.  BUT, if you make a buffet that is compact (meaning small and only consisting of delicious dishes), steps from where I am sitting and slap a $10.99 price tag on it, then you and I can dance.  Namaste's lunch buffet is all those things.  

This is a small restaurant, so no matter where you are sitting, you are close to the action.  The naan bread is fresh out of the oven and worth the brief wait so it comes out piping hot and delicious.  My favorite, as is true of most Indian restaurants, was the butter chicken.  The only con is that there were no samosas on the bar but, frankly, much like sushi, samosas are never good on a buffet anyway.  

The little lady who is running this place is maybe the cutest little thing ever.  I wanted to put her in my pocket and take her home with me (which is made even weirder by the fact that I am maybe an inch taller than her haha). So nice and genuine and you can really tell she takes pride in her place.  She told my friend and I that she sings nightly.  Wish the neighborhood were close to my home so I could stop in here for dinner sometime and check it out.  But no doubt, I'll be hitting up this lunch buffet again soon.
I'd been to Namaste several times for dinner and once for lunch in the past, but it had been far too long of a lapse from going.  Decided to go for lunch today since I'm still embarked on "Las Vegas Indian Lunch Buffet Tour 2012" and inexplicably had not tried it in long enough to warrant a review.

I was actually very impressed with the times I went to Namaste for dinner.  One of those occasions would have warranted a 5 and the other a 4, so I should be ashamed of myself for not posting a review then and instead hitting them with a 3 for today's lunch buffet, but that's exactly what I'm going to do.

Let me start off by saying service was fantastic, and the gentleman who seated us was very friendly and made sure my iced tea stayed flowing (iced tea was delicious by the way, it was one of those fruit flavored kinds which I'm not certain of, but very tasty nonetheless) and that there was always a plate of hot naan at the table.  The first portion we received of naan was excellent.  Soft, fresh and with a great flavor.  The 2nd plate was a little overcooked and therefore too crispy for my liking, but overall the naan was fine.  

As for the selections on the actual buffet, I was a tad disappointed.  A minor gripe is layout wise the rice was at the end of the line.  I think it works much better at the front so I can keep piling all the various curries and dals over the rice, instead of vice versa which is what I ended up doing.   As for the food itself, I was a big fan of the Saag (hooray for it not being Saag Paneer like I normally find at buffets as I can't handle the cheese).   I also thought the Potato Pakora was delicious and unique to any pakora offerings I've had elsewhere.  The chicken curry was a fine version, and the piece of chicken I ended up with were very tender and flavorful.   The rest of it was fairly average to me.  It could just be a preference thing, but I found most of the other offerings to be very thin in consistency, almost soup like, while I guess I tend to prefer a thicker dal or curry with my rice.   When I'd try to scoop a spoonful of most of these onto my plate, they immediately would go all over the entire plate and mix into everything else.  If you've read my other reviews you know I generally like this when I eat Indian food, but the point is I like to do it MYSELF, to be the master of my own domain so to speak.  

Generally I also just found the offerings limited compared to my favorite lunch buffets Mt Everest and Mint.  I'm a samosa fiend so not having those effects me (and Namaste makes a fine version from what I've had at dinner).   I would have also liked to see more meat offerings (they had 3 chicken dishes, but 2 were prepared in butter or yogurt so they were off limits to my sensitive, annoying tummy).   It's quite possible I caught them on a day with a selection that just didn't suit my needs, but even if that's the case the fact that I've never caught Everest or Mint in that situation speaks volumes to me.
Myself and Wife had visited Vegas for ??? - Yes Pure fun and stumbled on Namaste Indian Cuisine. It was the best food we had in Vegas. The owner Melque was so kind and attentive and always going out of way to make us feel comfortable. The food was of course amazing and me being Vegan - I was just amazed at the choices. So we decided to go back again before we left Vegas for Buffet and the food again was just excellent. Everything was fresh and service always the best. To top off the wonderful food - Melque( the owner - a professional singer ) also sang some beautiful notes for us and made our lunch special. So what can you ask more - Good food - Good Music and Good Ambiance. We will surely be back when we are in Vegas - We miss you Melque!!!!!!! and of course the wonderful food - Please open one in Denver CO and we will be your loyal customers!! Keep up the great service and food.

Sairam Hiremagalur and Sinduja Raghavan
Denver CO
I was in Las Vegas for a trip in the month of august with my friends.
The lunch buffet was about to close in 30 minutes when we walked in and i felt we were late for the lunch. The ambiance was ok and staff paid attention when we walked inside. The owner of the restaurant was also working along with restaurant staff. They have very limited number of items for the lunch buffet. The food in the containers was about to finish and we asked the waitress to get the food. I liked the curry with boiled eggs and it was perfect combination with Naan's. The food is not so spicy and the price of the buffet was ok. I guess we shouldn't expect spicy Indian food in a city like Las Vegas. Disappointing Indian buffet!!!!!
Don't let the neighborhood fool you- inside is warm and pleasant. The food is exceptional and if the owner makes a suggestion, take it - you'll love it!!!
Super horrible Indian restaurant to visit in Vegas. The food is too pricy. The lady over there was too harsh and service was pathetic. I would never recommend this place. 

I wished to give them a zero but there is no option.
I was visiting a friend, and he and his son took me for some Indian Cuisine, as it turns out it was the right place to go. While not being new to the Indian flavor of food, Namaste did offer some new twist on an otherwise stable menu, as always I tend to heed the suggestions for the Own/help, and not being afraid to try new things seem to always payoff. In my opinion, this is one of the better places for Indian food, try it and enjoy.l
We went here for lunch on our trip to Vegas and really enjoyed the food and found it to be authentic and tasty. The host was friendly and it seemed like a nice family owned business. The naan was great, butter chicken and saag was good, rice was a bit hard as it was left steaming for a long time and the kheer could have been much better. All in all a very nice meal.
Good food and nice service. The owner serves excellent food and then will sing to resteraunt patrons, if you are lucky. Give it a go and you'll enjoy your Indaian food escapade.
I've been here once before and thought it was fantastic. 
This time we walked in and they pretty much told us we had to get the buffet, which I didn't even know was an option for dinner. We told her we had a Groupon and she said they'd still take it. I think we appeared disappointed, so she encouraged us to check out the buffet and gave us time to decide. The buffet had limited items but we were probably going to get Chicken Tikka Masala or Curry anyway and both were on the buffet. Our Groupon was set to expire in a week so we figured we better just use it. I think the owner sensed our hesitation and finally offered us the whole menu but she said it'd be a long wait for food nice they were getting busy. Only the booths were occupied so it didn't seem busy but we decided to stick with the buffet option, we were pretty hungry. She also moved us to a different booth, both of which seemed dirty, very confusing.
We were given a fresh basket of Naan and our drinks. And on to the buffet, I think the Chicken Curry was the best thing on the buffet but was pretty picked through and there wasn't much left. Tikka Masala was kind of bland, I make better at home. The Tandoori chicken was good but we kept getting little broken bits of bone in the meat around the whole bone. I didn't really like their dal either.
The entire time we were there workers kept walking back and forth with big sheets to set tables, aren't they closed after lunch to do this? We got there about 6 so there couldn't have been that many people in and out that quickly. The waitress/owner was very nice and apologetic throughout but the entire experience was strange. With all the good Indian options in town, I doubt I'll go back.
The lunch buffet is good; however, there are much better Indian buffets in town. 
I went the the restaurant for dinner using a groupon. I ordered the shrimp curry house special and was very disappointed. The curry was ok, but the curry only contained 5 small shrimp and cost nearly $20. The restaurant is simply not worth it for mediocre food, and it shows based on the empty dinning room. If your in the area and not able to get into Lotus, please try another restaurant in the complex. There are much better options than Namaste.
I like the lunch buffet. The owner is a nice genuine person who interacts with guest.
Wow. $12 for an awesome lunch buffett. Ask the hostess nicely and she will sing frank sinatra or whitney songs.  Try this place and you wont be disappointed.
So sad, rolled up to a sign today that said closed indefinitely.
I've only ever ordered a takeaway from here, I've never actually eaten in their restaurant itself, but this is without a shadow of a doubt my favourite indian takeaway spot in Edinburgh.

For starters, the food is great value - their set meal for 2 people includes chicken and vegetable pakoras, any 2 lamb or chicken curries and any 2 naan and/or rice for 12.95... but you wouldn't think it was that cheap to taste it.  

What's more, even on weekends the delivery is always quick (I've never waited more than half an hour) and it's always piping hot when it arrives... For me there's nothing worse than realising you're starving, ordering a takeaway, only to spend the next hour/hour and a half pacing in front of the window wondering where the hell it is!

You'll need to order from here at least half a dozen times before you can even begin to decide which is your favourite dish, mainly due to the huge variety on the menu. I'd highly recommend the Chicken Chasni which is tandoori grilled, then cooked with ground nuts, chillies, green peppers, garlic and cream. It definitely hits the spot!

It's not often I get takeaways, I'm really lazy and takeaways tend to guilt-trip me into having to go to the gym the next day, but if you're going to get one then get it from here.
From the outside, Manna Mahal doesnt look anything special - just a simple and standard Indian restaurant. Nor does it look anything special on the inside, traditional looking and plain.

However, how the restraunt looks isnt why I come here time and agin. It's the food.

Always well flavoured and good quality the food is simply outstanding - its the equvalent of your mums home cooking. Simple, delicious and morish. Further more, they do it as a take away, and thats great as well. The food is also remarkably cheap.Service in Manna Mehal isnt anything to write home about, but it isnt awful either.

So there you have it, great food and a nice (if plain) setting to eat it in.
As others have said, Manna Mahal doesn't look like the snazziest joint in the town. However don't judge a book, or an Indian Restaurant, by its cover.

I first tasted what Manna Mahal had to offer when a takeaway. I was pleasantly surprised. I came back again and sat in. This time I was a little less impressed. The food wasn't quite what I ordered and overall it didn't live up to me previous experience. This could have been a bad night because I have ordered takeaway again and it has been fine. The prices are really good, especially by Edinburgh standards, and portions are a generous size.

If you don't mind simple curry and simply decor and you like good Indian food, check this place out. I wouldn't recommend it for showing fancy dining, but for straight forward takeaway/lazy night out, your on good ground.
Manna Mahal is only a ten miute walk away from where I live in Edinburgh and over the past year I've been here at least three times.  The atmosphere inside is tranquil whilst the service is pleasant and fast as anthing.  However, the food has to be the highlight of the restaurant (obviously) as it all tastes amazing and is surpsisingly cheap.  The startes are mostly 3 and the mains are only around 7 each.  I had the mutton coconut starter followed by the butter chicken the last time I was in and the quality of the meat in both was outstanding.  The sauce which the chicken was in had a great range of flavours and was amazingly creamy.
I really like this place and recommend it without a doubt.
Don't be fooled! This food court corner is run by the same fellas that do some major gourmet Indian cuisine in Vegas and elsewhere! I was floored -- great food. 

Definitely check out their one-of-a-kind fried cauliflower dish.
After a grueling day of shooting pool in the Southwest Challenge, I was pleased to find that the food court at the Riviera had an INDIAN RESTAURANT. At first, I thought I was hallucinating, but once the smell of the shahi paneer and garlic naan that I ordered hit my nose, I realized that this blissful little moment was actually taking place. The staff was friendly, excited even, over my obvious enthusiasm. I came back the next day and had the malai kofta, also excellent.  When I return for the National APA Team Championship in August, I will definitely be at India Masala!
A couple of weeks ago my husband and I went to a festival celebrating Indian culture and food at the county building. While there, we sampled food from several Indian restaurants around town, and were most pleased with what we had at the booth of India Masala, which is permanently located in the Riviera. For the first time we had dosa, a lentil and rice pancake/crepe that is a typical dish of Southern India. We happened to pick up a postcard offering 25% off our check so we decided to head to the Riviera to see what else was being offered.

It's no surprise that the Riviera is on its last legs, and ranks up there with Circus Circus as being the most rundown hotel on the strip. We certainly worked up an appetite as we made the looooong walk from the parking garage to the food court (next time I'd valet in the front of the casino). No, we weren't expecting Indian Masala to be a semi-fast food restaurant, but as it turns out, it was. The prices aren't really justified considering this, but the food is really good and it was packed with more Indians and convention attendees than any other tenant's space when we were there (see below), so we figured it was safe to stay. We had to wait about in line for five minutes and then another ten minutes or so for our food, which was a bit frustrating, but I felt rewarded when I got my dosa. Today I opted for one stuffed with spinach, the palak dosa ($7.99), but you can also choose from a filling of chickpeas (chole), potatoes (masala), or no filling at all (plain). It is served with what I learned to be the traditional accompaniments, sambar (a vegetable soup) and coconut chutney (imagine a thick and textured almond milk). There is also a third side that I can best describe as a pureed and spiced red bell pepper spread. The dosa is flavorful enough on its own, but the sauces add another dimension and were very much enjoyed. The dosa itself is delicate, with a browned, crisp exterior and a soft, lightly chewy interior. You can get a better idea of the textural difference when you order it plain, but the filling makes it a meal. I must say it's a dish that's growing on me, and I'd bear the pain of walking through that casino to enjoy another one day. My husband was less thrilled with his dish, but it seems to me that the emphasis here is on lesser known Southern Indian cuisine so chicken vindaloo ($11.99) might not have been the best option. This vindaloo was flavorful but not nearly hot enough for Ian who asked them to make it as spicy as possible. The larger problem was the color of the sauce, which was reminiscent of an artificially colored sweet and sour. The color should have been deeper and darker had it been a result of the spices. Things that don't look natural probably aren't, so we'll just say this color most likely wasn't derived from where it should have been.

If you are interested in trying a new kind of Indian dish that isn't available at other restaurants around town (as far as I know), I would definitely recommend coming here for the dosa. I'd be willing to try a few other things but I think what I had was the most reasonably priced for you what you get, and certainly the most unique.
For location and atmosphere this place is 1 star - Located in a bordering-on-skeezy food court at The Riviera.

Food is great however - extremely decent, with some of the hugest and tastiest naan around.

I wouldn't go here over most of the sit down places in town, simply because I want some service and don't like food courts, but if you're trapped at The Riviera this is infinitely better than the rest of the crap they serve up (It sure was depressing to see how the vast majority of people opted for lowest common denominator hamburgers and hot dogs over wonderful Indian cuisine).
Thank you Sheila B. for piquing my interest.  Eric R. and I did a few hikes at Valley of Fire state park and headed back to Vegas around 2 PM starving.  He asked me if I had anything bookmarked on the north strip (look at him, pretending to know everything about Yelp!) and I said India Masala at the Riviera!!! haha we laughed - I had never been to the Riviera ever!

We parked and wandered through the maze and there it was, in the food court.  I ordered a masala dosa and Eric got the tandoori combo.  His came with naan, cilantro chutney, tandoori chicken on the bone, chicken tikka, chicken kabob, some other chicken seasoned, and daal (lentils).  Mine came with coconut and tomato chutneys and spiced tomato soup.

The meals were filling and tasty.  I loved the chutneys, especially the cilantro, and it did its justice with my nose running!!  I would return for this "hidden gem."
Why is this place the best Indian food in Vegas? Well... because it is the only Indian food I had in Vegas. By default it wins. 

But it wins in other ways. Its is fracking cheap, relatively speaking of course. The menu is quite huge and it puts the other guys in the food court to shame. 

The service is pretty good and the wait time is decent considering the queue of customers and staff on hand.

The food itself is a little heavy, which is to be expected, but otherwise really really really good. 

It was soo good that I had to have it twice during my weekend stay in town. If I ever find myself wishing I wasn't in the Riviera casino, I know I'll be swinging by here to kill time as well as my time.
The food here is amazing. We went with some friends that were visiting from out of town, and they loved it so much that we went twice in 3 days.The best thing about this place is that the food is fresh and tasty and very close to homemade food.
The masala dosa is crisp and yummy(infact we had many people looking curiously at what this food was). The veg dishes including palak paneer come with a naan and rice. Our friends tried the tandoori combo which was very good as well as the fish curry and goa chicken.
The ambience is ok but the food is really good.
It's a real shame this place is in the nasty old Riviera, because it really is as good as everyone says.

One of the things I hate about every other Indian restaurant I've been to in Vegas is that I always feel like I pay a lot and don't get a lot. Well, not here! The portions are ginormous -- a great value.

And the two dishes we ordered were fabulous. I can't wait to go back and try more! I just wish we didn't have to go to the Riviera to do it!

This would get 5 stars if I didn't have to sit in a nasty food court and eat their yummy food off of a paper plate.

If you can get over that, though...do it! It's worth it I promise.
Butter Chicken!

Hmm. What to make of this place. It's Indian food. In a food court. In a strip hotel. OK so it's the Riviera, but still.

Cutting to the chase, the Butter Chicken was yummy. It had bell peppers in it, which stood out for some reason. Maybe because there usually aren't bell peppers in Butter Chicken? IDK. I liked what they brought to the party. The plate comes with a good amount of Basmati Rice, and a ginormous piece of Naan. In my book, it doesn't get much better than savoring some delicious Butter Chicken sauce with some Naan.

So the food was good, but back to the place. The fact that we even have Indian food in a food court in this town makes me happy. The down side is that you're paying more for it. Like I said, it's in a strip hotel, albeit the Riviera. They're probably paying a lot for that location, so their prices are naturally higher. I mean, $12 for a plate of Butter Chicken isn't insane, but it just feels weird because you're in a freakin' food court.

In any case, I left satisfied. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there again, but I'd consider it if I'm ever back in the Riviera. Like the next time I watch some roller derby!

p.s. I pretty much always order Mango Lassi if they offer it. I've had better, but it was pretty good.
One hella restaurant. 
1. not sure why are they stuck inside Riviera!
2. Do not underestimate the quantity. for me and my friend - who skipped breakfast- and went straight to lunch - we could not finish the  thali - non veg and tandoori. 
3. Butter chicken!!
4. friendly staff
5. limited seating in the common area in the outside food court
Vegetable samosas with a delicious and  refreshing spicy cilantro sauce to complement both the samosa and the tamarind sauce that comes with it too! The palak paneer is so delicious and not too over spiced or under seasoned and it's accompanied with a large naan bread that has been warmed on the grill along side a bed of  soft-fluffy fragrant Jasmine rice...my mouth is watering already!

This place is indeed a hidden gem in the culinary world of the strip. It's in the Riviera Casino's food court! WHO would of known? I just happened to had walked inside with hunger and the scent of Indian home cookery led me to this fabulous place!

If you are hungry (the servings are enough for 2 to share) and are on a budget, but not in a palate budget, then come over for some darn delicious food! Plus, the staff was so calm, patient and helpful!

I will come here again on my next trip to Vegas!
Fast, friendly service.  Big-portioned tasty food.  Drawback: plastic utensils.
This place is a modest great place to eat some quick indian food. Very tasty, very reasonaable. Their aloo tikki chat is one of my fav. My only prob with them is their limited menu and their south indian isn't all that great. All said I liked eating there for my stay there. So 4 out of 5 stars!!
What a hidden gem. As good as the food is, India Masala should consider a full restaurant. We had the famous vegetable samosa to start with. And the Chicken Tikka Masala and Masala Dosa was very well seasoned and freshly made with a over sized piece of naan. Jasmine rice also comes with the tikka masala. The food is delicious and they give you plenty of it. The staff was friendly. Seating area is limited since its a food court. The prices are a bit high for Indian food in a food court but after eating here it was well worth it.
I had their vegetarian combo two days in a row. It did taste really good. It was spicy enough for me. I wouldn't mind even if it was a bit more spicy. (I love spicy food.) The only downside was they had almost the same item in the combo on both days except one dish. The naan was too thin and a bit crisp for my taste. I also tasted dosa which was really good. I would love to come back to this place next time I am in Vegas.
Yum. Went here with Misti Y last night before the Roller Derby event and was really impressed. Their naan (included with entree) comes out big, savory and soft with lots of air pockets, and the chef's recommendation of 'medium-hot' spice for my entree was pretty perfect. I got the Chicken Tikka Masala, and look forward to trying the Vegetable Korma next time. 

While waiting for my order, I wandered down the food court to check out the other vendors and happened upon the India Masala / Gaylord India mini-truck parked outside - I had no idea that the Rio Hotel's Gaylord India restaurant was related to this food court satellite. Makes me want to try Gaylord India as well. And, while we were waiting we ran into a cool Elite Yelper couple that Misti had never met in person. 

India Masala is open late (past 1AM) and curiously the late night menu is smaller but more expensive by $1-$2. I guess they kind of have a monopoly on masala after 10PM on the Strip.

4.5 stars (If my dish were $8 or $9 instead of $12, I would give India Masala 5 stars in a heartbeat.) My current late-night fix has been 10PM happy hour sushi. If we can figure out how to park close to the India Masala mini-truck I think this could be a solid afterparty spot, joining the likes of Soyo, Herbs & Rye, Satay, Slidin' Thru HQ and Bazic...
We needed our indian fix and yelped this place. Be warned it is in an old casino food court. The people were nice and the huge skinny piece of naan bread made up alittle for the $12.99 tag on the Chicken tika masala. The sauce was kinda greasey and runny like soup but you get a plate FULL . The spiciness was sharp and harsh 6/10. For a food court ot was good and only ok for a restaurant .
I took the suggestions and had the dosa masala. I also added some vegetable pakoras, and they were all very good.  Very tasty, well prepared, very much worth the price. 

I like to judge ethnic food by how many people of that ethnicity are actually present at the restaurant when I am there eating.  Its safe to say that the Indian community is well aware of India Masala and are pleased with the food that is presented there.  That to me, is a sign of a winner.
Good India food with a fast food concept. Its located inside the Riviera Hotel and was the only good option for lunch. The food tastes good and is reasonably priced for Vegas. The quantity deserves a special mention too. Stop by for a quick tasty bite.
Shockingly good.  Was actually staying at this hotel and lo and behold really good indian food downstairs.  It was very authentic and tasty.  Definitely recommended if you happen to need indian food after a night of partying.
Visited India Masala last weekend after looking for good India food on Yelp. The food "hit the spot", was very authentic and I guess the best Indian food I ever had in Vegas. It is located in Riviera's food court (not the best place in vegas) but the good food compensates for the ambience.
5 stars for food (-1 ambience). I would definitely go again.
Found this place around midnight on a saturday. There was only one guy working there, so my chicken curry and samosas order took about 25 minutes. WELL worth the wait. Cost about 20 bucks but was plenty for 2 people. This was by far the best curry I have had in the states, let alone Vegas. It beat out all other fancy Indian joints by far. Only thing it was a notch too spicy for me. And I LOVE hot food. I highly recomend this diamond in the rough.
After Misti Y.'s Hall Monitor CMYE, a few of us decided to walk across to the Riviera for some India Masala action. Its location is kinda odd being part of a food court than a free standing restaurant.

Their menu is pretty extensive, offering curries, dosas, and vegetarian items as well. I split the Tandoori grill Combo with the wifey and the portions were pretty generous, but the price ($15) was pretty steep for a food court entree

Taste is everything and every bite was delicious as was the naan and chutneys that came with our order. we don't frequent Indian dining spots as much (because my stomach is craving Goyemon most of the time)
but I'd like to return to try their other items...ALOHA!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(15/365) "Namaste!"
The last dosa place we went to in Vegas charged us around $4 for rice.  So we came here looking for a new dosa spot and weren't disappointed.  The dosa was all that it should be, and the coconut chutney was light and refreshing.  (My fiancee is obsessed with coconut chutney, so he didn't even bother with the tamarind chutney)  I had an order of naan, and ate it with the sabar (just had lunch somewhere else).  The best part for me was the mango lassi.  It's just the way I like it, which is not overly sweet.  I'd go back just for the lassi, my fiancee will return for another dosa.  Def rec.
Its located in food court area of Rivera, there r other good indian options on strip. I prefer tamba over this.
Indian masala is probably the only place that serves good south Indian food in las vegas. The food is good and is worth the money.
Look no further for the best Indian food on the strip!  Not like there was fierce competition.  It's pretty interesting that it popped up at the food court of the Riviera of all places.  

I'm still trying to figure out why it's here.  Do guests of the Riviera have a strong fever that can only be satiated with tremendous curry flavors?  All I see are old people playing slots!  It doesn't matter though.  I'm just glad it's here and it's tremendous.

Not only do they have every curry you could want but they serve a lot of south Indian dishes most places don't.  I only wished I was hungrier when I came to try more things.  We ended up ordering the tandoori combo which included 4 different meats and the saag paneer accompanied by 2 orders of naan.  Everything was delicious and I can't wait to go back and try more menu items.

The two reasons for no 5 star rating are the location (hate the parking garage) and the price which is a couple extra dollars more than other places.  There are too many Indian options off the strip for lunch at better price points and they're all you can eat.  Still, it doesn't take away from how good their food is.

I can't believe I actually have a reason to go to the Riviera now!
Very good Indian food, highly recommended than other options on the strip. Though located in a food court within Riviera Casino, the food is tasty and worth the buck. Best dish was Shahi Paneer. It was desi dhaba style, enough quantity for both me and my wife. Their Naan's were nice and crispy. South Indian food was decent, nothing good or bad about it. For the few days we stayed on the strip, we went here couple of times and it was worth it. Service was quick and good. I think the location makes this place a little less popular and unknown to the crowd. If you have a car or any other means to get here, I think its totally worth it though. You can avoid the crowds and have some nice Indian food here.
The food is one of the worst I had in a long time. Curd or yogurt in my papdi chaat was so sour and the potatoes ice cold. I just ended up throwing it off in garbage
Easily some the best Naan you'll ever taste. 

It's too bad that not many folks will ever find this gem in its hidden location in the Riviera. The Riviera food court has absolutely no ambience, but if you like Indian the food is very good.
Best Indian food in Vegas!!! 
Always lines of people waiting, but the wait is so worth it!
Its made fresh and trust me you can taste it. 
I dont know what my favorite is, because theres so much. 
MUST TRY !
Based on the looks and location of this place, you would never guess how good it is.  I went there with two relatives who were visiting from southern India and we all loved the food!  The dishes were deliciously authentic and the portions were very generous.  The tandoori chicken plate we ordered was cooked to perfection.  I also recommend the masala dosa.  It's a great little gem that I can't wait to go back to next time I'm in Vegas!
Let me start off by saying, I only went to this place because of the reviews I read on Yelp.

Definitely not disappointed. I truly would have never found this place if it were not for Yelp. And probably even if I did, I would have been reluctant to try it since it is in a food court.

If you are going to India Masala it is for nothing else but good food. I mean who says I am going to the food court to eat dinner? Other than maybe high school kids. 

Prices were a bit pricey for a food court but it is in a hotel on the strip. However, to my surprise I had more than enough food and could hardly finish my meal. I paid about $15.00 for a butter chicken (spicy) meal with rice, naan and soda. I definitely was not disappointed. 


You wait a little longer for your food than we would be accustomed to in a food court setting but my food was fresh and oh so good. I am literally salivating now just thinking about it. 

My only set back was I had one little piece of lemon grass that was too big so when I bit into it it was not fun for me.

Good sign for me is when I see native people eating their own food. There is nothing worse than going to an ethnic place to eat and you do not see any people of their own kind there.

Best Naan in town, hands down.

This is definate must try for any Indian Food Lovers. You can not be disappointed. It is definate return and new fave for me.
Located in the corner of the food court at the Riviera. Easy to miss, but well worth the search. The workers were VERY friendly, helpful and patient. Excellent service. I ordered the Chicken Vindaloo (requested extra spicy), and my friends ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala. Both dishes come with rice and naan. Both come out to ~$13 after tax. Both plates give large portions relative to all other Indian cuisines I've been to. 

CHICKEN VINDALOO: kinda spicy, I had hoped for spicier, but oh well. I loved it. They use dark meat from the chicken and don't skimp out on your portion. The potatoes could've been better prepared. It was a little hard or undercooked maybe. The sauce was amazing and very well spiced. Rice was okay; no comments there. The naan was great and fluffy, and it was pretty heavily glistened with butter. 

CHICKEN TIKKA MASALA: I tasted some of my friend's tikka masala and I thought it was also really good. Definitely one of the best plates I've had for Indian cuisine. It was reasonably spicy and spiced perfectly. Not many other comments since I only tasted it. 


My 8 hour drive back in traffic was terrible. Not because of the traffic, but because everytime I thought about the chicken vindaloo I had, my mouth would salivate. Heavily. Hell, even as I write this review, I'm practically drooling. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'm definitely coming back here.
What a great surprise in a food court!  A little expensive, but the best food available in the Riviera hotel!  Healthy and full of flavor!
not bad for indian fast food. food was fresh, hot, tasted really good, and the serves are big. their Dosa and Sambar is very good. their Butter Chicken was done right and the Naan served with the combo plates was huge and delicious. it is in the Riviera food court so seating was limited during their busy hours and the seating area was a little dirty. will eat from here again next time im in town but might take it to go and eat it in the comfort of my timeshare!
I regretted not trying out India Masala the last time I was at the Riviera.  An Indian restaurant in a food court?  I didn't really trust it.  But a couple days later I saw it on Yelp with plenty of good reviews.  So when I finally headed back to the Riviera a few months later to check out roller derby, I knew where my dinner stop would be.

The menu is large and has plenty of vegetarian options.  We were starving and not sure how large the servings would be so we went a little crazy; we got an order of saag paneer, vegetable korma, and a masala dosa.  The saag and korma both came with a side of rice and naan, while the dosa came with two chutneys.

The dosa came out first and was HUGE.  I know dosas are large, but I'm pretty sure I could have thrown the thing in Lake Mead and rode it around like a boat.  It was full of potatoes, peas, and lentils and had a nice samosa-taste to it.  I was so hungry that I completely forgot about my chutneys and didn't try them at all.  Boo. 

The saag was good, but lacking a depth of flavor I get at Mint and Origin.  It wasn't bad, but considering the price was the same I'd rather eat at one of those two restaurants.  The vegetable korma was also good but looked a little different from others I've had.  This one was more red in color (instead of yellow) and had a smoky taste to it.  The sides of rice were large and you get a piece of naan the size of your plate.  I love naan, but this one was a little boring for me.  Plus one came out nice and doughy while the other was overcooked and had a crunch to it.

We also ordered a mango lassi and it was undrinkable.  The consistency was too thin and almost tasted like spoiled yogurt.  It went in the trash.

In all, this place is good and I would come back if we were at the Riviera, but the prices are pretty ridiculous to me considering they are in a food court.  Isn't the point of a food court to get cheap grub instead of paying the extra money to sit-down somewhere?  Their appetizers (samosas and such) were about $7 while the dosa was about $8.  I knew the dosa was more food and therefore a better deal so that's why we ordered it instead of an appetizer.  Entrees were around $11 while combo platters were around $13.
Very good options and tasty food. I have tried them for the first time and I love it. Only place I found to have south Indian food without BUFFET.

I am definitely going there again and did I mention its 24/7 :D
Awesome!  And LATE LATE LATE!

SITREP

Hot Dam!  What a find when wandering along Las Vegas Blvd at 2am!  

MENU

LV Yelper Paolo had recommended the Butter Chicken, Naan, Rice, ALL GOOD, and this particular dish tends to be my "litmus test" for different places from Seattle to Sacramento to L.A. and now Vegas, and I have to say it was De-LISH.

PRICE YIKES!

But the combo was about $14 after tax and tip, with this and something that I would consider to be very pricey if at home or work.  However, this was my Vegas trip and in most situations while traveling, I won't spare the expense for the experience.

THE LOWDOWN

A great find in Vegas for Indian fare!
With it's hidden location inside the Riviera Hotel, you would never know about it unless you "Yelp"-ed it.  

On a search for great Indian food, my dear friend and fellow Yelper found this place doing a Yelp search for food in town.  Neither one us had been there before so we figured why not, what the hey!?!?! 

I can't believe it's 24 hours!! That's epically fabulous!! 

The food served mild still had kick and flavour, and the service was fabulous.  Served fresh & piping hot.  You have to wait a bit to get your order but if it means it's 'cooked to serve', I'll take it :)

Headed back to Vegas tomorrowand you can be sure I am attempting to make a stop at the Riviera just for my Masala fix :)
Excellent!  The veggie Samosas were spot on... Big.. Crispy on the outside... nice potatoes and spices on the in.  Butter Chicken was nice.. A little tart... aromatic.. Sweet.. Chicken moist.  Very nice dish.  The portions are huge.  Naan bread is cooked perfectly... Crisp..soft..chewy.
3.5 Rating - The Indian food was Good, but not great.  But it was a treat to get any Indian food in that Food Court.

Had the Channa Dosa.  While good and very filling, it was a bit one dimensional.  When I asked for it spicy, the handed me these generic hot sauce packets that tasted like Tabasco sauce (yuck!)  The chutneys that accompanied the Dosa were pretty bland and generic too.

But, as we are staying here for a convention this week and it's 106 outside, would be willing to try some other dishes next time.
Visited India Masala two more times during our stay at the Riviera.  It's still about 3.5 star experience, but I rounded up for the following:

* Owner was very nice and helpful and told me that if I wanted spicy, just ask for extra chilies, which I did and it was much better than cheap-o packages of hot sauce.  She also explained some of the more exotic items on the menu to me.

* The Chicken Tika Masala was OK.  Granted, it was missing more of the complex Indian spices and became one- dimensional after a few bites.  But the nan bread was hot & fresh.  And heck, it's a food court and much better than Subway or pizza-by-the-slice.

* The Veggie Samosas were really quite good and came with tasty mint & tamarind sauce.
Great food!  Great $.  Worth the trip.  I know it's in the food court of the Riviera, but don't let that stop you from making the trip to this gem.
This place is extremely good.  It is the second best Indian resturant in Vegas.  The first being Namaste.   It is not a hole in the wall just in an off strip location.  This is where the locals eat!
tasty 24hr food. tried dosai, idli , uthappam, and veg briyani.
everything was good, except idli.

it's little pricey for the amount. but in the strip, it's acceptable.

convenient location, if you walk to this place or take the bus or park in circus circus.
rivera is one of the very old casino's, they still have their dirt from the day opened. including the slowest elevator in their parking.
We found this place at the Riviera and I have to say it exceeded our expectations.  Just walking thru the food court and smelling the spices made me salivate.  I have to say some of the best indian food I have had.  I had the Masala Dosa and I have to say this is one of the best Dosa I have ever had.  We  have a few restaurants in our city that have Dosa but it does not measure up to the dosa here.  It was huge with lots of filling and the sambar soup served with it was spicy but not too spicy.  I have not been to Vegas since May and every time I think of the dosa here I start to drool.  My boyfriend had the Tandori combo and he said it was extremely good.   I cannot wait to go back again.  We have had Tamba before and while it is good and they offer Goat my boyfriends favorite for basic indian food you cannot beat this place.  I cant wait until my next trip to Vegas just to have another masala dosa from here and if they serve them at 2am on the late night menu dont be surprized to find me there.
BOMB!

This place is so good! The family and I wanted to get a bite to eat before watching Society of Seven at the Riveria Hotel and Casino so we made our merry way to the Food Court since there's a variety to choose from.

Walking up to the food court, you can instantly smell the wonderful spices used in Indian food. I LOVE Indian food so of course I didn't care to check out the other spots, I wanted some curry and naan! 

I ordered the chicken tikka masal, chicken vindaloo and naan. OMG, so freaking good! Both were served with white rice. The naan was like the size of my face! It was coated in butter and I used it to soak up sauce from my dish. The chicken vindaloo was my favorite. It was nice and spicy and had a ton of flavor.  I devoured the whole thing and ate some of the chicken tikka masal since that was my sister's dish. She liked it too. It could have been spicier but that's just personal preference. 

It was kinda expensive but Indian food is kind of expensive as is. Each entre was $10.99 and the naan was $1.99. The food took a while to come out but it was worth the wait. I got a cup of water and the guy said if I wanted more water he'd fill it up for me. That was nice of him!

I really like this place. When I go back to Vegas, I will for sure come here for my Indian fix. I'm craving Indian food for dinner now!

Best part: It's open 24 hours!! As good as it gets!!
very very good Indian restaurant  in las Vegas blvd ,indiamasala dosa &samber same like chennai taste ,we had wonderful food'  less price, lot of food.
The food might take a while to come out. Just expect it, then it won't be as painful.

I went here based on the reviews here. I was suspicious first but I decided to give a shot since I was staying at Riviera hotel anyway and was too tired to go far for food yesterday.

It turned out, the place was awesome. I ordered my usual for Indian food, Chicken Tikka Masara, to go. It came with rice and a huge naan. Plenty for one person.  I was so full 2/3 of the container but I hated to see the rest go wasted so powered through to finish the whole thing (I didn't have a microwave to warm it up next day so saving leftover wasn't an option). It was that good.  Mango Lassi was also delicious too. Perfect consistency and not too sweet.

I give 4 stars because I think the price is a bit steep for a food-court. If you make it to go, remember to grab silverwares and napkins. They are a food-court joint after all so they don't put those gears in a bag for you, you need to grab them yourself.
I cant stand indian food, sorry its just not my cup of tea. But my wife kinda likes it and wanted to try it here. The food court here in the Riviera is literally a ghost town, I cant comprehend how all the eateries stay in business. She ordered a non veg plate that came on a little prison plate with tiny little compartments of food and a big piece of bread. She said it all tasted pretty good and she easily finished it all, and she doesnt  have a big appetitie. The cost w/o drink was over $16! which is outrageous for food court food during lunch. I know this is vegas and eveything is overpriced a bit, but every other eatery had equal sized portions for half the cost, Plus my wife got really sick after eating it,
I love me some indian masala and this place does indian exactly how I like it spicey and fresh.    You will not go hungry here, and the price is perfect.  We had the buffet, its so killer.  I have to go back soon.  Mmmm MMMmmmm  Good....get some!
The downside is that this is a relatively simple place for Indian food. Seriously, what can you expect from a food court of this size? Everything is authentic and aimed in the right direction, but at the same time everything falls just a hair short of what it likely would be if it were a standard restaurant. To their credit, they have a reduced menu even through the middle of the night. It's a blessing if you're stuck in the Riviera at 2 am and nobody wants to walk down the strip.

It's not the kind of place to go out of your way for, but if you wind up stuck at the Riviera or Circus Circus and need to fill up in the middle of the night, it's one of your best picks.
Horrible horrible horrible.. we ordered over phone to pick up.. when we came to our Hotel room we were shocked to see BURNT naans.. burnt to the core.. and the parts where is not burnt it is not cooked at all.. how could someone cook like this??  
what a waste of money!!
Great Indian food! I had the Tikka Masala very spicy and it delivered (obviously it's a British dish).  The naan was good too. Hot and soft and the bottom was crispy.  The people working were very nice too.
I love Indian food. It is a recent obsession and I know the good stuff when I see it. The food at this food court location is very good. The naan is fresh and tasty. All of the entrees are made fresh to order, so let the cooks know how spicy you enjoy  your entrees. 

Service: the staff is use to tourists and questions. They were very friendly and knowledgeable about the products sold. 

Wait time: everything is cooked fresh. If you are in a rush, go to Quiznos subs. The food is worth the 10 minute wait while they cook it. 

Price: pretty pricey for a food court. It was $40 for two waters, to entrees, an app of samosas and bread. This is the same price we pay at a sit-down restaurant. The drinks are not included in the combo price. 

Location: it appears they share a kitchen with a burger joint... Strange for an Indian joint... 

Try this place if you are at the Rivera casino. :)
Best Indian food on the strip! And the sweetest service you'll find at any Indian restaurant anywhere.
Went for the buffet it was ok will go back if in the area.
At first we were very excited to have food here because of the great reviews.  VERY DISAPPPOINTED!!!
Food was cold, tasteless and had to wait more than 20 min.
There are better sit down choices, please spend ypur money $$, at a sit down place and get service with the meals!!!
Gave it two star, one star for the convenience and another star since they had a water dispenser on their counter. 
Would not recommend.
The Good:
Open 24 hours.
Dosa tastes well.
Food is ready in less than 10 minutes.

The bad:
Other items such as Chana Masala or Chilli Panner tastes bad. 

Always order something that can be prepared fast like dosa.
Bad food:( we ordered a plain dosa and veggie combo - the plain dosa was hot came with sambhar and chutneys - sambhar had no salt and was watery,chutneys were watery and cold, I think made few days ago. Veggie combo - had rice, naan, chole, palak paneer, curd and dal. The palak paneer hardly had any paneer - and was firm, chole dal - salt less. Curd - was thin and sour, I think made up few days ago. Not worth the money. 
Just a temporary way to kill hunger. 
Review by an Indian!
Wish I could give this place negative stars. Waited OVER an hour for an order of chicken curry. The employees seemed to have no sense of urgency at all. They would stop to fill up water containers even though there were about a dozen people waiting. When we finally got the curry, it was watery and the chicken was dry. Not worth the wait or money. Ill never ever go here again.
Food is served fresh...very close to home made food. If you are looking for an Indian restaurant..this is the place open round the clock.
First off, I have to tell you that I'm Indian, so I'm probably going to be a little more critical of this place than most others.  I paid $15 for the vegetarian thali, which was pretty expensive for food that comes in a Styrofoam plate from a restaurant in a food court.  The food at this restaurant is the kind of stuff that they probably cook once a day all in one batch, and then serve throughout the day.  Unfortunately, if you go there at 2 AM like I did, the food they serve you might be a little stale from sitting out all day.  
I've eaten here twice because I feel sorry for these people who don't seem to get very many customers, but I don't think I'll eat here again.  The food just isn't good, and the prices are way too high.
The Yelp review says this place has four stars.  This ranking clearly applies to the food, which is indeed tasty and fresh.  Well prepared.  Naan was puffy, doughy and crispy.  What did NOT seem to warrant the stars was the location - this place is located in the Food Court of the Riviera.  The excellent food, served on paper plates with plastic forks within the common area of the court brought a feeling of anticappointment - not the kind of ambience the four-stars erroneously suggested.  Come for the great food...but take it somewhere else to enjoy.
Hands down the best Indian food I had in Vegas. only down side is, its in a food court and most times, I had to wait 10 mins minimum to get my food. if you like Tandoori, Tandoori Combo gives a small portion of different tandoori dish (Caution: Longer wait time for this dish) my favorite. 

I have tried chicken biriyani, butter chicken combo, utthapam and Tandoori combo. This is a north Indian style kitchen and expecting south Indian dishes like uthappam to be good is my mistake. Biriyani was decent, Butter chicken melted in my mouth. There was a girl on the cash register was explaining that her favorite drink is Mango lassi to one of the person ahead of me in the line, so I wanted to try it out, it turned out to be the best of all Mango lassi I had.

Naan was soft and yummy.  $15.99 for Tandoori Combo may be little pricy, but better than most Indian lunch buffet I had in Vegas.

I learned that they have another restaurant near the strip where they have buffet (India Masala Bar & Grill - 1040 E Flamingo Rd Las Vegas, NV 89119) and more like proper restaurant. I am going to try it the next time when I will be in Vegas.

This joint is located in Riviera Hotel's food mall, you can park for free at Riviera self parking at the rear of the Riviera casino.

Bottom line: Nice little joint for good tasty North Indian food.
Good food... Like their tandoori combo and non veg combo.... People working there are friendly. Would def visit again and would highly recommend.
Guys I wanted to give you a 5 star and was about to. But when my bf got home.checked his credit card you guys took it upon yourselves to add.gratuity. humm first off.the cashier was not very friendly. Everthing.we asked.for you.where out of. But over all food was tastey. Next time.I am in vegas and on that side of strip I will go back
After 6 days on the strip staying at Wynn and Pallazo, I needed some real flavor. This place def filled that void. Will be back next time in Vegas.
Very unhygienic place to eat!!
open 24 hrs 
we went with friends ordered naan ,dosa ,Malai kofta etc.,
Dosa is tasteless!! 
Food tastes real bad at this place .But i see most of the Indians eating here.


I would prefer going to India masala on E flamingo st.
That is definitely a must try if you want Indian food!!
A handful of years ago, I had a successful night of luck at the Riviera. Whenever I win big, I want a big meal. The Riviera buffet looked lacking, so I wandered to India Masala and got some kind of curry dish. It was delicious! Even with the $20 pp price tag, I happily paid it, and put India Masala as one of my favorite secrets in Las Vegas. 

Yeah well... that was a handful of years ago. 

I went back yesterday and ordered the Tandoori combo. Yuck. Firstly, it's $16, which is ok, it's on the Strip (kinda on the Strip, Riviera isn't exactly a world-class hotel). But it's mostly a plate of chicken, a plate of very dry chicken. The saving grace was the naan and a side of curried beans (?) that saved the dish from complete flavorlessness. It also comes with a side of sausage which I've never had before and they were okay. 

So, the food on this trip warrants 3-stars. But the overall ambiance of the place is -1 stars. The place is open 24 hours, that's nice, but it shares the space with a burger place. The cashier was jumping from the burger joint to the Indian counter. Hey, I'm all about mom and pop shops, but this was not cute. It was annoying. 

It's at least a 15 min wait for the food on a slow Saturday night (it being slow on Saturday should've been a tip-off). The service was polite, on par to what I'd find at Subway, but that's ok, I don't go to Indian places for good service. I didn't care for the self-serve lukewarm water on the counter. 

In conclusion, this visit was 1.5 stars ( I rounded up) but I'm hoping the first visit here wasn't some far-off dream. Maybe they had an off day....
Look no further if you want very good food on the strip (well, almost). My wife and I stayed at Riviera for 3 nights and we were pleasantly surprised by the quality and taste of the food here. Don't be fooled by the fact that it's located in a food court, the food is really really good. We were so impressed that we ended up eating breakfast and dinner everyday during our stay.
Terrible food, too much salt in the dishes. Nothing is mild, everything we ate was chili pepper spicy. I know indian food is spicy, but the dishes here were unbearable.
Read the reviews before I went and thought it would be a great experience. But should have paid closer attention to what they really said. 

Had the chicken tikka masala with a mango lassi. The mango lassi was good. The masala was over priced for the quality it was. It is in a food court and should be evaluated as fast food. Not the greatest, but okay when you are hungry and anything will do. Not the best if you are looking for good Indian food. Though the naan was pretty good. The question I had to ask was "where's the chicken?"  Too much sauce for the amount of meat. 

So, in the end, the value to quality did not justify the price. But if you get that late night craving for Indian food in the city that never sleeps, this would be an okay stop as they are open 24 hours, but for a great meal of Indian food, find somewhere else.
Food court quality.
I have been staring at the sign for 3 years and finally decided to try this. Honestly I was in there for Parsley which isnt open yet. However, decided on trying this place out. Had the Tandoori Sampler. Was overcooked meat mostly and had the total buffet taste going on. No made to order and was not impressed. Nan was highlight but wouldnt repeat.
Good food. Ordered Veg Combo, Shahi Paneer and Mango Lassi. Naan was amazing. A little expensive but worth it.
R u tired by roaming on the Strip?
R u Super Hungry?

Go n Order food from here. Order the Chicken Combo and Enjoy all Tandoori Variety of Chicken.

The Taste of food is Awesome.
The only good thing about this restaurant is that it is open 24 hrs. But the Menu after 10.30 is very limited. We went there for Dinner, since it was late in the night, and nothing else was open. Food was decent, so we thought the breakfast the next day would be good too, but their Aloo paratha was not at all like a reglar aloo paratha, the aloo in it was scarce. The ambience is a put off too, since it is in the food court of a vey old casino. Appears shady compared to all other casinos in Vegas. I would not recommend unless you want indian food after 11 pm.
Don't go for a look of this place cause this place is legit, I found this place almost two years a go and I have been here few times already and I am from houston, it's quick service and it's delicious, I love their daal. I make sure I come here every time I am in Vegas!!
Terrible service
Food is bland - no real Indian taste

On the plus side - they are open 24 hours
Good food order veg combo shaai paneer
And mango lassi naan was amazing
Good experience ..
This place is extremely overpriced for a small take out place in a dirty little corner of the riviera casino.
The place is very shabby, and no one would ever want to sit and dine here.
The portions are really really small for the price they charge.
The plates in which they give the food out are made of very thin paper and all the gravy of my curry was sunk into it.
Trust me no one would ever want to dine here if there was a choice.
I eat Indian  food today after three day stay in Las Vegas I can't stop to say this is best and wonder full place to eat Indian food . I hop you will try too !!!!!!
WORST PLACE!!! Customer service is horrible! They started off by getting my order wrong then when I went back to have it fixed  he told me he could not help me because I forgot my ticket upstairs. He then told me he would give me my money back and then said " get the fuck out of my restaurant along with a Spanish curse word"... If I could  give them negative points I would.  That kind of behavior is not acceptable ever!!!
Oh my this place is so good I really love Indian food I know the good stuff  servic was very good friendly chicken tikka masala very good not spicy thanks India masala.....
They served good food. Naans are made to order.  Food was quite good. And they are open 24 hours.
My boyfriend and I checked in to the hotel around 2 am and we were hungry. Since it's the only 24/7 fast food place in the hotel we got food from here. We got the Chicken Tikka Masala. We got up to our room and the room and began eating and the chicken was cold. The sauce was warm but the the chicken wasn't warm at all. So my boyfriend called down to tell the restaurant our food was cold and the person that took our order said we took to long and hung up in his face. I called back and ask if the manager was in. He said no, so I asked for his name and he gave me a fake name. So the next day my boyfriend went down to talk to the manager and they gave him another meal free. For fast food indian food it had a pretty good taste but some of their workers are unprofessional.
Had a couple of excellent meals here and plan on many more. The huge menu demands return visits! If you feel overwhelmed by the choice on offer the staff are happy to suggest dishes.


 It's unlicenced, but there is no corkage so pick up some booze from one of the off-licences on Nicholson Street.


 A tip though: it's a family-run place with a small kitchen staff, so go early, especially if you're a large party. The food is well worth the wait though!
As someone who's not usually a fan of indian restaurants, I have to say i love this place.

Run by two generations of the extremely welcoming Ali family, Kismot offers all the usual dishes you'd expect to find in on the menu in an indian restaurant, but what sets this place apart are the things you certainly wouldn't expect to see.

The chocolate naan bread, although it may sound strange, goes extremely well with the spiciness of a curry disha dn is definitely worth trying.

What i wouldn't recommend to anyone but the bravest is the "spiciest curry in Scotland" according to the menu and all the staff. I wasn't plucky enough to give it a go myself, but i having spoken to people that have, I'd say it's definitely not for the faint-hearted!

In contrast to so many family-run local restaurants, the dcor in Kismot is upmarket, clean and elegant. This, combined with the unique atmosphere and great choice of dishes to choose from, is what I think makes it such a success.

For curry and rice/naan for two people you can expect to pay 25, and there is also the option of BYOB.

Definitely worth a visit, especially if you're looking for somewhere to cater for large groups.
This place sets the standard for a family run restuarant. it feels like your guests in their home.

The food is outstanding, choclate Nan was a bit sickening at first. But i found myself eating the whole thing. For a main I got the Lamb Biryani with some mushroom bhajee on side, everything was perfectly cooked (especially the bhajee, these guys are the only people in the city that do it right). It's all very cheap too!

Please visit!
Kismot, you are one of the most impressive restaurants I have been to in Edinburgh.  There are two parts to this story that show why I think this.

FOOD:
Just superb.  Easily the best Indian food that I have eaten thus far.  I was part of a large group of over 20, and we paid a fixed price each to get a large number of naans and bhajees, and a selection of different curries along with plentiful amounts of rice.  All of the curries were incredibly tasty, and most of them didn't last long at all on our table.

Kismot also provides some interesting dishes that I have not seen replicated anywhere else.  You can get chocolate naan (no, that's not a typo!), which sounds worth a go, although I haven;t tried it myself.  They also serve what they call the 'Kismot Killer', a stupidly hot curry that sounds more like torture than food.  If you can eat it all, you get it for free, though their website suggests, and I quote: "It is recommended that you put your toilet roll in the freezer when you return home."  You actually have to sign a disclaimer before you eat it!

SERVICE:

The restaurant is run by a family team, with the parents in the kitchen, and the eldest son commanding the front of house.  It goes without saying that the parents do a great job behind the scenes in the kitchen.  It is the front of house experience that puts the icing on the ca.....curry for me.  Throughout the meal, we were attended to in the ideal way - attentive, but not intrusive.  Orders were taken in a cheery manner, and he even joked with us as we sat and waited.  His manners were truly impeccable, and he saw us out of the restaurant personally at the end of the meal.  I have never before or since experienced better customer service.

As you can see, I LOVE this place.  You just have to go there.  Cancel tonight's dinner plans, and make a reservation at Kismot.  You will keep coming back for more!
Without a doubt one of the finest Indian restaurants in Edinburgh. The inviting and friendly atmosphere, of which the Ali family are very proud, immediately creates a pleasant eating environment. The food itself is excellent, combining the traditional dishes you would expect of any self-respecting curry house with a wide array of regional specialities. Particularly good is the North Indian Chilli Garlic, and as a man who doesn't like to have his palate destroyed by excessive spice, its strength (as with all the dishes) can be adjusted to your taste. And why not accompany your curry with the strange sounding but weirdly delicious chocolate nan bread

Although alcohol is not served, there is the option of BYOB with the added advantage of no corkage. Kismot pride themselves on a fun atmosphere and as a result it is an ideal place to book large parties, with their group menus affordable and surprisingly varied.

Overall then an excellent place, whether for a great group night out or if you want to try the infamous Kismot Killer, vying for the place of spiciest curry in Scotland.
Thank you to the Yelp community for turning me and my family onto Kismot. We were not disappointed. What an incredible dining experience! 

I am visiting Edinburgh from NYC and I really wish I could take this restaurant home with me. It is a truly "family run" establishment. We were greeted by the sons of the husband and wife chefs who work together to make every homemade item on the menu. I wish I had written down all the dishes we had but I can tell you that no matter what you order you will devour every morsel. 

In addition to the outstanding food (my entire family agreed: best Indian food we have EVER had... and we have had a LOT!), the service was top notch. Everything came out in a timely fashion which was so impressive since it was obviously homemade. We got a chance to meet the chef after the meal to praise him and tell him about his fabulous yelp reviews... and then promised to write another to make sure he maintains that 5 star rating he so deserves. 

To anyone visiting Edinburgh... you MUST MUST visit Kismot. We will definitely be back before we depart. 

Thank you Kismot for a superb experience.
We just returned from dinner at Kismot with mixed reviews. We ordered the family curry (literally the curry that the owner-family makes and eats itself), saag panir (spinach with cheese curry), vegetable samosas and two kinds of bread -- naan and garlic paratha. We were welcomed by a very genial host and were ready to love it. However, the samosas were teensy tiny little triangles in filo dough. The filo and two sauces that came with it totally overwhelmed the thimbleful of stuffing. We then waited  and waited and waited for our main courses and bread while people who arrived after us ordered and were served. Our order wasn't  odd or difficult so I'm not sure what the lag was. Usually filling time before dinner conversing with my companion is a joy but we'd had a challenging day and the wait was just too long. Finally the food arrived. The family chicken curry was delicious but I'm not sure it was what I'd actually ordered. The owner and 'warned' me that there was some unusual lemon/lime fruit in the curry that was typical of Bangladeshi food and you could only get it if you have a Bangladeshi friend or traveled there. I was feeling adventurous so I ordered it. The dish was really yummy but nary a Bangladeshi lemon in the whole thing. I asked the host about it and he said the lemon was in the sauce but, seriously, I know what lemon tastes like and it wasn't there. Whatevs. The naan bread was very good too. On the other hand, the saag panir  was seriously under-seasoned and just didn't have much flavor, very atypical of Indian food. The garlic paratha was good while hot but not palatable once it got cold. We were expecting to be wowed based on all the Yelp reviews but this one only gets 2 stars for the underseasoned food and the long long wait.
A real family run affair, Kismot serves some of the best curry I have eaten in Edinburgh, rich, flavorful and depending on your choice hot. The staff are personable and have a real love of curry, and are happy to recommend dishes if you fancy something different.

Alongside the curry they do something special when it comes to nan bread, to be precise chocolate nan, any chocolate bar you can think of has likely ended up inside a Kismot nan at some point.

It can be a little theatrical when someone orders a Kismot killer (google it), but this all adds the the welcoming atmosphere.

Overall I would recommend Kismot, great curry and service.
Went on a team night out to Kismot at Christmas and it was fantastic. The service, from the detail they went into at the booking stage (we were a group of 11) to the welcome we received on the night was authentic and real, and I immediately started recommending it to people even before I ate my first bite! We had a sharing menu, which was fabulous value for money. There was so much food we couldn't finish it. Extremely useful to know that it is byob and (at the time of writing) there is NO CORKAGE charge. Yes, no charge! How refreshing. This is a not-many-frills place, plain tables and decor, it's all about the food you see, so if you are happy with that before you go your expectations will be blown away and you will have a great night. It is efficient, clean and friendly, like all the best places in town. The chicken and mango curry was a hit as were the huge pakora that came out as starters. Absolutely lovely family fare. Have a great time when you go - this is some of the best curry in Edinburgh.
We visited Edinburgh, Scotland during Spring Break and heard about this restaurant. The entire family was extraordinarily nice and welcoming. We ordered the Korma and Vindaloo. The pickel tray was amazing with all the breads. We also tried the okra and spinach side dishes and that were perfect. My 6-year old loved the Tandoori Chicken and chocolate milkshakes. We will definitely come back (all the way from Texas)!
Others may be so inclined to usher you towards The Mosque Kitchen for some traditional food, but they'd be doing you a massive disservice. Kismot is absolutely one of the tastiest restaurants in Edinburgh. I've been a handful of times, and each time it has been stellar.

A recent development that left me a bit underwhelmed was their menu redesign. The menu has been drastically cut and the star rating system has been scrapped. Now, you're left with merely three levels of heat, mild, medium and hot. I take heat relatively well and medium had me sweating in my seat. 

In case you're wondering, they also offer the Kismot Killer challenge for 20 (I think). It's a ridiculously hot dish that is 99% chilli seeds. Our friend from Bangalore was pressured into accepting the challenge, and he was less than thrilled to be eating it. After three big hulking bites he quit. 

The staff here is stellar. They are super nice, talkative, accommodating and knowledgeable. If they take a liking you may even meet auntie in the back!

The only reason this place is receiving 4 stars and not 5 is the loudness. The place is very open and conversations echo quite a bit. Therefore... if a stag or hen party is there then you may as well assume you won't be hearing much else than their banter. 

The place is BYOB!
Very friendly service with some secret recipe treats included to make the meal more interesting and fun. Good selection of curries, but get there early or book ahead. Plenty of vegetarian options too.
This may be the best Indian I have ever had.  I've had several curries on this long trip, but wow - this one wins the prize.  They are also BYOB, which is fairly common in the States at Asian and Indian restaurants, but perhaps not as much here?  So it was a very nice treat to bring loads of wine and beer for the group.  Dimly lit, casual atmosphere, and friendly service.  There were about ten of us in a group, but everything went really smoothly.

Started with some delicious chicken pakoras with a few different sauces, then followed it up with the chicken deshi khani and a side of the best, freshest sag alu I've ever had.  The deshi khani is advertised as being "limited availability," and a special, particularly authentic curry.  Spicy, rich, and succulent, it was one of the best curries I've ever had.  And the sag alu!  Not the fatty (but delicious) creamy spinach you usually get at Indian restaurants, this was fresh and brimming with spice.  Would've been happy to get it as a main with paneer, but I didn't think to do so because I figured it would be pretty standard instead of spectacular, and I was wrong!

My friend ordered something they used to serve but is no longer printed on the menu and they still make it for her.  Fragrant pilau rice and hot, crispy garlic naan made this such an outstanding meal.  I'd beeline here the next time I was in Edinburgh because as far as I'm concerned, this is as good as Indian gets.
We did some intensive research on where to eat for our recent trip to Edinburgh and are so glad we stumbled on this true gem of a restaurant to experience.

I'd checked out the menu and website so was really looking forward to the 'family run' and 'authentic' Kismot.

Even from the initial call to reserve our table there was warm and friendly service and a cheeky chappie attitude!

We arrived in a taxi as the actual restaurant was situated outside of the City Centre where we stayed and even the taxi driver had heard great things about the place!

We were greeted like family and it was clear from how busy the place was that it's a favourite of a lot of people.

We'd considered taking beer as it's BYOB Establishment but decided to try sample the novelty of just the curry instead.

The staff were very buzzy, and we were seated in the corner by the window where we had ample opportunity for people watching and the to see into the kitchen which is a great experience in itself! (the mam and dad do the cooking and the boys/cousins/uncles do the waiting on!)

We had poppadoms to chow over while we considered the menu and with them the BEST pickle try ever- all were tasty, tangy and plentiful!
We ordered a starter to share and i just had to try Kismot Naga pickle- just to be able to say I'd tried it! (the Mr had a sweat on just thinking about it!)

Well- it pained my insides so PLEASE take care should you feel brave enough to try it!!!!!!!! The small pot of it which was brought was sufficient to taste but not over indulge!

The starter of mixed tikka was HUGE! All the meat was of a good quality and the salad was a nice accompaniment.

The staff were very attentive and when we had a time to wait or a break between courses one of them always came over to check we were doing OK and just have general chit-chat! We honestly felt like very special friends.

For main course we had-
Lamb Ada- cooked with fresh ginger, tomatoes, lemon & methi leaves and strong Eastern Spices.
Chicken Zeera- roast cumin seeds, fresh herbs & coriander.
Garlic Nan.

Again, the portions were HUGE, not really a complaint but the 'not so skinny brother'  might have taken a bit of offence that we were well and truly stuffed and seemed like we hadn't even made a dent in the food and had this not been the 1st of out 2 night stay we would have certainly taken the rest home!

The meat was great quality and the flavours just as described, definitely notes of food made with experience and love.

The bill was almost embarrassingly minimal for what we had enjoyed but it just shows you don't have to pay over the odds to get truly good food and great service!

We had a great time at this place and have recommended it to everyone who will listen for when they visit Edinburgh.

We hope to get back to it one day.
Kismot shuts for a family holiday in February, it closes for almost a whole month and this is one of the reasons for my increase in curry reviews... That month made me realise that while some other purveyors of curry are really good, I rate Kismot above them.

They also recently reworked the menu, dropping a few of the less popular specialities and streamlining it. It now separates the curries by spiciness, so depending on what you fancy you can focus on one part.

As the old adage goes, absence makes the heart grow fonder, Kismot has earned five stars from me, I keep coming back and it really is the best curry in Edinburgh.
I am not sure why I haven't done a review of Kismot earlier as this is one of my favourite  restaurants in Edinburgh. I have been coming here for a number of years and I think this is due to the proximatey of the Auld hoose - alternative music, a couple of brews and then onto a curry. Cannot beat that of an evening for me. 

Onto the restaurant the decor has had a little bit of a face lift of late with some newly designed posters, as has the menu. Not going to go into too much detail as previous reviewers have mentioned this, but it is a good thing. One thing that stuck me is the new additions to the menu - Kismot Naga pickle and Iron Bruna, yep a curry with Irn Bru. 

This is a family run restaurant and the sons greet you on the door with a bit of friendly banter. You can see the other family members beavering away in the kitchen when you first enter.  

The food here is always up to high standards and our last outing was no exception. We opted for the pickle trays, poppadoms, raitha and naga chilli pickle. all washed down with lots of Mango lassi. The starter was great but the naga chilli in particular was excellent, beware this comes with an 18 certificate warning and is very spicy. 

The main courses were Veg Madras, Chicken Masalla, Prawn passanda and Chicken Tikka North Indian Chilli Garlic. All were great their Chilli Garlic is still my favourite version of this disk in Edinburgh. One thing to bear in mind you get lots of rice and the nans are large so unless you ha vent eaten all day a rice and nan portion does 3 easily. Either that or it was something to do with the fact we order another jug of lassi, but i don't think I ever come away as full eating any where else. 

Thumbs up from me.

Favourite dishes here:

- Mums Desi Khani, homemade curry with limited availability. Worth a try if you are there at the weekend. 
- Mango lassi by the jug
- Bhindi
- North Indian Chilli Garlic
- Any of the Madras dishes
- Naga Chili pickle, beware very spicy
- Methi 
- Raitha
Easily the best traditional style curry house in Edinburgh, long since recommended but we'd never gotten around to a visit.

We loved it, the service was great and the knowledge of the food was second to none, able to tailor our flavours to the level of heat we wanted, and since I'm a softie and my wife loves the intense heat this was great.

It reminded me of the best Indian food I'd eaten as a student, but better.

I cannot wait to go back.
I was looking for a nice restaurant in Edinburgh while I was in town for a short visit, and decided to give Kismot a try. The food was excellent, and more than sufficiently spicy. Portions were generous, and the staff was very friendly. I am very glad I decided to try this place out.

One bit of advice: I was lucky to get in without a reservation, as the place was quite busy. If you plan to go, phone ahead.
Just dined here last evening on a trip to Edinburgh. Read their #1 reviews on trip advisor and had to stop by for a bite. It definitely met all my expectations. Personalized service, home cooked authentic food. I always return home from a trip craving a meal from my own kitchen, tired of mass produced, restaurant food. The owners parents are the cooks, and the home cooking really shines through. I ordered the lamb rogannjosh with garlic naan. Lamb was fork tender, curry well seasoned and containing bits of fresh veggies chopped up, including sliced tomato. This curry was made with loving hands, not poured from a jar! Bravo! I have no doubt you'll enjoy your meal if you stop by! My only regret was that I couldn't taste all the unique curries offered, but I guess that's just a reason to go back ((tummy growls))
This was the best and spiciest curry I found in Edinburgh.

It was also had the single best restaurant decor I have EVER seen. The place is literally family-run and they're some of the most hospitable and friendly people in the world.

I went on a curry tour of Edinburgh while I was on holiday. I've eaten curry on three continents now and, back home, I like to get my Indian take-away and add both habaneros and ghost pepper hot sauce to it before I eat it. Curry, and especially spicy curry, is very much an essential part of my life. So I picked a new Indian joint each night while I was in the city in an attempt to find it.

The Kismot Killer wasn't available at the time I showed up but I was advised by my waiter (one of the coolest, most welcoming guys I've ever met) it's so spicy that it takes away from the actual FLAVOR of the curry, anyway. Let's be honest, there's a point when spicy becomes less about flavor and enjoyment than pure ego.

So I got the next spiciest curry on the menu - Vegetable Naga - and asked for IT extra spicy, with rice and chapati. The food was EXCELLENT. The dish, even without modification, was ACTUALLY a fair amount spicy - which, if I can taste a bit of spice, most people probably shouldn't eat it - and the flavors were SO vivid and pleasant. I would've preferred it spicier by a bit but that's okay, it was still the spiciest curry I was able to find in the city and definitely my favourite. 

Next time I go to Edinburgh I shall be visiting again.
We visited due to the excellent reviews on trip advisor....We were not disappointed! Even our taxi driver had had it recommended countless times via word of mouth! 
Service was excellent. Lamb was slow cooked to perfection & Naan bread was super! Theonly let down was that we had ordered from the meduium section and the curries were not at all hot. They were very good though. Thank you for a delicious meal! We will definitely recommend to our friends & be back next time were in Edinburgh. Great to see a family restaurant doing so well.
Friendly, efficient service was the icing in the cake of the best lamb saag I've ever eaten. BYOB policy, no corkage charge - what's not to like?
The food was just ok and kind of bland.  We have enjoyed Indian food around the globe and neither the food nor the service impressed.  It was Ramadan so maybe that had an effect, but after all the great reviews, we were disappointed.
Kismot is a family run restaurant that has excellent food and service! They do not serve alcohol but have no problem with you bringing your own. They even remind you of this when making the booking. Upon arrival, we were warmly greeted by the son and seated promptly. The decor is modern and the ambiance has a lively feel.

We tried a few different curries, tarka dhal, and the garlic naan. Everything was delicious and we were stuffed beyond belief. I cannot emphasize how great the service was here. They make you feel as if you were invited to eat at their home with mum and dad cooking. Wonderful place and a must try!
Good but not as great as others are saying. 

The Bad

The naan simply wasn't very good. I am used to fresh, fluffy naan with intense garlic flavour. These were huge but rather flavourless and a bit chewy. The pilau rice was also fairly flavourless and disappointing. For the mains, our tandoori chicken was okay but the meat was overcooked and dry. 

The Good

Our curry was quite pleasant and the mango lassi was also good. Also no complaints on the service. 

Verdict

Perhaps we had over inflated expectations, but this was simply a decent Indian restaurant with nothing exceptional. I take the sides (rice and naan) seriously and they were a let down.
Funky is the first word to come to mind. The place is all pinks and purples and turquoises and dark tables. Even the water jugs are purple or turquoise. There's a plasma screen showing a loop commercial for their King of Curry thing that they do, with their top media hits included. It's kind if distracting watching Jack Whitehall and James Corden crying and drinking bowls of yoghurt, but it kind of fits with the funky thing. If they took out the tables, chucked in a couple of lava lamps and cushions, and maybe tiled one wall with tiny mosaic mirrors, it'd be a cocktail bar nightclub.

But it's a restaurant. And it is good at being a restaurant. The food hit the spot perfectly; our vegetable pakora/onion bhajis were soft and crispy, while my chicken korma was rich, creamy, plentiful and contained great big hunks of birdy goodness. The peshwari naan don't quite reach the giddy heights of those served at Skipton Balti in Yorkshire (nothing ever will) but they're easily the closest I've had! Sweet and flavoury (still totally a word), they're lined with deliciousness.

The staff dealt with our considerable party size expertly, even shuffling tables in and out to match our miscounted numbers with not a rolled eye to be seen or a tut to be heard. I was surprised there was no water brought until we asked, well after the arrival of the poppadums at the start, but it was otherwise pretty flawless service too.

It's a bit outr for my tastes in terms of decor but it's damn fine food, y'all.
As far as listing what's good about this place goes, I don't know where to start...

Recently opened on busy and bustling Nicolson Street, In Delhi is perfect for everything from meeting friends for coffee, to a full lunch, to simply wanting to try the mango cheesecake they advertise on the blackboard outside. I can say that much from personal experience!

What I love most about this place is that it stands out from all the other lunch/coffee places in this area of Edinburgh. The walls and menus are covered with Bollywood film covers, and the seats and ceiling are covered with bright coloured, sequinned drapes and throws. Whilst the bright colours might not sound very relaxing, the seats are bean-bag comfy and the low tables give the whole place an authentic yet informal atmosphere. The kitchen is all open-plan so you can see exactly how your food is being prepared.

I usually go for the spicy chicken roti wrap when I'm there, which just like the veggie and other meat rotis comes with 4 home-made salads, pickles and chutneys - which are always different every time you go.

For those less predictable than me, the counter is fit to burst with homemade pakoras, samosas and bhajis of various descriptions and fillings, which again are all served with the lovely sides.

The infamous mango cheesecake, whilst not as sweet as usual cheesecakes, was so more-ish I even thought about ordering a second piece.

No alcohol is served, but you couldn't ask for a bigger selection of soft drinks, ranging from the usual fizzy drinks you'd expect to the more exotic - my personal favourites are the Bundaberg Ginger Beer or the Rubicon Mango juice.

Don't miss... if you're a student, take your snapfax and get 50% discount on roti wraps and coffees.
This cafe looks nothing on the outside like it looks on the inside. Which is probably why it took me so long to get to it. In Delhi's on Nicolson street, which is a pretty busy street, as far as Edinburgh's concerned (though it's no Princes Street), so the bustle of people always seemed to keep it well hidden. The outside is white with scrawling letters, and it has two large windows that show a whole bunch of colourful drapes on the walls, and similarly colourful pillows on the seats. I can't really decide whether it's tacky and overwhelming, or quite comforting. The pillows are definitely comfortable, in any case.

They serve a variety of Indian cuisine, as well as lassis, juice (passion fruit, lychee and more!), delicious chai and coffees. I had a desi coffee when I was there, which was FULL of cinnamon (always a good sign). The food's normally less than a fiver, and you get a pretty good, filling amount. Around the cafe, and inside the bathroom there are loads of magazine photos of Indian stars and they show music videos on a small TV.  

I definitely recommend going in for a desi coffee (if you're a fan of cinnamon) and a vanilla flavoured chai if you're around the area and want to get away from the sirens and bustle of buses and cars on Nicolson street.
When I first arrived in Edinburgh, this place had only been open a fresh six months, and you could certainly tell by their low penetration pricing. For one of their delicious chicken rotis meals, one could get away with paying 1.75! However, they've certainly gained popularity and increased the prices along the way. Don't take it the wrong way, their still quite cheap, and thankfully now making a profit on their meals, but I should still be allowed to grumble for the old days! The rotis are cheaper, still coming with a Snap fax discount, as well as a salad and a little side of delicious stewed chickpeas. It's also possible to buy a variety of snacks at the counter, my favourite being the pakora. For a more wholesome meal, they've got a nice variety of curries, and I very much recommend you try their Desi chai tea, which is spiced, sweet Indian tea which has a tendency to make me quite sleep each time I drink it. Having eaten at least fifteen roti's there (no joke) I especially love the charming and colourful Indian dcor, the constant Bollywood movies playing on the flatscreen TV, and the Indian celebrity magazines they've got on hand for waiting customers!
10 to 10 in Delhi is a great little Indian coffee shop in the Newington area of Edinburgh. It is really cosy inside, with a small seating area covered in brightly covered drapes and Indian music playing in the background - very authentically Indian. Although it is quite small inside it could very easily feel cramped, but they have decorated it in such a way that it feels cosy and intimate. 

There is a small counter at the back of the shop selling traditional Indian food as well as hot and chilled drinks. 10 to 10 in Delhi use authentic Indian terms on their menu when listing the food. They have a range of dishes available such as pakora's and samosas and there is an impressive selection of vegetarian meals available too.  The staff are warm adn inviting and willing to explain what a particular dish is.

10 to 10 in Delhi is a great place to sit in or takeaway food to get a little taste of India.
10 to 10 in Delhi has a pretty cool name, and that was part of the reason why my mate and I first went inside.  The interior decor feels stylish and cosy with plenty of pictures and ornaments to make you feel like you've stepped into India.  
The menu is extensive, with plenty of authentic Indian dishes, only some of which I had actually heard of before.  I went for the tandoori lamb kebabs which were delicious, spicy and served with really fresh salad.  It came in a nice, big portion and cost only about 6.50.
The service is friendly and efficient, making 10 to 10 in Delhi well worth a look if you're in the area.
Stepping in here and you feel like you've stepped into another world. They have gone all out with the Indian decor- jewel coloured drapes cover the walls and cosy cushions fill the seats. 

It smells incredible in here as well which immediately got my tastebuds excited... and they weren't disappointed. The long menu means that you are bound to find something you fancy. I didnt know what a lot of the stuff on the menu was, but that just adds to the fun and if you ask the staff for suggestions they don't look at you and laugh but explain patiently what the dishes are!

I was very pleasantly suprised by the prices which has made this a regular haunt for me for a full meal or just a coffee or cold drink.
Deceptively plain looking on the outside, step into In Delhi and you'll be transported to India. The interior is decked out in multi coloured cushions and drapes and scarves, which make you feel like an extra in a Bollywood film. This is added to by the fact they actually have Bollywood films playing in the background, sometimes a slight distraction but good fun nonetheless. Also if you want to brush up on your Hindi they have Indian books that you can have a nose in. 

The food itself is excellent and refreshingly different from most other places in Edinburgh. It is a great mix of Indian and snacky food, like a more low key Mother India Caf. They do excellent curries which can be put into a wrap (the roti wraps), definitely the highlight of the caf, but there are also loads of other Indian style nibbles to try. These wraps, despite being reasonably priced to start with, are 20% off with a Snapfax. 

They also have an excellent range of hot and cold drinks, including the Chai, which is amazing. This comes with a free little biscuity cakey type thingy which, although I am generally not a fan of cakes, was pretty good. The staff here are lovely and it is generally pretty cheap so definitely drop in for a great alternative to the standard sandwich bars that litter Edinburgh
Authentic chai, in Edinburgh, at last! This little place is gorgeous, and smacks of India with its Bollywood movies in the background and chai simmering away on the stove. Service is good, there is probably a little room for improvement in display and presentation of the deli section, but nothing that will put you off. It's the kind of place I want to return to with a book and order a never ending pot of chai, lovely.
Nice! The flatmate and i ducked in for a bite this past friday night, after recommendations from Yelp. It's listed as a tea house within the restaurant section and until i got in it didn't realise that it really was just a tea house that did food and not a restaurant that does tea.

Saying "just a tea house" is really selling it short, though. For 15 we got mixed plate of tons of starters, salad, 3 curries and drinks. It said it included a slice of cake or Indian sweets which we weren't offered but to be honest, we would have struggled to fit dessert in anyway.

As for the place itself, it's cosy and really decked out like an Indian tea tent. The Bollywood movies are highly entertaining but the Bhangra music can get a bit much.

Not enough to stop me going back, though!
What can I say about Delhi that hasn't already been said? It's really lovely. Gorgeous, cozy decor - bright hangings, comfy pillows thrown about, would really warm up a windy Edinburgh afternoon. Delicious food - tried the lamb samosas and chicken tikka masala and they were both great, generous portions as well - and the prices so sinfully low, I felt a bit criminal, like I was robbing the place. The service is very friendly and courteous and there's a great selection of teas. It'd be a lovely place to while away a rainy afternoon, sipping on tea and nibbling on poppadoms - if you can get a table, it gets quite busy, and rightfully so.
Indian nom nom nom!!

So as a friend and I completed our awesome fancy dress outfits we decided that we needed some food to reward our efforts!!

We had been admiring the mosque kitchen and thinking of giving it a go! my amigo pointed out a very true thing....it doesnt look very authentic! It looks like any cafe/restaurant that could be serving anything so on we went!

We saw Dehli and inspected the menu, cheap we thought and with him being a student on we went inside. As you go inside your eyes and other senses are assaulted. The vibrant decor, the smell of the food, the music and the bollywood madness on the screen transport you to another world away from the bustling world outside.

One thing we did notice immedietrly was the high number of Indian customers! There is a lot to be said we agreed for a restaurant if its a palce where the people of said country cuisine go to dine there!You kind of think ....yeah....this is going to be good!

After reviewing the menu we opted for the 14.95 sharing platter!!

After a reasonable wait we were not disappointed! What appeared before us was a rorating platter with different dishes!

- lovely fragrant rice
- chipati and naans
- chickpea curry,
- spinach and potato dish (alak gook perhaps im not good with names)
- chicken masala
- badjis with cous cous and salad with yogurt sauce!!

Also included for this price were a juice, I had gauva juice! So damn goood!

Also included was a desert to share which was a mango cheesecake!! The base wasa very buttery shortcake, with a cream rich cake with pieces of mango through it topped and decorated with passionfruit, raspberry and mango purees! AMaaaaazing!

Jd - hugely happy man will be back here for sure!!
If 10-to-10 in Delhi were a white-walled, standard caf it wouldn't be getting as high a rating. 

But it's not. It is a gorgeous, small yet overwhelming little cave of a caf covered in floor to ceiling with throws, occasinoal wafts of incense floating across the smell of curry and cutting through the Bollywood tunes. Whilst my date was excited at the thought of actually sitting on the floor to eat (apparently partial to it) we weren't quite there, but the seats are low and cushy and comfy so it definitely lends itself to relaxed caf culture than restaurant.

But then you order a huge plate of curry for lunch and wonder how you could justify this on a weekly basis. I mean, you can't say you couldn't afford it considering it only costs 4 for a plate of steaming, fresh curry (2 for their student deals. Seriously). And if you don't want curry there are cakes and amazing sounding coffees. Mango cheesecake with an amaretto coffee? Yes please.

It is just..magical. Which kind of overshadowed the fact my curry was only so-so. I ordered the daily special of lamb curry. Presentation definitely lacking (see photo), but hey curry isn't exactly going for those brownie points anyway. A bit sloppy, a lot of sauce, the 'steamed' turret of rice that goes a bit chewy quite quickly, very very small side salad. The lamb was nice and tender, but there wasn't much of it. And the curry was strangely not spicy...at all. My date agreed her veggie curry was also not spicy. Not even mild, just no spice. It's hard to say what the taste was as usually there is some form of obvious spice, even mustard, cutting through mild curries.

So for the food itself, I would not rush back. The cheesecake maybe. But if you are short of pennies and want a very filling meal, in quite magical surroundings you won't find anywhere else in Edinburgh, then 10-to-10 in Delhi in the place.

I think it might be a case of they do some things really well (their chai lattes and cheesecakes) and it's good value and it's really kitschy and put together. But for a foodie like me, I know I could get something far more flavoursome for only a few pound more.

Still, it was perfect for a lunchtime date.
10-10 In Dehli. By no means, the freshest, or tastiest curry you will have in Edinburgh, but it's cheap and fast and friendly. The pakoras were a little chewy, the curries were a little greasy, the breads were cut up too thin (why oh why did someone take time to make something less useful?!) but god damn I got a big tasty plate of food for 6 I can't think of many other places that would do the same. And a can of diet coke was a pound. I'm so glad that's how they roll, I hate it when places charge you 2.25 for wee glass of draught pepsi, or a wee bottle of coke. 

To sum up, not the finest, but you'll struggle to find better value.
My go to place when I am hungry, on a budget, but craving something tasty and worth more than what I paid! I always get their Chicken Masala which seems to be a very popular dish here, which says a lot about how it tastes. They also have tasty options for vegetarians (my vegetarian roommate loves it here). For dessert, I always get their mango cheesecake... which... I'm salivating now just thinking about it. It's wonderful. If you go here, you must get the mango cheesecake! The decor is beautiful as well, with colorful drapes covering every square inch of the walls. I wish they had a larger selection of dishes, but the selection they do have is tasty!

If you're craving Indian cuisine, want somewhere cozy to relax while eating, and you have only 4 pounds in your pocket, this is the place.
A quirky and effeminate little Indian cafe 10-to-10 in Delhi is almost ideal for the lunchtime curry craving, almost... Offering a basic selection of curries at good value (4) it feels a bit mean to point out the curries themselves are very mild, obviously this is to cater to the widest audience possible but it left me craving another (spicier) curry. 

The decor is much as early Holywood pictured a sultan's harem, the smells are at least in part from incense (at a guess nag champa), all in all for me 10-to-10 in Delhi is trying too hard.

The service was friendly and efficient, but based on the food and the fact I wasn't as enamoured by the decor as some, I find this place simply ok.
This is probably the main competitor of the mosque kitchen, serving cheap curry to hungry people. I would much rather eat here though. 

10-to-10 succeeds in creating that tranquil hippy atmosphere, the interior is quite a world away from the freezer outside. Bollywood music, incense and colourful cushions and fabrics give the illusion that you're in some chai tent at Glastonbury festival. That's a good thing, by the way. 

Whilst the mosque kitchen delivers vast quantities of food in a canteen-like set up, here you get table service, a menu, and somewhere comfortable to sit. Sure, the menu is limited, but it's not really that bad. You are not going to find a cheaper meal anywhere-lentil dahl and rice or naan for 3! It comes with a little salad and some couscous, which is a nice touch, considering how inexpensive it is. I also ask for extra spice with the lentil dahl, as without it, it can be a little on the mild side. Probably safer if they are making bulk quantities of one dish, as some people hate spice. I have also had the chickpeas a few times, and my boyfriend has tried the paneer. You can tell everything has been microwaved through, yet it was originally homemade, and this is the likely reality of most Indian restaurants. You would be waiting a lot longer if you really wanted them to make it from scratch especially for you, and you'd be paying more. The chai and mango cheesecake here also look interesting, though I haven't actually tried them so can't comment.

The service here is very friendly, but not in your face, which is quite refreshing.
I go to the Delhi Cafe about once a week - I can't resist! I love everything about it (apart from the toilet facilities). 

The food is cheap and delicious. The curry is very flavourful, the naan bread just the right amount of garlicky, the rice is lovely and a refreshing little side of fresh salad and couscous comes on your plate. Portions are the perfect size, enough to not make you feel like you'd want more, but not so much that it's a struggle.  Yummy, comforting food that doesn't leave you feeling over-stuffed.

The staff are lovely as well, very efficient and up for a wee chat. 

What more could you want? Love it! (I'd give it 5 stars if they gave the toilet a bit of a re-furb.)
This is probably my favorite restaurant in Edinburgh. The atmosphere, consistent quality, low prices, and delicious options make this my go-to place when friends come to visit or when I'm just not in the mood to cook. You really can't beat 3-4 for excellent curry in a cozy restaurant. And it's great for students, as it's a 4 minute walk from the main campus.
Comida india fabulosa en un sitio acogedor con un dueo de lo ms amable... Qu ms se puede pedir?

Nosotros nos habamos apuntado este local despus de leer las reseas tan positivas, y tengo que decir que ha valido la pena.
Ya slo por el postre hubiese valido la pena!!! Mango Cheesecake... aclamado por Yelpers que tienen toda la razn. Imposible no probarlo, y casi imposible no pedir ms!

Pero antes del postre, comimos, y todo todo todo nos encant - pedimos una tabla mixta para dos, con diferentes guisos tpicos, chana masala, chicken masala, vegetable pakora, curry, aloo palak, arroz, naan y salsa de yogur. 
Tambin hay platos sueltos muy econmicos (curry, sopa del da, rollos de Roti...).

Al final de la comida se acerc el dueo, nos trajo un libro de visitas a la mesa y nos invit a dejar un comentario si nos haba gustado la comida... una idea muy chula... El libro estaba ya repleto de halagos de gente de todo el mundo, y le prometimos que bamos a escribir una resea en Yelp en castellano, ya que en ingls ya haba muchas... y ah va.

Si ests por Newington o vienes hambriento de un paseo en Holyrood Park, aqu puedes comer sper bien y barato barato. Adems, hay cafs y chai para cualquier hora del da.

Nos daba mucha lstima no haber podido volver al 10-to-10 In Delhi, pero haba que probar tantos otros locales en la ciudad... La prxima vez seguro!
Really tasty and cheap, lot of choice and delicious mango cheesecake !
Vraiment bon et pas cher,  beaucoup de choix et un cheesecake  la mangue dlicieux.
I can not rave about this golden gem enough after eating here 3 days out of a 4 day visit to Edinburgh.

Food: everything you expect plus more. Perfect amount of flavor, spice, and portions. Started with the vegetable samosa which ended up being extremely filling as it comes with a side of chickpeas, small salad, and scoop of cous cous. More than I expected that on my second visit I ordered the same, added a side of rice and called it a meal. During my first visit I also had the lentils and rice. I'm used to ordering yellow lentils but found their red lentils more pured than solid, but still flavorful. Second and third visit consisted of enjoyed their cheesecakes. Just get it, trust me. 

Service: treated me like we've know each other for years. I definitely didn't feel like a visitor and of course contributed to the many reasons why I returned. I was informed after my meal they only accepted cash. After feeling embarrassed, their trust allowed for me to disappear for a while while searching for cash. They greeted me back with a smile...that's where strangers became best friends! 

Affordability:  A++++

Tips: chat it up with the staff, CASH ONLY, go back again, and again....and again.
Incredibly cheap and good with a nice atmosphere.  I even took my in-laws here when they were visiting.
I had a very enjoyable lunch at Mother India last weekend. The idea of tapas-style Indian food is very appealing as you get to try a whole variety of dishes rather than just a couple of main courses.


 We split our choices between vegetable sand meat. A crispy chilli chicken dosa, standard chicken curry, mushroom bhaji and okra and potatoes. Unlike some asain restaurants they didn't seem afraid to put a bit of a spice kick into their food which was appreciated.


 As another reviewer points out ,you'll need at least one portion of rice per person as they are quite small but the great thijng about the tapas style is you can keep ordering until you've had your fill.


 Service was very friendly and food delivered promptly. I'd have no hesitation about a return visit.
Mother India had long been considered one of the best places to get a curry in Glasgow, so the decision to open a branch in Edinburgh was a good one. When the cafe opened in Edinburgh in 2008 the locals breathed a collective sigh of relief, finally an establishment had opened that put a new perspective on Indian food. The menu advises that you order 2 to 3 dishes per person and share everything tapas style; my favourite thing about going out for a curry is sampling what everyone else has ordered, and that's exactly what Mother India has capitalised upon. Everything is cooked to order and brought to your table as soon as it's ready. When dining with a large group of people, you easily forget how much you've ordered and the dishes just seem to keep on coming (which is no bad thing given how delicious it all is!). Highlights on the menu include the spiced haddock, which is cooked to perfection in tinfoil, and the butter chicken, a heavenly concoction that tastes so good it must be very very bad for you!

The food here is tasty, the prices are cheap and the atmosphere is convivial - just make sure you come with a few friends, so you can sample as many dishes as possible
A friend told me I should go and try this place, presumably because he was so sick of me banging on about In Delhi just up the road from here. 

Maybe I didn't go in with an open mind, but I have to say there was nothing particularly special about this place. Yes, they do an amazing selection of spiced, herbal or green teas, and yes the nibbles-sized dishes on the food menu were tasty (the mushroom poori and chilli chicken dosa in particular), i thought the whole place lacked a bit of character that so many other indian eateries have. 

The furniture/dcor was very formal and serious, which is pretty much the opposite of what a restaurant with a tapas mentality should be in my opinion - I loved how we were constantly dipping into eachother's dishes sampling sharing them all, but sitting at those tables I felt as though I was doing something I shouldn't be every time I did.
An Indian style tapas restaurant which although quite new is very popular with the locals. I really like this place just because I can order a selection of Indian foods and try a bit of a variety. However, if it's crowded (which is usually is) it gets very noisy, as the sound seems to bounce of the walls and celling. 
Our waiter was good, although if you have a small tolerance for very hot stuff do not go with their suggestions of medium- our was charmingly tearing up during my date.(so pretty with makeup down my cheeks- yes) On Friday's and Saturday evenings book in advance. It's reasonably priced as far as Edinburgh restaurants as well.
I was really excited about visiting Mother India in Edinburgh, considering the repute of Mother India in Glasgow and the established knowledge that the group's food has blown away a lot of people, not least the competition. The restaurant has a cute little premises on Infirmary Street, small, but perfectly formed and set around two levels, and with a good bit of room on the downstairs floor too.

I appreciate the idea of Indian tapas is quite a novel one, or it certainly seems to be something you don't encounter often. Being a big fan of tapas and Spanish food, I do understand the attraction of having little snack size portions of quite a few dishes, and not limiting yourself to the one variety, which normally I would firmly approve of, considering my indecisive nature and food jealousy tendencies when other people are presented with their meal. As tasty as all the food here was, I found the tapas aspect a bit too much for me, with my palate unable to cope with the amount of different spices and Indian taste sensations it was being bombarded with. Perhaps I'm just inexperienced in this field, and need to give tapas Indian style more of a chance, but for now I'm sticking with my main Indian dish, rice, and naan. Feel free to call this boring, but it seems I'm old fashioned and stuck in my ways when it comes to certain types of food
Mother India is something different. Although at the time I didnt realsise there was a Mother India in Glasgow, when I was here recently, I knew I had found something a bit special.


Set aside in a tiny fronted building, inside Mother India spans two floors and is a lovely mixture or traditional and more modern concepts when it comes to the decor. It's actually rather pleasing on the eye, and if I were able to bring a few scatter cushions and a bean bag, I would have a perfect chill out space. Anyway...

The food here is something different - its kind of like the bastard love child of Spain and India - a selection of tiny portions designed to be eaten Tapas style, but from a very indian menu. The concept actually work very well - the food is not only excellent, but by ordering lots of dishes everybody gets a taste of what they fancy without suffering from food envy.

There is, depending on what combination of food you order, a overpowering sense of flavour which may be unpleasent to some peoples tastes, however, anything that manages to put a modern spin on Indian food is good with me. It also helps that I love tapas. So, "Yay! I'm a fan."
I first noticed Mother India's Cafe when sitting in cafe Nero across the road, looking out. It looked interesting so I had to try it.

This Indian Restaurant certainly is a bit different. As the others have suggested, it isn't just another takeaway or Indian buffet house, but a tapas style restaurant where you can sample many dishes. In this respect Mother India's Cafe earns points for being different.

I did enjoy the food here at Mother India's Cafe but I more enjoyed the tea. The latter was quite exciting, the former, for all its ingenuity, wasn't as great as I had hoped. I also have to agree with Fiona about the setting. Inside it is rather too bland and formal and I didn't feel overly relaxed.

At the same time the waiter was very friendly and the pricing was average. Not a bad Indian restaurant with a novel idea, but it could do with improving its atmosphere.
My first trip to this restaurant was a snap decision, one I'm extremely happy about. The moment I realized it serves Indian food, tapas style, I had a little bit of an epiphany.. sure they'd obviously already come up with the idea, but I still felt it was incredibly genius and worth having an epiphany over any how.

And yes, the food did rock my world! For the small amounts that each meal comes in (this is my only complaint, more PLEASE!) there's a lot of quality packed in. I had a wonderful chicken curry with nuts (giggle), spicy prawns, some pakoras which were surprisingly spicy and my one and only love, peshwari naan. I didn't feel incredibly full after the meal, which was less than 10 after splitting the bill; it's probably not great to be rolling out of the restaurant, but the glutton in me feels it's only right if you're paying for the food!

It's incredibly busy, and there was a 15 minute wait for a table. I triply recommend it!
I was a bit leery of paying "tapas plate prices" for Indian food, but this was delicious and worth the small premium.  We did pay a wee bit more than we would've for a more traditional Indian menu.

The aubergine (eggplant) fritters were amazing, the samosas were some of the best we've had, and the chicken tikka mahkni sauce was creamy, rich and the perfect blend of spicy & sweet.
Mother India's was my first experience of non-British Indian food. You know what I mean. Indian is indian, but us Brits have a way of doing it that makes it distinctly British-Indian. Creamy kormas, and don't forget the vindaloo. Don't get me wrong, this sort of Indian is nice, but it's all a little repetitive.

Mother India's Cafe serve up far more authentic Indian food, in tapas style portions, which means you can order 2 or 3 different dishes to share in all the flavours and textures. And this can only be a good thing.

The curries are absolutely delicious, and a million miles away from the standard "chicken tikka masala". My personal favourites are the aubergine and potato curry, channa dahl, ginger and chilli chicken, lamb pasanda...in fact it's all pretty damned good.

They also do a takeaway service (although no delivery) and it's something I make use of frequently. Rather handily with the takeaway you can order a 'large' portion which is bigger than the tapas portions you get with sitin.

I've only done takeaway from here so far, and everytime the food has been hot, hot, hot (both tasty hot, spicy hot, and sexy hot. Yep you heard me.)

My only recommendation? Try it.
When I heard it was a Tapas style Indian restaurant it almost put me off but I am soo Glad I went 
Great food ,quick service and sensible price DO NOT MISS!!
I was here this afternoon for lunch. Service is very prompt, which I appreciate. The wall coverings are lovely, and lend the place a very upscale image. 

Foodwise, myself and a friend ordered 4 dishes, 1 rice, and 1 garlic naan bread. Bill total: 22. Not bad, considering we walked away pleasantly full. 

The spicy chili king prawns were DELICIOUS. Unfortunately there were only 4 prawns, and 1 potato. Definitely worth it though. 

The mushrooms on a flake / puff pastry was good as well, more so for the pastry than the mushrooms. 

Tikka chicken was well cooked, and came with an abundance of onions and peppers. 

The thing with lamb and spinach was delicious as well, and was our only dish that came with some sort of "gravy" with which we could eat our naan bread. 

Overall, a very good experience. I really liked the wallpapers that they used. It felt very chic, but the price tag wasn't super ridiculous.
Recently went to Mother India with my gang of friends. A friend of mine  thrown a party for his new job!..there is always a reason to celebrate !! We were 5 people and i have something in mind to order as all other guys were no idea about what to eat. It is a tapas style and not bad..spicy hot, good ambience, calm, relaxed. No problem to get the table. The staffs are friendly. We ordered nans, Kebabs, butter chicken, patina lamb, chicken tikka makhani...butter chicken particular was so tasty...wow..yes, we were so hungry ! offcourse some pints..it was about 80pounds and not bad..I find some this cafe particularly authentic in thier indian stuffs. btw its a tapas style so you can order other dishes too...All together it was a nice time..and yes..will visit again !!
Checked this out last night as i had a frined to meet in Edinburgh.   As good as it gets to be honest with regard to quality of food and authenticity of flavors.
Traditional, yet 
complex, a Tapas lover's 
Indian delight
I came to Mother India a few weeks ago with a bunch of friends who frequent this place often! We had a table booked for 9pm on a Saturday night.  We walked in and it was like a party (in the best way possible!) It smelled amazing in the restaurant so I was very excited.  There were six of us so we ordered a variety of dishes. It's tapas style so we shared everything. The food arrived almost immediately which was great for us. A stand out dish for me was the prawns grilled in a chilli sauce. Our server was very kind and helpful.  I think that this would be a great date spot. Some colleagues from work often order the takeaway on a Friday night - they do larger portions for this. However, one thing to note is that I didn't find the food to be particularly spicy (this can be a good thing if you have a less spicy palette!) I'm definitely a fan and will be back!
Indian tapas is most certainly a new concept, and works quite well for small appetites, or those who want to try a bit of everything. 

Each mini dish costs between 3.50-6.50, and whilst a small plate would probably suffice for me for lunch, others may need two-three a head. I come here quite often with my parents, and usually get some poppadoms with chutney, a vegetarian dosa which comes with a fresh little salad, and something to share with my boyfriend, which is usually saag panner (Indian cheese which doesn't melt, is white, and cubes of it are cooked into sauces) or a mushroom dish which I don't remember the name of. We usually have a rice dish on the table too. The only naan I tried here was peshwari, and it was very sweet, stuffed with raisins and grated coconut. It was delicious, though to me more of a pudding/snack. 

There are quite a few veggie options, which is good for me, my dad and my boyfriend, but my mum who eats fish was equally satisfied with her choices. There also a few specials everyday. I think they could do with more Indian pudding options though. Whilst they sell very good pistachio ice cream, it's just not kulfi!

Mother India is conveniently located near the national museum of Scotland and the University of Edinburgh, across the road from Blackwells book shop.
I'd passed by this place so many times but hadn't taken too much notice, but when a friend suggested going I was happy to try out a new place and I love tapas. I really enjoyed the food. There seemed to be a wide selection of food and the price was reasonable too. 

We probably ordered too much food (we each ordered 2 tapas to share among six of us as well as rice and naan bread) but we gave it a good go of eating as much as we could. They did forget two dishes and I did remind them of one dish (as I really wanted to try it) and they brought it straight away so it wasn't an issue. 

The food was fab, service was good and the food arrived quickly enough. I would definitely go back.
This is the only place in Edinburgh which reaches my expectations of home cooked food in the sub-continent. The place is very friendly, the staff is helpful and food is mesmerizing. I can not really criticize anything about this place. It is also relatively cheaper to a lot of nasty take away's in Edinburgh. The only thing I am confused about is how is this place cheap and nice at the same time.
Got to be a high five for Mother India. Myself and a few old workmates - having all four of us gone our separate ways from the Citi arena - now congregate monthly for a Tuesday Curry Club. The idea was to try a different place every month. We've been going for two months now.... this place both times. Now I'm worried we may never see another indian restaurant.

But in fairness if going to Mother India once a month is a worry, I don't know what I'm smoking! It's tremendous, setting itself up as an Indian Tapas deal, meaning you get to try a bunch of dishes at the same time, as opposed to the standard sit-down affair offered by other restaurants en masse.

Good thing about Tuesday Curry Club (besides the curry) is that it consists of 4 growing boys with healthy appetites. With so much on offer, it means we can get away with ordering a ridiculous amount of food, and with the tapas style we can order even more if we feel we've under-supplied ourselves.

What did we have, what did we have? There was....

- Lamb Karahi
- Chilli Garlic Chicken
- Chilli Chicken Dosa
- Baby Aubergine and Potatoes
- Vegetable Pakora
- Chicken Breast Curry
- Chilli King Prawns (so good we ordered 2 portions)
- Mutton Curry (Daily special, of which there are 5.... daily!)
- Peshwari Naan
- Garlic Naan
- Paratha
- Rice

We had so much food we couldn't see the table. We had so much food we had to admit defeat, leaving some pakora and aubergine to be returned while we hung our heads in shame.

Considering we got all the above plus soft drinks for 25 a head (3 people; 1 of us had to work late sadly), shows what a bargain Mother India is.

Always busy so book ahead. Staff are delightful, chatty and happy to leave you to it once your food's down.

A must try for lovers of Indian cuisine.

Tuesday Curry Club, December location?..... you guessed it!
Indian tapas is the future! We followed the menu advice and ordered 3 or 4 dishes between 2 and naan/rice. The food was reasonably priced at around 4 per dish and it was great being able to try new dishes. I'd recommend trying the delicious ice cream also if you can leave room for it. Definitely worth a visit.
Oh mama, what morselesque deliciousness!  Complex spice combinations made each of the dishes distinctive: The creamy lamb stew, the cilantro chicken, the baby eggplant with potatoes, the spiced halibut, they were all delicious in their very own way.  Together with a bottle of (dry, not sweet) cooled ros wine, this was a perfect meal.  Each dish left behind a lingering, full bodied aftertaste, that, not much unlike old Bordeaux, made you close your eyes to enable full concentration on this sensory encounter of the Indian kind.  Besides this short-lasting anti-social effect, the tapas-style food gives rise to a very communal experience, and the place thus pulsates in a lively atmosphere.  Thus, Mother India is a good idea for romantic tte--ttes, as the night already starts off in a very sensual and interactive manner.
Definitely worth a visit if you're in Edinburgh. The butter chicken wasn't my favorite but still good. I would choose a different chicken dish next time though. The vegetable pakoras and saag paneer were both delicious. The saag paneer was spicy but nothing overwhelming. It had the perfect amount if heat. For good Indian food in Edinburgh this is the place to go.
3 of us came to the Mother India's Cafe for a well needed after work feed. I was quite intrigued about a tapas/small plate style Indian restaurant. Being one of my favorite cuisines I had been really looking forward to it all day; and it didn't disappoint! 

The restaurant looks like a cafe from outside. In fact, if there wasn't the amazing smell of Indian food coming from the place, you'd be forgiven for thinking it was a coffee shop. The decor inside is a little basic but it looks nice and it works really well. 

Between us we ordered 6 dishes and 2 rice. The stand out dishes for me were the Methi Keema Mutter which was delicious minces lamb with peas, and Aloo Gobi with Green Beans. 

Advertised as small plates, I expected small plates, but they were a really decent size. There was a little bit left in a few of our bowls/plates as we were all completely full. 

Mother India's Cafe do have some traditional curry dishes on the menu, but this isn't a tradition 'British' curry house; It is a brilliant adaptation of Indian cuisine.
While the location of Voujon is slightly off the beaten track, I would thoroughly recommend the restaurant to anyone looking for quality Indian cuisine.


 The waiters were immensely patient with our large party. Service was excellent, and this was matched by the high quality food and wide range of dishes available. Very good value for money too.
Voujon prides itself with modern(ish) Indian and Bengali food to the extent where it has positive reviews in its restaurant window from various local papers or diners who has testified.

Dont let these fool you though, Voujon isnt as great as it claims.

The 'modern' cooking is uninspiring, and totally lacking the flavours that traditional Indian food would deliver in an instant. This pretty much described the dissapointment we felt for the whole meal - lacking that certain something, the punch as it were. The food generally tasted like something you could buy from a supermarket, but was way more expensive.

However, Voujon has some redeeming features - the restaurant is beautifully modern and elegant - and the staff were helpful.

Overall, Voujon was a dissapointment - and I doubt Voujon will post this review in its window.
I went to the Bengali and Indian restaurant Voujon for the first time a few weeks ago and since then I have been back twice.  They serve traditional and authentic Indian dishes which are full of flavour. I have had a few of their curry dishes and my favourite is the King Prawn Bhuna which is very tasty and quite spicy but not too much that it ruins your meal. 

The dishes at Voujon are all very well presented and the foo is reasonably priced, with main meals around 9 and there is an extensive veggie menu available as well. They offer several different types of rice and there is plenty of variety of side dishes to accompany your meal. The decor inside is very authentic and modern whilst the staff have always been very attentive and warm.  Voujon also do takeaways and is available for private functions.
This place promises a lot; apart from anything else it's refreshing to find an Indian resturant close to the city centre which isn't full of rowdy groups lured in by the cheap food and Bring Your Own Bottle policy. Unfortunately, it doesn't quite deliver everything it promises.

There's no denying that the dcor is beautiful - the solid oak furniture and linen tablecloths certainly give the place an upmarket feel, but when main courses are  around 10-15 without any rice or naans you would expect something more from the food than it actually delivers.

That said, they offer a handful of set banquets for two people which work out at roughly 20 per head including starters right through to main courses, although my friends that I ate there with said that theirs was pretty bland and dull.

I wouldn't go as far as saying it was a bad meal, but I haven't been in a mad rush to go back to Voujon since my first visit.
I came to Voujon with my flatmates a few months ago and, whilst the service and atmosphere were excellent, the food wasn't quite up to the same standard as some other Indian restaurants in the area.  The decor feels modern, fresh and clean with plenty of neatly laid out tables and really comfortable seats.  The staff are attentive, friendly and know everything about the menu which always helps when you have no idea what to expect from a certain dish.
I went for the tandoori chicken kebabs with rice which didn't take long to arrive, but tasted a litle dry.  The salad it was served with was fresh and there were some great flavours going on, yet it was just lacking some sauce.  
I'd probably come to Voujon agai, but I just expected a little more from the food.
Reasonably good curry, although not as good as the reviews on the window claim.  I agree with the other reviews that it promises more than it really delivers.
Can't disagree more with most of the other reviews. I have been a regular here for a good few years now and rate it as one of the best Indian restaurants in Edinburgh. Food is always great, value excellent and staff fantastic. I have tried a lot of the other Indian restaurants, highly rated on yelp, and found none to be a patch on Voujon.
Tasty curry with plenty of options to choose from. Attentive staff, and a relaxed atmosphere. Great option if you are inbthe arwa and are looking for great curry.
If ever I feel the need for a take away, and I want to make a feast out of it, this is where I come.

The reason is simple: the food here is great, and the portions are massive.

A huge menu of curries, indian dishes and kebabs are on offer at Chilli Connestion as well as all the side orders and starters you could ever want. The food is spiced to perfection, the sauces are flavoursome and rich with plenty of meat in them. The naan breads are huuuuuge, and are always soft and perfectly cooked.

Chilli Connection has a quick delivery service, which you can order online for or ring up for.

My only criticsm of Chilli Connection is sometimes the service in the actual shop is poor, but for the amount of time you spend in there, this is nothing.
Chilli Connection offers great Indian takeaway food at reasonable prices considering the size of the portions.  The selection of curries is plentiful with just about any meat served in balti, dhansk, masala or virtually any other conceivable spices combination.  On top of this they serve a selection of naan breads, kebabs and rices to really quell your hunger.
The first time I visited this curry house was just prior to a night out when my friends and I reckoned some spicy food would set us right up for a night on the tiles.  I ordered the spicy chicken wings with chilli sauce and when they said 'spicy' they meant spicy.  One mouthful in and I had the full works - watery eyes, runny nose and my mouth felt like a firework had just exploded in it.  The surprising thing was that it still tasted amazing! There was genuine flavour as opposed to just raw heat and spice which can only be a sign of quality cooking.  I would certainly recommend Chilli Connection in terms of flavour and value.
If you ask any University of Edinburgh student who has lived in Newington where a great takeaway is, Chilli Connection will almost certainly be the answer.  It seems to have gone down in folklore as THE place to get curry, kebabs or pizzas in that part of town.

This reputation is helped by the location, on South Clerk Street.  This is right on the route most students staying at Pollock Halls of Residence, near Holyrood Park, will take home from a night out.  You can quite easily fall into Chilli Connection, and come out minutes later with some wholesome takeaway goodness.

Let's be honest - the food is nothing to write home about.  It's fairly unremarkable takeaway quality food.  It is the location of this place that makes it worthy of four stars.  Having sampled one of the their pizzas at some unearthly hour in the morning, it very much hit the spot, as anything would have done at the that time.  Prices are reasonable, and service is OK.

Chilli Connection are a great default option for any takeaway needs you might have.  Whilst others may have better quality food, you'd be a fool not to check out such a legend.
A few weeks ago I would have said that Chilli Connection is a great place to stop by to grab your lunch or dinner. The food is tasty and the service is friendly and very fast which is good as you don't have to hang around for a while waiting for your order. The menu is very expansive and they offer a set menu for two people with starters, main dishes, rich, poppadoms and side bits for 15 which is very reasonably. The main dishes are in the region of 5-8 and they have good selection of veggie dishes to. 

HOWEVER, they failed a health inspector report in March as the staff failed to wash their hands and there were mouse droppings on the floor. The owners have since said that have completely cleaned up the place, but it does make you think twice about going there fore food which is a shame as the food is quite wonderful.
Fresh enough, tasty enough and cheap enough Chilli Connection is a kebab, curry and pizza place which ticks enough boxes but doesn't particularly stand out... I hadn't been here in a while (before last night maybe 3 months) however I had a craving for a cheap and cheerful curry rather than my normal preference for a great curry...

Chilli Connection fills that need, a set meal for 1 only costs 8 and it includes a popedom, some vegetable pakora and a choice of classic curry with either rice or nan. In short you get a big bag of food for less than the curry alone costs elsewhere, all be it for a better dish.

The shop looks a little worse for wear however the curries are good enough, packed with meat and for the price great value. Chilli Connection is an ideal place to sooth those post pub food cravings.
Usually limiting the notion of Indian breakfasts to the remnants of the previous nights takeaway, I was pleasantly surprised by Iman's exotic delights. Admittedly, I had a little trouble interpreting the owners Indian accent and took the safe bet of ordering the breakfast special: Ghana Puri & Halwa (see picture).  Arriving on a shiny metallic platter complete with a pot of Ghana (a kind of spicy chickpea dahl), Halwa (a bizarre sweet tasting puree, flavour unknown to me...) and some moreish Puri (a kind of lightly fried flour tortilla) it seemed I was in for a feast. Rich, spicy, and flavoursome I found this dish a great way to start the day and at 2.95 and it's cheap enough too.  In typical Brit fashion I was left with a chilli heat induced sweat on my brow and a yearning for a cold beer. Nonetheless, I'll be back for more.
I hadn't been down here in a while and all of a sudden I came across this new kid- and what a pleasant meeting it was! It's sort of an Indian bakery that caters for breakfasts and lunches. Delicious treats and exotic meals await you here. I tried their version of Halwa (we won't get into here about who made it first etc) and it was sickly sweet just like it should be. At affordable prices this shop became the highlight of my Saturday wander.

Would most definitely come here again.
Imans takeaway offer a delightful range of foods that I at least have not tried before.  The food on offer is reasonably priced, yet even if this were not the case you would still treat yourself to food from here every now and then.  As it is you can regularly treat yourself to the culinary delights on offer here.

The location of this shop enhances your likelihood of a visit as although the area offers many opportunities for bacon rolls, this is one of a kind for the area.

My main recommendation would be to try something new every time you come as there is a great range on offer here all at good prices.
I've never eaten a full meal here, I only come in for all the different types of indian sweets (which I'm not going to try and spell!). My mumu spent part of her childhood in India, so I remember being introduced to these AMAZING sweets at an early age.

And this place is by far the best place I've found in Edinburgh to stock up on all things Punjabi and sugary. With the wall-to-wall counter stocked with all sorts of amazing sights and smells, if you're out and about in this part of Tollcross and fancy afternoon tea with a difference, you shoud get yourself in here.

My personal favourite is the Kulfi. Ok, so it's made with evaporated milk, double cream AND condensed milk, but it'll be worth the hours you'll be spending in the gym afterwards - I promise. So far I've tried the pistachio and plain flavour, and the mango is next on my list.

They're about to open up another branch on Nicolson Street, which is just along from my flat. Very excited...!
BYOB is always a winner in my eyes- it means an extra course of food AND a lovely drink!  A friend hosted 20 people at this restaurant and I was impressed by the fact that they managed to bring all our orders at the same time- it did take quite awhile but bearing in mind that we are talking about 19 completely different orders I thought that was impressive. Their poppadoms were scrumptious as well and the staff very friendly. 

Their menu is extensive- perhaps too extensive, with house specialities, family specialities, regional specialities and a lot of choice (even a small section for British food should you happen to decide upon entering this Indian food establishment that you don't want Indian food but would rather opt for fish and chips). Portions are OK- the best value would most certainly be the Half tandoori chicken, but I was impressed by all the dishes I sampled- names I have promptly forgot after my third glass of vino. 

A great place to get your Indian food kick in the area.
My favourite in Edinburgh.  Food is mostly the usual curry house fare but all done well. Inexpensive when you consider the quality
Staff friendly and service good.  BYOB a huge bonus
Really great food and fantastic service.  I suggest you experiment a little and try something new. Everything we had was delicious. It's BYOB, so don't forget to bring your own wine or beer.
My first trip here was for an office Xmas night out and it surpassed my expectations!! We were loking for a BYOB Indian and so decided it was worth a try based on some good reviews.. There were 30 of us in total ans it's xmas party season so I guess I was prepared for things to be a little chaotic but was pleasantly surprised when there was a number of staff ready and waiting for us! We had been placed in the back room which on the plus side is private so we could be ourselves and not have to worry too much about who's next to you... My only complaint was that it was probably a bit too small for us and we did feel a bit crammed in - however that seemed quickly forgotten when the staff arrived with plates of poppadoms and dips and of course plenty corkscrews to assist us in opening wine!! 

We had the 3 course festive menu at 17.50 per head and I'm still struggling to figure out how they managed to make a profit from it.. The deal included poppadoms n dips, the restaurant then provided everyone with a rather generous plate of starters including, pakora, samosas and bhajis each with a small side salad - each item was a good size and everyone managed to clear their plates - Good Start! Being gluten free I made them aware and was treated to my very own selection of gf starters including chicken tikka, lamb skewers and bombay potatoes - fantastic! For main everyone was asked to choose what they wanted from the a la carte menu (nothing was out of bounds and there was a fantastic range of chicken, lamb and seafood dishes!) I opted for one of mum's home cooked specials (Desi Saag Chicken) which was really tasty and spicy but not overly so... this was accompanied by as much white and brown rice and naan breads as we could eat (and boy did we give them a run for their money but it just kept coming!!) Dessert was ice cream, but with their very own ice cream shop next door and 24 flavours (turkish delight seemed popular) we were not disappointed!! 

Throughout the meal the staff were really friendly struck a good balance of being there when you need them but lft us to enjoy our evening, even when the singing started towards the end they were fantastic!! It made for a fantastic work night out and evryone was ravving about it at work after with many (including me) definately planning a return visit!!
BYOB & proper Punjabi food, great service. Reasonable prices for really good food, on par with home cooked Punjabi food. Atmosphere was lively, lots of large groups. 

The loo's need attention & I'm not sure about the decor but I'd certainly visit again for starters & mains.
A lovely venue, and the food is fabulous, if somewhat overpriced at lunchtime. Be prepared to savour what you get, though - the service is s-l-o-w.
I fell out of The Stand late one night with a choice on my hands. Chippy or try 9 Cellars. I'm so glad I chose the later.

Don't let the front fool you, this place is like the tardis. I'm not sure if there are 9 Cellars exactly but the place is huge.

That's brings me to the restuarants biggest problem, it's always empty. Now I'm not saying the venue itself is lacking, but when there are no people around you do lose the atmosphere.

The food is wonderful, I had Nalli Gosht and the lamb was perfect, cooked exactly right.  I also had half of my girlfriend's Lal Mass, this place makes me a bad boyfriend.

Please visit, it deserves your custom.
I came here with my flatmates late last year before a flat party in Old Town.  It was a Thursday evening and we all got a 10% discount because apparantly that's what they give everyone on Thursdays to Sundays.  I almost took this as a sign of desperation, but the food and quality of service proved that it's actually a great restaurant.  The menu has a good range of meat and vegetarian curries which are all authentic to India and are drawn from its numerous regions.  
I opted for the lamb Rogan Josh which was quickly prepared and and quickly eaten as it tasted so good.  It had a delicious blend of spices and the lamb was tender with virtually no fat.  This, along with a chapati and a coke came to just over 10 which I thought was pretty reasonable.  
9 Cellars is right next to the The Stand comedy club and so is ideal eating in before the show.
I have to say I was disappointed when someone told me this was the best Indian in Edinburgh.  I wanted to try some Indian while I was in the UK since it's suppose to be better than what we have in the US.  I'm still confident UK Indian is better than the US but I will need another place to corroborate that.  On the plus side, the staff is really nice and attentive.
First of all, I confused myself, as I have been calling this place Indian Thali as I swear that is what it says above the door and not 9 Cellars! But! For a place that hides itself away next door to the Stand, you can easily miss it (as my friend has done, walking past it on a daily basis for years) but if you do, I suspect secretly you would regret it. 

It does do Thali - and has a separate menu for it. For up to thirteen pounds, you will be filled to sufficiency on some of the nicest Indian food in the area (if you read my reviews, then you might argue that I say that about nearly everywhere - or I just have good taste! Don't argue with me, I can't reply easily with words of an appropriate calibre on a review site) with a choice of 2 dishes along with daal, poori or chapatti, rice and pickles/raita. I don't recommend the poori, unless you are a lover of all things deep-fried. But the rest of my meal was fabulous - and the empty plates for all four of us with constant mumbles of delight proved how good it was. 

You may note that each dish is pretty tiny, but looks can be deceiving - all of us were stuffed by the end. 

If you have the vegetarian thali, I totally recommend the aubergine dish - it is smoky deliciousness with a good kick. The meat thali were successes as well - lamb rogan josh, chicken with spinach, butter chicken and so on...

I almost forgot to mention the starters! Prawns marinaded lime and caron seeds and then deep fried - dry of oil and grease - the pakoras my dinner dates shared looked equally so. A special note of the main menu as well - had a lovely varied menu with lots of interesting dishes to try over and above your staple choices. 

All in all, if I had known this was called 9 Cellars in the first place, I would have known this was a gem from the Yelp reviews, not only with the standard of food we had but also in the service as well. As it happened, I didn't check Yelp, but I tried and loved it anyway. Sometimes it is good to be bold!
Dropping down a wee bit as my last visit took come edge off my ardour for 9 Cellars. Firstly, thali isn't served at the weekend (boo) so we had to choose from the main menu. The boy decided to try the chicken dosa, which he found lookwarm and not particularly tasteful.  Mainly disappointment fore than anything else. I tried a spinach, vegetable and dried fruit curry which was lacking in fruit. A stuffed parantha with spinach and garlic was also lacking in flavour. Service was spotty and - this is a personal gripe - why is it when a glass of water is ordered alongside an alcoholic drink, does the water always get omitted? 

Anyway, definitely less impressed - perhaps it was because it was busy, or I just prefer the thali experience, but I'm a little less enamoured now than I was before.
...and I slip further down the star scale. I'm just not as impressed as I was the first time I visited and I don't know why. The thali we had this time was burnt and too spicy for me. Dhaal watery and lacking in lentils. Rice overcooked enough to lose texture. Lime pickle that was as tough as old boots. Ajwani Jinga prawns, supposedly flavoured with lime juice and caron seeds, semi covered in breadcrumbs, mainly tasting of oil and prawn. 

I'm sad, but at the moment it's 2 fails out of 3. Service was on the otherhand getting warmer than previously experienced, but overall, I am less impressed than I would like to be.
With it's swanky lago, clean and crisp interior and the odd incense stick burning away on the counter, The Curry Leaf is a refreshing alternative to your usual take-away curry. Out of ideas and with little patience to cook for myself I've opted for The Curry Leaf's classic lamb rogan josh on many occasion, followed by their light and fluffy naan breads.

The classic dishes are inexpensive and with a home delivery service I see no reason to claim that The Curry Leaf offers everything you could possibly want from a Indian take-away service. 

Top stuff.
My flatmates and I was first made aware of The Curry Leaf when they posted a flyer with their menu under the door of our flat.  It literally sat there on the doormat for about two months until one night in December, whilst in the throes of exams, we decided to order a curry.  
Their menu is extensive, offering chicken, beef or lamb in a wide variety of sauces and all for more or less the same price.  Further, they serve vegetable curries for only about 4.50.  I ordered the lamb balti with plain rice and a shawermah naan.  In total, and including delivery, it came to 40 between four of us which seemed like a lot but it was delicious and we were absolutely stuffed by the end of it.  We even had left overs to put in the fridge for lunch the next day! My only criticism is that the shawermah naans turned out to be just plain despite us paying extra for them.
Regardless, however, The Curry Leaf serves excellent food at reasonable prices and is definitely worth a visit for a late night Indian feast.
Started just over a year ago, Curry Leaf is one of the most upscale Indian takeouts I've been to in Edinburgh. It's owned by a friendly guy called Riaz, pictured, with his very friendly pose! It's located in the peaceful area of Bruntsfield and is the only one of its kind that I'm aware of in the area. Strictly a take out business, there's not even the pretence of a table or two, and from the semi-long wait and cooking sounds I could make out in the background, the food's freshly made, and it tastes that way. It was a friend's delicious meal of Chicken Bhuna and Peshwari Naan that led me there. I suppose I have simple tastes, but I'm more enchanted by this naan than anything else:- it has coconut in it! Definitely a great side to the meal, which also didn't disappoint. The rest of the menu is quite extensive, and is very fancily worded! It's more expensive than your typical take-out, but once you take a look at the menu and the dcor you'll figure out why!
Hoocha wawa.  My take-away heaven. Fresh, simple and hot! The curry leaf in Bruntsfield is so unlike the standard take-aware fare that it deserves it's own yellow pages category.  I don't stray too much up and down the menu these days, sticking with the gourmet jalfresi and a brace of chapati. It's damn hot, but gets those endorphins screaming.  What's more it's licensed to sell beer so you're never going to get caught out at home sucking an ice cube and crying like a baby when you've chewed through a chilli. Portions are big, but probably match the price. I'm not a huge fan of the rice-the first couple of times I ordered i felt I had to have it, but I think it's better with a couple of chapatti now.
I'm going to keep on coming back until my chilli gland shrivels and dies and leaves me to korma hell.
No Cure for Common Cold

I wanted a really spicy curry to clear me of the dangers of the imminent cold I felt coming on, and was driving home from work through Bruntsfield. Knowing very little about the curry houses of brunters I took pot luck at this place.

It's a well presented take away, which was part of the allure, and I had heard about them before. The menu was relatively standard, and I chose a Jalfrezi as I know this is a standard safe bet spicy number. Garlic Naan and a couple side dishes - yes I know, I am a pig.

So, firstly, flavour levels were low, particularly in the curry, naan was fine and sides were a complete non-event. Secondly, there was next to no spice in this curry, now I know the brits apparently can't handle spice, but I can, and was bitterly disappointed at the lack of effort here.

Seriously, take my advice and don't waste your time.
My first experience of Holi Spice was an odd one - I had made an order for take-away and when I went to collect it their card machine wasn't working..so they gave it to me for free! With free popadoms. I felt quite bad though, and after eating the meal (which was delicious) I went back with cash.

The food is delicious. Really yummy and full of flavour, everything is made fresh to order. My favourite is the chicken korma, which is as good as any i've ever had.

As the Indian is also a restaurant, however, I always feel really uncomfortable walking in. I've only ever seen one table eating when I've been in, all the other times it has been empty. As a result, the staff are extremely attentive and were pouring over themselves to serve me, giving me freebies left, right and centre. I always choose to collect the food myself as I only live 5 minutes away and I like to think I'm burning the calories I;m about to consume (!), but they also have free delivery.

I really hope Holi Spice survives, it's a really good Indian and the staff are lovely.
This venue tends to change hands a worrying amount - I'm sure the last time I walked past it on my way to an exam at St. Leonard's it was a tapas place?!

Nevertheless, my flatmate and I thought we'd give it a try. There was nothing massively different between it and any other indian restaurant you'll find in Edinburgh - all the usual suspects are on the menu and they're all under a tenner. But what was good about this place (apart from the fact that it's just across the street from the Holyrood 9A for a beer afterwards) was that they lso had a load of more random curry dishes on the menu too, like the Mohonwala which comes with mango pulp, coconut, almond, cream and fresh cheese.

The annoying thing though, is that depending on what meat you get your curry with it almost doubles in price - for even the most basic curry made with King Prawn will cost you 9.95, whilst the veggies among you will only have to pay a fiver for the same dish. Also, although they do have all these other less-known curries that I was mentioning before, they're all twice the price too.

I'm a penny-pinching student, which is why I'm whingeing so much. If you're not, you'd probably like this place as the service is great and the food is tasty. They also do carry-out/delivery too, so if you can't even be bothered to leave your sofa you can still get in on the action.
Not bad, I must say, though the masala curry was oddly sweet. My brother and I ate here our first night in town, and quite enjoyed it. The lamb naan was very, very good. The chicken pakoras were oddly slimy inside, though, like some of the batter hadn't been cooked thoroughly. Chicken was cooked, though, so all's good. Delicious chutneys and sauces for the papadum, so that was great.
I was very surprised by Passage to India, I was given an extremely warm welcome by the manager and he pulled the chair out for my girlfriend (touch of old school class).

I ordered the Chicken Shashlik on a recommendation and I wasn't disappointed. Big chunky kebabs marinated in a mild curry sauce with safron infused rice. Heaven!

The best part was the price, both of us ate for 20 and we got 2 glasses of wine on the house!
As a rule, I tend to find you can judge an Indian restaurant by the smell when you first walk in. This useful tip has come in very handy more than once I have found and, I am proud to say, my nose didnt let me down for Passage to India. 

My mouth was watering by the time I had sat down at my table, and had ordered my drink with the most friendly staff member I had ever met - he was funny, helpful and just all round nice.

The food was certainly not a dissapointment - my lamb masskai was beautiful, and all the sundries we had ordered were just as good. 

The price was also pretty good - with 4 of us dining for around 12 each, which was the cherry on top of an already good cake.
The thing which first attracted my mates and I to Passage to India was its name and original sign.  This place is definitely not just any ordinary restaurant, and I would even go so far as to say that it is flawless.  From the moment we walked in we were greeted like old friends by one of the friendliest waiters I've ever met.  The decor is stylish and unique and the tasbles all seem perfectly placed to give a comfortable atmosphere.  The menu is extensive and has a good range of kormas, tandoori specials and other authentic Indian dishes.
I ordered the Lamb Tikka, plain rice and a naan which all arrived pretty quickly and tasted incredible.  The sauce was amazingly creamy and had a good blend of spices whilst the lamb was clearly of the best quality.  
We each spent about 13.50 on a great, filling meal and some real Indian beer.  I would recommend Passage to India any day for both impeccable food and service.
Passage to India is just another curry house serving up dishes with muddled flavors that won't excite you.  Paratha was a bit dense and came to the table when I was half way through my curry.
I did a curry tour of Edinburgh while I was there on holiday. See, I eat curry and spicy food like NOBODY's business - I eat food so hot that I've literally watched others cry over a mere taste at my food. So, I decided to hit a different Indian joint each night while I was in the city in search of the most flavorful and spiciest curry.

This place was pretty good. The staff were more interested in chatting with each other than serving, which I'm not opposed to as a rule but it wasn't the most welcoming atmosphere. Also, the prices were a bit higher than I expected, which sort of put me off. And, since I'm complaining, my request for the dish to be "extra extra spicy" was obviously not taken seriously because I could've poured my meal into my eyes and it wouldn't have hurt. 

That aside, the atmosphere was very elegant and simultaneously welcoming, which was nice. And the food WAS very delicious. I'm not sure I've ever had a tastier dal (lentil) dish than the one I had here. That I had to bring my own Thai Chile Peppers to add even a zest of spice was unfortunate but the chef's ability to bring out subtle flavor was extremely impressive - redeeming in and of itself. So, not Edinburgh's spiciest curry and never going to come close, but it sure tasted good!
My flatmates and I visitited Tikka Mahal shortly after it first opened during the summer last year.  The menu looked entising and relatively cheap from the outside so we decided to give it a go.  The decor inside was pretty nice with newly painted yellow walls shiny mirrors.  It's intended to be a takeaway as well a restaurant and probably does equal trade through both.  We decided to sit in and we all ordered a curry with rice and a naan.  I opted for the chicken rogan josh which didn't take too long to arrive and tasted great when it did.  The portions were also excellent and the meal only cost us about 7 each.  
My only criticism is that at that time we were probably some of their first customers and they were keen to see what our reactions were to the food, so it felt like we were being constantly watched whilst trying to eat which was irritating.  I doubt you'd have that problem if you went now though, and Tikka Mahal is a well-priced Indian with great food.
Tikka Mahal is fairly recent on the takeaway scene in Edinburgh and it has made a pretty big impression on me. 

Situated in the Newington area of Edinburgh, Tikka Mahal is just a short walk from the city centre and it is very close to the University so it is a convenient place for students to go to for dinner. 

Despite being called Tikka Mahal, giving the impression that it is a curry house, they also do kebabs, burgers, pizzas and fish and chips - so a bit of everything. I came in with a friend who ordered a chicken korma curry with rice which he said was really tasty and the rice was well cooked. I had a burger and chips which also tasted really good and the portions were a decent size. Our meals came to about five pounds each which was a really good deal. 

There is quite a substantial dining area inside the shop, and Tikka Mahal also does takeaways as well as home deliveries which is incredibly convenient.  I haven't been back since but I had a good experience here I definitely plan to go back.
I absolutely LOVE Tikka Mahal. It is the only place for Indian / Pakistani food in Edinburgh. They are very gracious when you walk in, and all food is prepared fresh to order. The quality of the chicken is fantastic, and you never get weird chewy parts like I often find at other cheap establishments. Both the chicken karahi and the chicken rogan josh are divine. They roll our the naan bread fresh right there for you. I'm a HUGE fan!
chicken korma takeaway was delicious - sweet sauce and tender chicken-huge portion - one order was enough for 2 people, enough sauce for both rice and nan. cheese nan was giant and awesome
Part kebab shop and part curry house Tikka Makal does a good solid curry and decent pakora all for a very reasonable price, however there is nothing particularly special about it. The curries are prepared fresh while you wait and it is a reasonable sized portion, which is nice however there isn't a massive variance in the flavours of the curries.

In short there are better choices (all be it a little more expensive) in the area, however Tikka Mahal is normally fairly quiet and is certainly good enough to satisfy the Indian comfort food craving.
While in Edinburgh on holiday, I went on a curry tour. See, I eat spicy food like you breathe air. Back home, I get my take-away and add both Habaneros and Ghost Pepper Hot Sauce before I eat it. My spice tolerance is ridiculously high. I've also eaten curry on three separate continents, so I know my curries pretty well. So, I picked a different Indian joint each night and went on a search for the most flavorful and spiciest curry.

I came onto this place midway through my adventure. It is very much a diner-style Indian restaurant with a VERY casual, laid-back atmosphere. It is family run - the father in charge did most of the translating to the staff that prepared and served my food. There wasn't a vegan-friendly Vindaloo on the menu but there were several meat-based Vindaloos, so I asked if it would be possible to order a Vegetable Vindaloo. The father quickly assured me that would be okay so I ordered it extra spicy with Rice and Chapati. 

Now.... I don't want to gripe. The prices here were VERY cheap, and the food was flavorful as anyone could ever hope for. Seriously. But, what I ate wasn't a vindaloo. I wonder if maybe the chef just made me a Vegetable Curry instead and hoped I didn't know better? So, It was very delicious and I won't complain about that. But it wasn't spicy and it wasn't a Vindaloo.

Luckily I brought along three Thai Chile Peppers to spice it up.

Of course, Thai Chile Peppers to ME are about as spicy as cinnamon to most people. But still, it definitely helped bring out the inherent and distinct flavors of the dish. So, the food wasn't spicy but I'd come again just because of the place's affordability and their willingness to accommodate customer wishes. Good on you, mates!
i wanted good and family run kind of indian restaurant in my last day in edinburgh. i found this restaurant on tripadvisor and lucky that i did! i ordered chicken with okra in some kind of curry sauce and garlic naan bread, topped with a mango lassi. all that for under 10 british pound! wow! food is made fresh to order. it was a little greasy but god everything is so tasty i don't mind at all. and the mango lassi comes in a pint! no kidding. too much for one person really but i had my water bottle with me so i poured the excess into it for later. 

tasty, good, honest, family style indian food for so little money. portions are big. i skipped lunch and only had a snack since breakfast so i devoured everything. i probably could not have if i had had a regular sized lunch. well, the other customers tend to take the leftovers home so i guess that it is okay too. what a great find and wonderful way to stay warm in a cool and damp fall evening in scotland!
Family run curry house in a similiar style to Kebab Mehal, and offers the usual array of Indian food options. Inexpensive, hearty and good food with those qualities you cannot go wrong really.  Its not a restaurant but more of a kebab/curry take away so the decor is minimal with a resonable ammount of chairs and tables for patrons. I like the price, the food and the service. Definately worth a look if you fancy a cheap lunch time meal deal or a cheap but tasty biryani in the evening.
This restaurant just opened 3 days ago, so there were some glitches and service was a bit shaky because there were two people trying to serve the tables and orders were mixed up a bit.  They have both lunch and dinner buffets.  Lunch is $7.99 and dinner is $9.99.  The weekend buffet goes to $11.99 and I don't know if there is anything different to make weekends more expensive.

I had the buffet and my wife had Saag Chicken.  Her dish was very good.  She asked for it not spicy at all.  There was some spiciness, but she could live with that and it's good that she is growing in her tastes.  The buffet was good except for a major glitch which soon smoothed out.  Something happened to the heated water under the steamers, and some of the food had cooled somewhat before they got it back up to piping hot.  I won't remember all the dishes but they had vegetable samosa, a spicy lentil dish, chana masala, aloo palak, jeera rice, chicken korma, tandoori chicken, chili beef, and gulab jamon.  Except for the temperature issue, the buffet food was quite good.  I tried some dishes I have never had and it was all good.  The gulab jamon was outstanding - the first time I've had this dessert.

One issue we had was with an order of garlic nan.  There was no garlic.  There was a mixup in orders.  He deleted the amount from the bill.

We will be returning and it's close to home, so I can to take out, too.  

The brochure syas they have live music and karaoke Thursday through Sunday.  The owner promised to play something for us, but he got too busy helping out.  This is a small suite in the Village Square Plaza a few doors east of the Regal Cinemas and next door to the Coldstone Creamery store.  Capacity is rated at 65 people, so it's a small place.

If you go to their website, you can download their menu as an Excel spreadsheet.
I loved this restaurant.
I travel all over the country and always eat Indian if I can.  Vegetarian friendly.  Gluten Free friendly.
Casual atmosphere.
The staff is overwhelmingly nice, warm, friendly.  By the time we left, I felt like they were friends.  I let them pick out my food using my Gluten Free restrictions and was amazed with my meal.  The Bhel Poori was so unique and filled with flavor.  The dosa tasted like the dosa's that I ate in India.

The owner(s) sang songs and entertained us unexpectedly.  We meant to pop into the restaurant for a quick meal.....we left feeling like we had a casual night out on the town with new friends.

Go eat at Pyaars!  Then go back.  This place is near a movie theater and is so new that it had no sign yet.  Find it...it will not disapoint!
Best priced Indian Food in Vegas. They have only been open a week and were having some trouble with their oven, so the naan wasn't great. The food was way too salty but was otherwise great for their first week. 

Their chef used to work at Gaylord Indian at the Rio so I was surprised that their dishes tasted very different than at Gaylord... not bad different, just different.

Harold the owner is a great person to chat with and service was outstanding.

I will give them another chance in a few days and see if they have the kinks worked out. I can see giving it more stars next time.
This is a very tough review for me to write. On our trip to Pyaar the one good thing I can say about the restaurant is the owners are some of the nicest and most accommodating people you could hope to meet. Unfortunately, I really didn't like my meal here.

It should also be noted that this is a review ONLY of the dinner buffet - it's possible that ala carte menu ordering will produce a different experience.

Anyway, when my wife and I discovered a new Indian restaurant was opening in town we were pleased, but the news that this one would feature an Indian DINNER buffet had us over the moon. We are night owls by nature and during vacation times or on weekends we aren't always ready to go in time for a lunch buffet - the chance of a dinner option for Indian buffet sounded perfect.

Tonight we went in with no expectations. $9.99 or so per person for dinner seemed like a good deal, although we were surprised that Naan had to be purchased separately (it's usually included with the buffet - this is the first time i've seen it as an extra).

The selection was small and I ran into immediate problems. I'm not sure if this is synonymous with the particular cuisine Pyaar aims at - they claim to me "The only North-South-Mogul Indian restaurant in Vegas" - but I was surprised at the presence of a couple of beef dishes, the lack of any real "main" dish for vegetarians and nothing at all with the nice sauces I've come to expect from Indian food. 

No Paneer dish, no Chicken Tikka Masala or Chicken Makhani, no samosas, no pakora, no kofta of any sort.  What I ended up with was the only two tandoori chicken drumsticks, some of the very wet "chilli beef" some of the vegetable curry and a lot of rice.

The tandoori chicken was fine if unspectacular and I'd have been OK to eat that and write it off as a "notch in the belt" but not somewhere I wanted to visit again, but unfortunately the rest of the tandoori was thighs which I don't like. The chilli beef tasted like a generic beef stew with a bit of chilli powder added, potatoes were OK-ish but a bit hard in the vegetable curry.

My vegetarian wife fared even worse than me - ending up with some chick peas and a bit of potato on top of a bed of basmati rice.

By the time our Naan (which tasted like a flour tortilla) arrived I realised that I had nothing to mop up as there was no dish featuring any of the delicious gravies I have come to associate with Indian food.

Around 3 minutes into the meal my wife pretended to receive an urgent phone call and we apologised and asked for the check. The owners felt bad for us and were extremely nice, offering to let us fill up to go boxes from the buffet and they waived the cost of the Naan. 

Now, perhaps it's a different type of Indian cuisine and it's just our personal taste, but we really didn't like the buffet here at all. I feel bad having to pan this place so harshly because I really liked the owners, but I hope if they read this review they consider some changes to their buffet because right now it's uninspired bordering on inedible.
We immediately got a great sense of family in this restaurant. Their name is fitting, as "Pyaar means love."  When we walked into this restaurant, it's as if we were all good friends, meeting together for the first time in years. I'm assuming this is family owned. The mother, father, and son were more than willing to accommodate us.

We aren't regulars at Indian restaurants and the dad was quick to help. We had a mango lassi, vegetable samosas, ginger chicken, and chicken biriyani. There was more an enough for leftovers. 

The icing on the cake was when the dad and son offered to sing/play for us. Let me tell you, that man does an excellent impression of Frank Sinatra, Sammy Davis Jr, and Louis Armstrong. It made my night!

I'm sad to hear that the negative reviews are for the buffet... perhaps they should have gone with the menu, like us.
A true Vintage Vegas spectacle. 

Go on Friday or Saturday nights after 7 for Indian food with a live jazz trio, belly dancing, and occasional impromptu performances from Al -- the singing chef. 

He's not only the chef, but also the owner -- and he does a KILLER Louis Armstrong impersonation. This is a true MUST SEE.  

Food was pretty good. The lunch buffet was small but I liked everything I tried. Nan was extra -- which made my lunch buffet about $9. Not bad -- ESPECIALLY considering the entertainment.
ok confession .... my friend Susan L drags me places to try new things... and I go willingly. 
She took me to Pyaar and I shrugged and said "roh-k"  
So we get their and the first thing I thought was "I am so thankful for air conditioning cuz it is freaking hot outside"
We sat down and it was nice the booth was really roomy and, our hostess  (and I am thinking one of the owners) brought us ice water right away.
I ordered a strawberry lasse (i think that is the spelling) I thought it was a soda ... Susan informed me it was a yogurt drink and I wrinkled up my nose, and thought "oh crud I ordered wrong" 
Not being a connoissieur of Indian food, I really have a limited idea of what to order. 
We ended up ordering Biryani (beef), and chicken Tandoori sizzler,  which was a little like fajitas... and Garlic Nan Bread.
the server /hostess/owner brought me my strawberry drink , and it was GOOD.  Bonus!
Then she brought the Biryani, which was served a little differently than I had ever tried before. It had cucumber, onion and fresh tomato sliced around it. It was very good and SPICY!! So that yogurt drink was perfect, it totally cut the heat IMMEDIATELY.  
I was NOT crazy about the Tandoori ... not my favorite at all. Susan enjoyed it alot (she took the left overs)  but this is not a reflection on the whole review , but it is not the best I have tried.
The other thing I was not crazy about... is the buffet ended at 3pm and the food was still in the trays after 4 pm. (just kind of ... sitting there)  
However the service was REALLY great. Very accomodating. The tandoori usually comes on one plate and she made sure it came on two plates since she knew we would be sharing. I thought that was really cool. She also made sure that our water never got too empty. 
I thought it was really a good experience. 
But it is really far away and it isn't a place that I would go to on a regular basis. 
I gave it three stars because it was good food ... and good service.
I was so excited that there was an Indian place so close by that I had to try it! The menu has so many things to choose from ....they even have Chinese food with an Indian twist. I was really tempted to try it but I thought I should stick to the Indian dishes first. I started off with a Blueberry Lassi which was really delicious compared to Bollywood's Mango Lassi. I liked this one better because I could tell it was made out of fresh blueberries by it's texture. My friend Sharr and I ordered different items so we can sample more dishes. We ordered the Beef Biriyani, Tandoori Chicken sizzler, and the Garlic Naan. The Beef Biriyani was good on the inside where all the beef and spices were but on the outside it was like white rice. I'm used to having the spices spread throughout . I would have to say I like Bollywood's Briyani better because of how the spices are spread through out  the whole dish and they have a curry sauce that they serve on the side with it. I was impressed with the Tandoori Chicken sizzler ...anything that sizzles on a plate gets me instantly excited. I've never had Tandoori before so I have nothing to compare it to but I thought it was tasty! The Garlic Naan here is flavorful and I like how they pre cut it before it's served. I thought the service here was very thoughtful. The lady who took our order knew we were sharing the chicken so she had it split into two plates. I'd love to come back when they have the live entertainment and sample other items on the menu.
This is an Indian restaurant my (Indian) husband and I will keep coming back to in Vegas!  We had dinner here tonight with a friend from out of town.  We ordered a lot of different dishes to share family style.  We started with the papads, which were tasty but didn't come with any chutney (surprising).  The mains followed with saag chicken, fish curry, dal makhni, egg curry, upma, jeera rice, raita and garlic naan.  We felt like everything had been lovingly prepared, it just had that homemade taste.   The stand out dish for me was the egg curry - just fantastic and kind of hard to find on menus at Indian restaurants in the US.   My husband and friend thought the fish curry was number one, with a fresh tomato taste.  Only one downside, the naan was just so-so - kind of tasted like the frozen supermarket naan that they doctored up with garlic and cilantro.  
To drink, we all ordered fresh lime juices, which were a perfect accompaniment to the foods.  The restaurant is working on getting their liquor license within the next few months.   In addition to the great food, there was live entertainment with a jazz trio, and singing done by the owner/chef.   The chef and his wife also came over to chat a few times and make sure everything was ok - lovely people.  Overall, it was a friendly and fun atmosphere and the prices were not ridiculous like at many Indian restaurants in town.
First off...the set up is beautiful. Great atmosphere and they even had a good 3 piece jazz band playing when I walked in.  I was expecting something great from the newly opened Indian restaurant, but when I had got there, they had miss placed my order, they were out of 2 of the items I ordered, and the food was mundane.  Although, I was extremely disappointed in the service and the quality of the food, since the staff was extremely apologetic and the setting was impressive, I'm thinking I may give the place a second chance. Maybe.
I tried to dine here at 11:15 on Tuesday but they weren't open yet even though the hours posted claimed they opened at 11:00 am.
I came to Pyaar in a roundabout way. You see, I asked the hotel desk clerk if he had a menu for the Thai restaurant around the corner, Archi's.  He said he did but they had changed the name to something else. He fussed around in a drawer (not in his drawers, that would be weird), said "Here it is" and handed me a menu for Pyaar.

I knew right away that Indian cuisine is not Thai cuisine.  I'm funny that way.  While I have enjoyed being curried away at both, the food is distinctly different.  Anyone that is even a slight foodie is not going to confuse Thai food with Indian food.

So I decided to check them both out. And I decided on Indian instead of Thai.

I was the only one in the restaurant. I tried ordering several things and struck out with an assortment of "We're out of that" and "He only makes that during the day" (Hint-don't put it on the dinner menu).

I opted to order several small things. I started with a veggie samosa, followed with some gobi paratha and to go...rasmalai.

I really liked the samosa.  The gobi paratha was pretty good, with a nice robust and grainy bread.

The rasmalai for dessert was...interesting.  Very sweet.

Overall, pretty solid Indian, nice people and reasonable prices.

And Sanford and Son on the tube when I left.

Too old school for me.
Went here for the first time the other night.  This place is a gem.  Great food, great atmosphere.  Definitely a special find here in Vegas.  I will be back for sure
This is my 3rd time eating here, and first time eating the buffet, needless to say I am not pleased. 
The buffet was about 15.00 and runs from 11-2pm. I came in about 130. I was given water by the owner, and he never asked me if I wanted anything to drink!!! On the buffet: All of the rice dishes were on the verge of dry and crunchy. The eggplant dish was very bitter, the vegtable pakoras we dry and unedible, the ground meat (i think beef) was just plain ole funky!. The bread that came with it tasted like it was re-heated. Overall a horrible buffet. During my lunch, I was never asked how things were or if I needed anything. The cook is the one who rang me out when I was leaving and he asked me how things were, and I told him dry, and not very good. He told me I needed to come in the morning and not so late!!! So save your money and go somewhere else. I hate to say it, because I was glad to have a indian restaurant in the neighborhood, but this place isnt going to last and is going down fast. 
I also noticed in the kitchen that they had "taste of India" seasoning pastes. This places says they serve made from scratch dishes......lol...
When I ate at this restaurant I almost felt I was in the twilight zone. The owner (Harold) and his wife are so friendly it's almost scary. They constantly come to your table and engage in conversation with you (Harold asks for everyone's name and remembers it). 
I'm kind of making this sound like a bad thing, but it's a good thing. A very, very good thing. The world would be a much better place if more people were like them. 

Anyways, they have a lunch buffet and used to have a dinner buffet, but they decided to stop doing that unfortunately, which is a shame as I always like Indian food better when I'm able to pick out small portions of various items rather than one large portion of one or two things (Indian food sure does fill you up quickly). I decided to just go for it anyway though. 
My first time here I got Veggie Samosas, Tandoori Chicken (which literally sizzles as they bring it out for you) and garlic Naan. 
Samosas: HUGE. They were served with two sauces, one sweet black sauce and another minty cilantro sauce. I really liked the sweet black sauce but the minty cilantro sauce smelled too minty for me to put it in my mouth. The samosas were filled with curried potato and pea flavor, they could have been a little crunchier though. 
Tandoori Chicken: I ordered the 6 piece and I was shocked at how large they were. Nice, spicy and tender. VERY filling too. 
Naan: A little bit too much cilantro, but pretty damn tasty regardless, like Naan should always be. 

Would love to return, I would try to do so earlier next time so I can try the buffet. Even if the food wasn't that good I would probably still go here just for the so nice it's practically ridiculous service.
The worst indian restaurant I have eaten in in the US. I am Indian and I will not suggest this to anyone. Please avoid at all costs!
Are you kidding me........you just spent 20min. telling us how great a vegetarian diet is. You bring us food and every dish has chicken in it. Sorry i still don't agree with the whole chicken is a vegetable deal.....
A little more expensive than I was comfortable with. Everything was ala carte.
Very strange dining experience.  Had a coupon from not-Groupon, and that sent the owner off into a tizzy about the problems he had with the company.  I think it was a $25 off coupon I had purchased, but according to him it was supposed to be $25 off $50.  He claimed it was the company's fault, but I think maybe he misunderstood the concept of the Groupon-like sites.  He did honor it, but I felt like I was the bad guy using it.

The food was pretty good, though.  But it was all a bit overpriced without a coupon, so I doubt I'll be stopping back in there.
My rating is based on the over all experience. I enjoyed the food, it was fresh and tasty, and there was plenty. I went with a friend of mine, the only real reason for not giving it a 4 or greater was the strangeness of our dining experience. There was no music or any ambient noise and we were the only ones in the restaurant, so it seemed a little eerie. There was no buffet, which I was interested in seeing what they had to offer but was not disappointed because rarely do they have chicken vindaloo at the buffet which is what I order. Vindaloo was good at a 6/10 on the heat scale and the veg. palau was good too, enough for my friend and I to share with some to take home. A good place to go especially since this is one of the few indian places on this side of town.
It's really not fair to rate an Indian restaurant based on its buffet only. Unfortunately, I only have that one experience upon which to base my assessment of Pyarr. 

Located in Village Square, just a few doors down from the Regal Cinemas, Pyarr is relatively new, and its obvious it hasn't built up its clientele yet. I visited during the lunch buffet with a friend one weekday, and we were the only other people dining in there aside from one guy at his lonely table. Seating was open, but we were promptly greeted and quickly brought water as our drink orders were being taken, which left us to hit up the buffet.

Of course, this is where my review gets highly subjective. The buffet selection was, let's say, not impressive. Especially not if you're a vegetarian (hello!). There were only eight-to-10 hot plates from which to choose, and none of these were fried goodies such as samosa, pakora or papadum. The selection does change daily, but I'd rather see Pyarr ixnay the bulk of its mostly ignored cold condiment selections to make room for more hot stuff. And maybe they will when business picks up.

The buffet does include a serving of their fresh naan, however, and I will say this: I think this is the best naan I've had in Vegas, even counting my beloved India Palace. And even though the selection was weak, the food I did have (jeera rice, aloo palak, yellow daal) was tasty and just spicy enough.

The service was excellent. We were being checked up on regularly, asked for feedback on specific dishes, re-filled with beverages (maybe not accurately, but ...), etc. Again, this might have been because we were the only people in the joint, but hey, it's something.

Either way, I plan to come back to explore the menu further during dinner hours, so I can maybe give a more well-rounded review.
Haq's is a good quality Indian takeaway on Leith Walk which offers great food and pretty fast delivery.  My flatmates and I ordered a curry from here last year and it arrived speedily and at a fairly reasonable price.  We had one their menus put under our door earlier in the year and decided to give them a shot when none of us could be bothered cooking or walking to get a takeaway.  My only complaint of Haq's is that the phone call to order the food was about as strenuous as walking to the nearest Indian probably would have been.  My mate had to repeat just about every detail twice and was literally screaming our address down the phone at the guy.  
After this, however, the food seemed to take no time to arrive and only cost about 8-9 each, including delivery.  I had the chicken Kathmandu which was delicious with good quality meat, but just about blew my head off it was so hot!  I would recommend Haq's for delivery, just practise your elocution prior to the phone call.
It's been quite a while since I reviewed a take away - so its a good job then that Haq's was a pretty interesting subject to write about.

Firstly, the food here is amazing - the traditional indian cooking is splendid and I promise you, whatever you choose, you wont be dissapointed. No case of food envy here.

The take away service is varied however, sometimes it is a well executed delivery and other times it is so messed up you wonder how Haq's can get away with it. Theres no middle ground with the take away service - its either great or shocking!

Over all though, the quality of the food and the fact it is only around a tenner each for a banquet means I actually really rate this place highly.
Yum! My friend and I have ordered several different curries from here and they have all been delicious. From the super spicy to the sweet and tangy, it's all been delicious and filling. 
We really like the free pakoras you get on orders over 20 and they make really great Chapati! It's so rare to find such good chapati in Indian restaurants anywhere, but Haq's definitely did not disappoint. 

What a great place for take away! Totally worth it.
I've been here twice now, once when I first moved here and then a few weeks ago. The first time I wasn't blown away, but I can't remember why not either. Since we can't find Chinese to meet our needs we branched out to Indian. The guy who always works the counter is lovely and they offer a student discount, which is decent. 

They also deliver for free locally and are very cheap, which is fantastic if you are feeling like some good Indian, but low on funds. They have so many curry's to choose from and all spice levels. The curry's are tasty and big portioned, the special rice, or non-normal rice has red and green colored rice, which is weird, but I believe you can get normal white rice. They offer two meal deals, which are less then 17 quid and you can get either veggie or meat. 

It is certainly an easy take-away option and doesn't disappoint if you want a quick, cheap curry. Not amazing, but for the price it is tasty and you can't really complain.
K2 is a handy wee kebab house to pop into. Situated in the centre of the Newington area of Edinburgh, K2 is just a short walk from the city and centre and it is very close to the University so it is incredibly convenient for the students.

K2 specialise in Indian and Turkish cuisine, with dishes such as curry's and kebabs. Their menu consists of Tandoori Indian dishes, as well as the more popular curry's such as korma and Rogan Josh. K2 also sells the more traditional dishes too such as fish and chips, burgers, fried chicken and pizzas. 

I have been to K2 several times for dinner over the years and I have never been disappointed with my meal. Their burgers are extremely well cooked and haven't got a layer of grease on them which you can sometimes find with takeaways. The chips which came with it were also very tasty, and the whole meal comes to about 3 - what a bargain! 

There is also a good selection of vegetarian dishes available on K2's menu and so there is something for everyone. You are able to order online on their website and they have a home delivery service which is incredibly convenient. K2 is open late so it is a great place to stop by for some food on your way home from a night out.
Situated on Clerc Street, K2 Kebab House is ideal for students from the local halls of residence and I went there myself quite a few times during my first year.  At that time they used to have a deal on called 'chicken, chips and chutney' which cost 3 and was exactly what it claimed to be and tasted great, although horrifically spicy.  
I was back in about a week ago and they're no longer doing that deal, but they're still offering delicious curries, kebabs and burgers at reasonable prices.  I went for the lamb korma with rice which cost less than 6 and tasted great.
My mate, however, ordered a pizza which came with lashings of grease which he had to mop up.  Other than that their food is generally good and well worth a taste.
They used to have a sofa at the back of K2. A bit leather one which they invited you to sit on whilst you waited for your food. Then one day, I went in, and the sofa was gone. Now I don't see the point. I think it's because I, and plenty of other people I know, kept going into K2, ordering food then falling asleep on the sofa - this was due exclusively to tiredness you understand, nothing else.

I know, I know, it's a curry house, not a bloody lounge. And, as far as the food goes, it's pretty good. Fairly standard, but tasty nevertheless. They have a quite funny offer on where you get a free can of pop with a meal. But the only cans you're allowed are rolla cola and dandilion and burdock. Maybe cream soda too. It's also cheap - you'll not pay more than a fiver for anything. 

So all in all, it's a pretty good take away. But it was so much better when they had the bed. Sorry, sofa.
I wanted to like this place but as a delivery option, it fell short of expectations.  First, it took 1.25 hours for delivery (on a non-snowy Edinburgh evening), second, the doner kabab w/ chips that I ordered was missing the chips + the garlic sauce that it was to have come with.  Lettuce was a bit on the dried/old side and only 2 slivers of tomatoes were included in the salad.  Third, there was a curry sauce in there that had more than the usual amount of oil floating to the top.  I think I'd come back to give it another try, since the price is fair -- however, I'd avoid delivery and do take-away instead.
i received a leaflet under my door from Taj Express, and normally I just throw them away because I hate junk mail, but I hadn't had an Indian for ages and the temptation got the best of me and I am so glad it did!

Taj Express offer a wonderful, tasty curry at very respectable prices.
I ordered a chicken balti, which was delicious and you get a generous serving. I also ordered naan bread which was cooked to perfection, and not too greasy, unlike most Indian restaurants.

What's more is that if you spend over 15 you get free delivery which is great, the delivery time was quite long at 40 minutes, but the quality of the food more than made up for this.
This small unassuming takeaway (there is a dining space however there are no facilities) produces some tasty Indian food and the portions are generous. I particularly like the tandoori chicken biryani (the chicken in this is cooked fresh when you order), though the curries are also flavorful, if fairly standard Indian fair.

In the area you can't go far wrong with Taj Express, the food is tasty and there is plenty of it.
Whoever decided to open another branch of Iman's just a five minute walk from my flat is my new best friend. Whilst threre's no denying that Newington has more curry places than it really needs, this one is definitely a keeper.

Usually I'm wary of places that offer too many different things to choose from on the menu, as it usually means that it's not going to be particularly fresh. But in this case, it just means I'll always be able to try something new the next time I come here or order a takeaway.

So far, my current favourite is the Tikka Madras Korma. Creamy and almondy like a Korma, but with some kick to it at the same time thanks to the Madras, what's not to love? And at roughly 7, depending on which meat you have it with, it's not going to break the bank either. Next time I'll be trying their Salmon Punjab Curry, which is marinated overnight according to the menu...

My one criticism though, is that they also offer pizzas. But although this gives the impression of lacking authenticity, the curries are so good that I'll forgive them.
Walking into Iman's you get a kind of fast foody feel to the place. Everything is clean, modern and easily wipeable for a quick turnover. Don't let this put you off though, the food here is excellent. Iman's is primarily a curry house but has other options if curry is not your preferred meal of choice. They do a good range of pizzas (about 4.50 for a 12" and 6.50/7.00 for a 16"), especially the meat bonanza. Also the grill serves some great meat, with steaks, chops, kebabs and Indian dishes all on offer.

The Indian food is great, they have a huge selection of starters, mains and sides. The menu can be a bit intimidating at first as there is so much food but it is all spread out into easily readable sections. The srarters are reasonably priced, and surprisingly filling, with my favourite being the ginger and cinnamon king prawns (3.95). The first time I came here I had the chicken reshmi kebab which was refreshingly not dried out and well spiced. The second time I opted for a curry and went for one of the specialities, which I would definitely recommend. The chilli garlic ((7.95) was really hot but brilliantly flavoured, definitely one of the better curries I've had in Edinburgh.

The service was friendly, all the staff seem very keen to accommodate you, but there seems to be a certain element of in and out going on. The place is great, but sometimes just seems a little bit too fast foody for my liking. But don't let this put you off, the food is really good and if you live around Newington definitely pop in.
There's not a whole lot to say about Imans. They don't know how to use an apostrophe, I can say that much. It's a great big new curry house in Newington whose full title is actually 'Imans grill - A taste of Punjab'.

Inside it's fairly tastefully decked out. The tables and chairs are a nice, understated dark wood, there's nothing crazy going out. It's the outside that gets me. The sign is an enormous what looks like leopard print, and it's got big banners everywhere. Just has the look and feel of a tacky place.

Onto the food, then. The selection here is enormous. They've all different types of curries to cater to all tastes. They even have a British section. Why the hell would you go to a curry house for an omelette? Who does that?! Anyway, the curry I had (Lamb Saag) was OK. Not terrible, but not mind blowing. Just OK. I reckon this place would be great to take a huge group to, it's bigger than the batcave.
I've been to the one in Bruntsfield as well as on Nicholson Street, and both have been excellent. Definitely a step up from other Indian restaurants, and the decor and atmosphere is inviting in addition to friendly staff. I've had Chicken Tikka Biryani, a specialty Punjabi dish (can't remember the name) as well as tasted others' meals and everything has been great. Also, it's BYOB which cuts down on the price of the bill and is a fun time to get together with friends. I'd recommend this place to anyone! Although I've been told it's not authentic, I've never been to India so I don't know what is. But it tastes good to me!
This is a brilliant restaurant that has only recently opened in Edinburgh's New Town. The food is some of the best Indian food I have tasted. The dcor is very nice and there are photos of India scattered around and every table has a small bunch of flowers on it. The prices are a bit higher than the average, but it is definitely worth it as the quality of the food is so good, fortunately it was my parents who footed the bill.
We started by ordering a couple of Papadums each, which were very crispy and they came with a large selection of sauces to complement them. I also got a large bottle of Kingfishers beer for 3. For the main course I had my favourite curry- chicken rogan josh, and the chicken was lovely and tender and the sauce was full of flavour. We also order naans for the meal and they weren't greasy at all, which you find in many other restaurants. My Dad is a curry veteran and has at least one a week and even he was full of praise for The Spice Pavilion. I am already looking forward to returning soon!
I hail from the Midlands which has some great curry houses, so I'm always a little apprehensive when dining in curry places elsewhere.  But a quick google search found the Spice Pavilion and I thought it was worth a try.

I believe the style is Kashmiri, and the food was really excellent.  We ate Garlic Chicken, Kathmandu Murgh (with lentils and garlic), and a Saag Aloo.  The Saag Aloo was the star dish, but all three were truly excellent.

The service was fine, although I was a little unsure about the way food is served from a trolley, but otherwise fine.  The ambience was relaxed and children appeared to be welcome in the early evening.

I wouldn't hesitate to return next time I'm in Edinburgh.
In the words of David K, 'NPWH (nice people work here).'

The friendly, pleasant matron of the house came and chatted with us after we stuffed our faces full of delightful Indian cuisine. It turns out that she's Italian (which led to our earlier confusion about why some white lady was running an Indian restaurant) but her husband (and chef) is Indian. Mystery solved!

At any rate, this is legit grub. It may be pricey (especially compared to the offerings one can find on Manchester's Curry Mile) but for being in Edinburgh, the ability to score real South Asian eats is a pleasant surprise. 

If you're into spicy food - be sure to give the vindaloo a try. The boy likes it -hot-, and Spice Pavilion's version certainly had my nose beading up with sweat.

Also lending to the traditional British Indian restaurant offerings, you'll find Cobra on draught. Be sure to have a pint or two on hand if you're choosing menu offerings heavy on the capsaicin. I guarantee you'll want a sip of something cold at hand to douse your tongue.

Considering the extensive selection of veg and non-veg courses featured in the densely-packed tome of a menu, it appears that I'll have plenty more to try upon future returns. Needless to say, I'm looking forward to the opportunity!
The place is headed very near George street in New Town.

We shared a couple of dishes and everything was great, all the stuff was also attentive.

The women who was in charge of the place(probably the owner) did a great job also, she really made us feel welcome.

My only concern is the decor, like some other places in Edinburgh its very simple decorated, clean with white walls, i think though this place could add a little more cozy touch, darker walls and soft lightning.
Spice Pavilion is a smart New Town Indian, where we received one of the warmest welcomes in the city. Seriously, the service was absolute gold, and the food wasn't far behind that standard, either. Well worth a visit.

Overall, we said: "I really enjoyed the whole restaurant experience in the Spice Pavilion. The service was just great, put you right at your ease, and allowed you to relax and enjoy your lunch at your leisure, in the smart surroundings. It was prompt and accurate, as well as being overwhelmingly welcoming. The food is fresh and flavour-packed, too, thereby ensuring that every aspect of our time in the place was a complete pleasure."
Went here for dinner on new years day, and even though they seemed very busy we were seated right away without a reservation.  We tried the pompadon which came with a great chutney tray, and a truly excellent saag paneer. The entrees (briyani, and chicken tika masala) were tasty, came in good portions, and were well cooked - overall a bit better than average. Service was a bit slow, but not truly bad untill we asked for the check. Our waiter started asking if we enjoyed the Hogmany/fireworks the previous evening, which we had, then proceeded to rant about how it was a waste of money that should go to starving children worldwide. The rest of the process was filled with huffing and dirty looks. I'm not insensitive to these problems, but getting lectured while I'm paying the bill really ruined an otherwise great evening with very good food.
Excellent service and food to match! And this coming from some BIG Indian food fans from Ireland. Would definitely recommend this place, particularly the tandoori sharing starter. Even the pilau rice was delicious!
Kebabish Original is a brand of restaurants that now scale the country a vast menu that includes kebabs, curries, burgers, salads and mixed grills. This means that however fussy one of your mates are, they are sure to find something that tickles their fancy.
From the outside Kebabish Original looks really trendy and modern with huge panel windows and inside this theme is continued and offers a really cool, trendy place to dine.
I came here with a few friends after a game of laser quest, which is just down the road and I ordered a kebab, as I thought this would be the safest bet as the name of the restaurant suggests this is their speciality. I was right and the kebab tasted fantastic, and there is no comparison between the greasy kebabs I have become used to from cheap takeaways to this well seasoned one. My friends weren't as complimentary about the food however, saying that their curries tasted greasy, so I would therefore say that if you do come here, that you go for the kebabs.
Having chomped down on various shish, doner and chicken tikka rolls from various Kebabish outlets over the years, I have to concur with El Tel's viewpoint that this place is excellent. As long as you stick to the kebabs.

And what kebabs they are. Stuck on a charcoal grill often right in front of you, the proper barbeque taste is nothing short of fantastic, the salad is fresh, and if you avoid the doner, a few of the grilled varieties probably aren't all that bad for your health either.

Having only tried a curry once, it wasn't at the same level, but the kebabs are what it's all about, what they want you to experience, so grumbling about that would be like going to Pizza Hut and complaining that the pasta is shite, which it is.

Fantastic for kebabs, and with their rapid expansion, a testament to good old free market economics.
It's funny how a place can get some things so right and others totally wrong. I once had a big argument with a friend about how a chicken kebab isn't actually that unhealthy - grilled chicken on a pitta bread, with salad. "Yeah but what about the garlic mayo and chilli sauce?" "Well yeah, but McDonald's don't put burger sauce on their calorie count, do they?" 1 - 0 Wallace.

Anyway, the kebabs in this place are excellent. Beautifully seasoned and genuinely tasty, and cooked on a charcoal grill. The salad is actually pretty good too, not just the usual chopped red cabbage (why do kebab shops think this is OK?). 

That said, the curries are no where near as good. My friend had a bhuna (obviously, we're Northern) and it had about half an inch of grease laminating the top. The actual curry tasted fine, but he had a slippery face afterwards. Go for the kebabs, nothing else.
What's this? Yet another review of something within spitting distance of your house Chris?! Quelle surprise!

Get over it. It's happening.

Sure enough, Kebabish is situated not two minutes from my house on Dalry Road, and if I wasn't spoiled enough already with the likes of Chop Chop and Sushiya a mere stone's throw away (amongst many other fine places), there's now another place to add to the list. That's right, Kebabish was surprisingly top notch.

We were met, seated and made our order with no fuss or bother and the food arrived pretty quickly too. Fun times!

So the food itself... my bud had the chicken wings for starters. They were amongst the finest chicken wings  I've ever had in a restaurant. Fact. I went for the quail (more for the novelty than anything) and for those who've not had quail... meh, it's alright I guess. This is purely down to a consequence of the meat itself and not the cooking or presentation of it - it was cooked well and has quite a satisfying meaty taste, there's just not much of it. I would have much rather had the wings...

For mains we both went for Karahis, I got the chicken and he got the lamb. Mine was better. For the uninitiated, a Karahi is a cooking pot which is used in the preparation of the dish - just so you know... (EDUCATIONAL REVIEWS!) The dishes themselves were mightily tasty with a nice mix of spice and flavour  - not bland and hot like many other curries, really quite delicate whilst potent. Oh hello ginger, thanks for that flavour explosion in my mouth! (I love ginger) - accompaniments in the form of rice and naan were satisfying but somewhat short of being noteworthy.

And hey, how could we not at least give mention to BYOB with no corkage. Simply brilliant.

The fly in the ointment and the reason for four stars in place of five? Well firstly the lamb in the Karahi was a little tough and (although still quite tasty) hadn't been cooked anywhere long enough to let it come close to being as good as the chicken. Secondly... 4.90 for two popadoms and dips?!  I even went and checked online to make sure we hadn't been jipped and true enough there it is plain as day... As someone who has frequented curry houses since youth I have never in my days seen that kind of disproportionate pricing. 

But hey, don't buy the pops and you're in for a treat.
Have been a few times.  Serivce good, staff friendly and nice atmosphere.  Food has been mostly good but a couple of duff dishes (the overcooked prawn in particular).  I'd still recommend it though even with the ocassional mistake.
Kebabish is the UK's biggest chain of Asian restaurants. Their dishes from the grill are first class. I didn't care much for the place, though, and the service was down right poor.

Overall, we said: "the food that I had at Kebabish was extremely good. The service and setting don't match it, at all. The frowner-in-chief should turn his attention away from glowering at his chefs and glower at his serving staff, instead. If that dead-eye stare has the same effect on them as is does on the kitchen staff, he'll address the place's real weaknesses, in no time."
We decided to visit Kebabish after a bunch of guys from my office had a team night - and mentioned it as a bit of a meat-fest.  Wow!  The first thing is the smell - grilling meats .... Mmmmmmm!  From its quite trendy decor to the very attentive staff it was super all round. I had the sheek kebab to start - 2 large, flavoursome and piping hot pieces of yumminess, and Husband had malai boti chicken - which was a lot of meat for a starter. Our waiter was very knowledgeable, as I had queried what was the hotter of two main dishes, and he suggested I order the North Indian Chilli Garlic lamb with great flavours but get it vindaloo hot. Husband had Lamb Jhalfrezi which was succulent and rich - he mentioned how tender the meat was. There's a mixed grill which sounds amazing (the boys at work had it) which is a huge pot of chops, steaks and other carnivorous delights.  Even better: it's a BYO with a Co-Op next door so three bottles of San Miguel for 6 was all we splashed for drinks. Service was brisk but not rushed and you see the chefs behind glass. Highly recommended hence 5*.
After hearing quite a bit about this place we finally decided to check it out.
It turns out it's a great establishment, you can't find such an array of grilled foods under one roof in Edinburgh as this place!
The food is rather spicy but it compliments the meat nicely.
Also the prices are very reasonable.
I recommend it :)
Damn.....

This place was amazing.  The Mixed grill was so good I almost cried.  The chicken wings were the best chicken wings I have ever had ever.  

Then I ordered lamb vindaloo and it was so tasty and so frigin spicy I actually did cry.

Well done.

Why is there no good Indian in America?
After passing by KO a gazillion times, finally had dinner at the place for a friend's farewell

Watching from the outside its brightly lit restaurant, we usually find it packed with people. We must have decided to drop in on an unusually quiet day. 

Service is slow, which is disappointing.

We had naan and tandoori chicken...  pretty decent.
As poor scholars, we thought the price was slightly out of a student's budget but overall, the portions was quite sizable.
Well priced with a decent range of dishes. Pretty swift service. The restaurant is a bit draughty though, as noted by earlier reviewers. Could also do with having the extractor fan in the gents fitted back into the plasterboard. A good place to go with a group of mates though so I'd be happy to make a return visit.
Oh dear, had a really poor meal here. Will never be back. The service was beyond poor and it took an hour for the food to arrive. When it finally came it was just fine - nothing to write home about - and I was completely underwhelmed. 

At one point we asked a waitress how much longer it would be for food. No joke, she shrugged her shoulders and said "I don't know" and that was it! She didn't apologise, check with the kitchen, ask us if we wanted another drink, anything. I burst out laughing at her behaviour and the guys on the table next to us started a chat about how long they'd been waiting too, haha. 

Was given a hokey excuse about the restaurant being understaffed at the end of the meal (after we tried to pay and had to wait another ten minutes), but honestly the food was expensive for what it was and experience very poor. Why bother going back again when so many other fantastic Indian restaurants in Edinburgh? 

Fail, Kebabish. FAIL.
I have only collected take away food from this restaurant so I can't comment on the serving experience. It's true that every few months I see new faces (assistant waitresses mainly), but the Indian/Pakistani guys seem regular to me. It's considered a busy place, very spacious and the customers' origins vary.  

Now, about the take away food. I've tried all their Biryani dishes and they're mouth watering!! If you live close by, it's better to grab the food and go home to enjoy it, as the price difference is considerable!! For example lamb biryani and peshwari naan bread for 10! A friend of mine tried a spicy lamb dish and he loved it (he's a curry expert with his friends trying different restaurant almost per month for years in Edinburgh). Their paratha bread is also great - lighter in the stomach compared to the naan bread! 

It's easy to give them a call and order the food. What I found unexpected is that you will get text promotions on your mobile phone every two months or so and there's no obvious option to unsubscribe. I never opted in, so they seem to take it for granted when you make a phone order, I do believe though if you give them a call they should be able to remove you from the list. 

Their punctuality is not the best when ordering take away: they don't check always how busy is the kitchen, and they mention fixed time 20 mins or so, but if you show up earlier, your order might be ready. 

Oh, and they accept card payments for less than 10 without any extra charge. 

Looking forward to trying more dishes and the thrill of the grill!!!
I really love the food here there are loads of veggie options and they all taste great.  If I order an indian takeaway I always call here. I've also been to 'eat in' several times over the last couple of years. Only drawback is that it's usually very quiet! I guess it's just that bit further out of the centre of town (just past Haymarket) than some folk want to travel. Shame as the food is just FAB.
Food quality and flavour: 5-stars!!! Service and environment 2 stars!! So what's the average? I'll be generous, 4 stars. 

Here it goes!

I remember a friend of mine trying out this restaurant with vouchers and highly recommended it. So I decided to try it out with another friend who has the taste card (two for one). He called them quite a few times on the phone but there was no reply. It was a surprise looking at their website: not updated since 2009? Really??? 

On the plus side their glorious menu is available at Just-eat, so you can certainly be interested from there (no, there is no direct link for their website to Just-eat). I saw a gentleman going out with bags for delivery, and I think some people came in for take-away. 

There we go, Friday evening after work, it's raining cats and dogs and we arrive at the restaurant. You can have a look at one of the Yelp pics: the titles on the windows look so old to me. 

The waiter is friendly, letting us choose a table far from the door and he brings us the menus immediately. As we review the very-detailed menu, I notice an ant walking on the salt jar!!! I start making mental notes about my Yelp review... 

My friend was more relaxed and removed the ant, and told me not to be harsh. Well, an hour later, we saw another ant walking on the wall behind my friend!! 

We ordered the food: Ceylon lamb and vegetarian Malayan, both having coconut, with the second one being sweet as it includes pineapple. We were both so pleased and delighted with the food, forcing ourselves to eat it slowly to enjoy more along with a tasty garlic naan bread. Our Mixed Pakora was also of great quality with a special sweet and hot sauce that made the difference!! My friend who has tried lots of Indian restaurants in Edinburgh found it astounding! 

However it was another gentleman now serving us, who has been in that restaurant for less than a year, as he told us. 

And we started noticing his difficulties waiting for the other tables: there were big delays for some of them from the time they ordered till they got the starters. A couple must have been waiting for at least 15-20 mins (the guy hadn't manage to take their order yet), and they decided to go... 

My advice: if you're a big curry fan, you need to try it!! If you value more the service than the food, you might want to think again. 

Personally, I'm planning going back to try more!!
I've only had takeaway from here but it is utterly lovely. The meal deal options are really very good value and you often get extras put in which is nice :)

Delivery is timely and service over the phone is good.
The tikka and passanda are particularly good.
My son and girlfriend went to this restaurant tonight.  They are not registered users of yelp and asked me to put in a good word for the Mumbai.  They had the  pasanda and the lamb rezala.  They said both were excellent.
I enjoyed my visit here. I placed my trust in the helpful waiter to choose what I ate, and was rewarded with two tasty courses. I'm not sure the place is capable of outstanding culinary fireworks, but it terms of reliable, fresh Indian dishes, I was very happy with the place.

Overall, we said: "I was really pleased with Mumbai Mansion. I feel that I could go there again, put my trust in the waiter's choices, and be served some more good dishes. If you're in the neighbourhood, I'd certainly say to you that it's worth stopping in to sample some of their high quality dishes."
A nice Saturday lunch with my husband to Mumbai Mansion.  We are here fairly frequently and this time it is with a "living social" discount voucher.  

I like the veggie & non spicy options they have on the menu but I was a bit disappointed that they could not accommodate my request to add paneer Indian cheese with my vegetable korma, even though I advised I was happy to pay the difference in cost.  

The staff are attentive and the food is very prompt and tasty.  The restaurant is spotlessly clean and well presented.  
A nice touch is the place mats that are done as the Calcutta new paper and you can sit and read their news articles which are humerus.  

A great local Indian restaurant which I will be back to soon no doubt.
The Prince Balti is out the way for me but it's worth the drive. The food and staff are great and it's a reasonably priced night out if you want to sit it.
They do deliver and once they've got your address you will always get a Christmas card. Their nan breads are huge, so take care.
This is a fantastic restaurant and as long as you are not eating on your own, the prices will be very reasonable too. From Sunday-Thursday, if you eat in the restaurant, they have a great offer where you can get a free meal basically. If you order one starter, you get the second free and this applies for mains and desserts too. When me and my friend came here, it actually worked out to be one of the cheapest curries that we have actually had when we divided the cost between us. 
In terms of the quality of the food, it hits all the right notes too and I found that the papadams were light and crispy and the chicken rogan josh that I ordered was full of flavour, with a good serving of sauce to compliment the tender chicken. The drink prices were however, a bit steep, my friend paying 1.20 for a can of coke, but I only have water with my curry so I didn't have fork this out fortunately. I will definitely be coming back and making use of this great offer soon.
Nom nom nom

I haven't eaten in this restaurant since my heady days working the Fringe oh *cough cough* years ago. This is the restaurant where I discovered chicken korai (a staple in my menu), and where memories and lasting friendships were fostered. Last night after a few cheeky beers along the promenade, I, with friends, retraced my steps to The Prince and tucked into another exemplary meal. Vegetable korai works almost as well as chicken korai, onion bhajis, naan, lemon rice... all tasted delicious and I rolled out with a bulbous belly, feeling all was right with the world. May your ascendancy to the throne long continue, prince.
This was my second visit after impressed the first time. Not disappointed. Nice, simple decor where food really stands out. Fairly reasonable price. Bindi gosht was excellent. This is currently my favourite Indian. Well worth a visit.
This place is great!

I'm not a local - I was in Edinburgh on holiday. I am a curry enthusiast though and I've eaten in on three separate continents. I decided that I would do a curry tour of Edinburgh - choose a different Indian joint every night and try to find the best cross between most flavorful and spiciest curry in the city.

What attracted me to this place was the advertisement that they serve the hottest curry available - something that puts even a vindaloo to shame. So I headed out to Portobello to check it out.

The atmosphere was very comfortable and inviting and the waitstaff extremely friendly. I got in and fund the prices decent enough, which is a perk, and ordered my Mixed Vegetable Fal "extra spicy" (as in more than it already is) with Rice and Chapati. The waiter asked several times if I knew what I was getting into, and then suggested I get a beer to go along with it.

Well... why not? So I did.

The food came out and it was very aesthetically pleasing, not to mention that invigorating aroma! I went ahead and tried it and - WOW - it was really flavorful.
But it wasn't really that spicy. 

You must understand that I eat spicy food WELL beyond that of most human beings. I eat foods that I've watched others cry to taste. I'm not being egotistical, I'm just being honest - I like to get Indian take-away back home and add habaneros AND ghost pepper hot sauce to it before I eat it. So, I sent the Fal back to make it even spicier.

It still could've been spicier, in my book, but it was vastly improved and so I decided not to be a pain. It was delicious as any meal could ever be and I'll look back on this meal fondly for a long time.
Finally...my peeps have made it to Las Vegas. Rani's World Foods is an Indian Grocery Store/Chaat Stand that can hold it's own against the mega stores in California and Texas. 

This store has an amazing array of Indian groceries, frozen foods, produce and to kick it up a notch, they even offer Chaat (Indian snacks) that are served up in their in-house kitchen. 

We had gone for their opening today and it was a zoo...way too many people and the lines to check out were 20/30 minutes long. But...I had to oppurtunity to peruse their aisles and these guys have everything an Indian cook/home may need or want. Pickles, multiple lentil varieties, exotic Indian vegetables, flour, spices...everything was perfectly laid out and easy to find. This store is definitely bigger than any other Indian store in Las Vegas. It's well-lit, well-organized and well-stocked. The trifecta. 

Bonus points to them for their frozen food selections which were not unnecessarily marked up in price - something that the other Indian grocery stores seem to be doing that I frown upon. Gopal's for example, crosses out the manufacturer's suggested price sticker and charges a dollar or two more. These guys don't (at least not yet). 

I haven't had a chance to taste their Chaat offerings as today was free food for all and so the lines were out of control. I hope to have a follow up report some time soon. 

An Indian store in Las Vegas that rivals Wal Mart. Wow...never thought I'd live to see this day :)
This was a little tricky to find, as I visited at night and their sign was not lit up.  Even during the day, I pass this all the time and have never seen it - it was only by the good grace of Yelp that I heard of Rani's at all.

This is a very clean, spacious and modern Indian market.  They are well-stocked with all of the usual things (spices, pulses, frozen foods, pickles, biscuits, etc).  Their produce section is inviting and well laid out with those little water sprayers above that keep the vegetables fresh.  

There's also a deli counter with hot snacks and sweets, attended by very sweet ladies who also prepare all the foods.  The veg pakoras were really nice, also the besan ka ladoo (a subtle sweet flavored by cashew, so yummy!).  

Finally, it was satisfying to see the modern cash register with its big screen where you can keep tabs on all of the prices as they ring up.  It irks me in other small markets where you just kind of have to trust the cashier to not make mistakes.  A big thank you to my fellow Yelpers for helping me find this great place!
The place is clean and very organized and it was nice to be able to find everything we needed easily...
They also have serve food...different types of chaat and other snacks as well as mithai....The lady running the food section  is extremely sweet and welcoming..we went to order bhel puri and she offered us pakoras from a fresh hot batch she had just fried. I should never go to the grocery store when hungry cause I ended up also ordering a samosa chat. The portions are huge and I was full after eating some of the bhel! Also, they have free tea which is great..
I was also impressed with their customer orientation...the guy at the cash register mentioned alternatives to some stuff we had bought. He even replaced a cauliflower we had chosen stating that it didn't look very good...
I will definitely go again even though its a distance from home.
First off, read my review for New India Market, which is in the next complex over. Now come back to Rani's World Foods. Yeah. The difference is ridiculous.

This store is much larger! Cleaner! The staff is much nicer! The selection of products is better! Most importantly, the pricing is always consistent!

The prices don't constantly change, and almost everything is clearly marked with a price tag. The price isn't up to the person at the cash register at that very moment. Everyone pays the same price.

Also, they have fresh food as well, and it is amazing!! 

Plenty of shopping carts, so you can load up on all your Indian groceries, produce and whatnots. You'll be on your merry way in no time at all.

Great selection of Indian prayer items, teas, spices, pots, pans and the like. Also, if you like marmite, vegemite or any of that stuff....you can get it here.

Hop to it!
What is a better way to shop than drinking free tea?

Don't sit here and read my review, do yourself the favor of jumping in the car and going over there to see what it's all about.

The people that run the store (sorry I forgot the guys name) and the mom/grandmom esk Indian woman in the back cooking Samosas just totally embody what we are all looking for when we walk into a place for the first time. Try this, taste that, have a cup of tea dear.

Bring your friends, bring your family, grab a cart and go on an excursion. Take your time, this place is sweet and so are the people running it.
My knowledge of Indian foods is unfortunatly minimal, I have to confess. But, i've been wanting to learn more, getting a few cookbooks and familiar with things I want to try. A -total- novice; but with Rani's World Foods, i'm -well- on my way to being an expert!

Yes, this place is CLEAN, bright, inviting and OMG...When you walk into the front doors, the intoxicating smell of exotic spices and deliciousness just hit you like a brick wall! I was in love! The spice selection totally floored me, I mean...I'd only read about asfodita, and now I know where to buy it! 

I want to be a bit different than all the other glowing posts Rani's has here, all about the food. (which is wonderful) But, all about the really unique hair products! I never knew there was such a thing as jasmine hair oil, untill seeing the vast selection at Rani's. These oils are mainly coconut-based, with jasmine extract for gorgeous fragrance. Some will have other natural ingredients for added benefits. I picked out 2, one was specifically for color-treated hair like I possess. After using my blow-dryer to style my hair, I use a small amount of this in my palm, and glide it down the hair shaft. The results are FANTASTIC, with the best part is it's -not- greasy! I was expecting my hair to look limp and nasty as the day went on, but it stays soft and shiny all day. Plus, it's VERY inexpensive to boot. The small bottle? $2.50. The large bottle, for color-treated hair? $6.00. I'm sold on this stuff!
We recently fell into an affair with Indian food. If they cook it, we have/will eaten/eat there! It led to a search of cookbooks with many spices I had no clue where to find locally. A little search on Yelp popped up this little gem that meets both my eating and cooking wants! 

The BF and I ate at the food booth in the back and shared a  vegetarian thali (comes with 2 dishes-among several choices, dal, rice, pickles, 2 bread:$5.99), samosa chat (I believe $3.99) and a paneer stuffed paratha w/ yogurt ($2.99). It was plenty of food for two and all very nice. I am a big fan of the samosa chat here though. The chutneys were fresh and vibrant and kept me going for more. There is a water cooler and a hot tea dispenser that is complimentary but there is also various drinks in the fridge area. If you're in the area and want a tasty snack or a nice veggie meal, definitely drop in. 

Grocery side has everything we were looking for! They have also some more common spices that I decided to get here as the prices are really good. For example, I almost bought a $6 jar of cinnamon sticks at the grocery and it's $1.99 for the same amount here. A nice sized jar of spices start are mostly about $1.99 with the harder to find spices like green cardamom pods are around $4, very few are over that. For those who need spices in mass quantities, they have huge value bags as well and they seem to be a better deal than buying at Sams/Costco. I also hoped I can find some fresh herbs and they indeed had fresh curry leaves and fresh fenugreek. If you're not into the cooking stuff, there are plenty of tasty and interesting looking snacks and prepared packs of food. We bought a few heat and eat packets and some were good and some not. I suppose it's hit and miss, but hey, it's packet food and isn't anything like the fresh. 

Eat, cook and be merry!
My husband and I drove by Rani's a couple weeks ago and he said, "International Market? That looks interesting."  So I made a note to check it out on Yelp later.  After reading the reviews I channeled Liz Lemon and exclaimed, "$6 vegetarian Indian food? I want to go to there!"

So that is how we wound up at Rani's.  I immediately went to the counter and ordered a thali and paneer paratha (I'm a sucker for paneer), and the cute lil lady behind the counter proceeded to give me an Indian sweet to have while I waited.  She brought out our thali, which consisted of 2 roti, rice, dal, pickles, okra, an aloo-gobi-type yumminess, and I believe kofta (veggie dumplings).  The cute lil lady was feeling generous and also gave us a tomato soup with paneer in it.  Definite bonus points.

Everything was fantastic, although I was expecting a little more paneer flavor to my paratha.  This place is very casual, which I really like about it.  Don't come in expecting the same food that you would get at a sit-down Indian restaurant; instead, expect the kind of food you would get if you were invited to a grandma's kitchen.

After we filled our bellies, we wandered through the aisles of the immaculately clean grocery store.  I hadn't planned on buying anything, but when I found garam masala for super cheap, and black salt that I had been looking for everywhere and couldn't find, and a giant bag of arrowroot powder for a couple bucks (normally $6-$12 for a tiny jar anywhere else)....well you get the picture.  Anything you would need for a well-stocked Indian pantry is here, and then some.    There's also mint and tamarind sauces, bottled lassis, naan, and huge blocks of paneer.  Trust me when I say I seriously considered buying all the above to snack on at home.

I considered giving this place 4 stars, because we went back a couple days later and the food was cold and missing that extra special love like we had the first time.  But it was a Friday evening and there was an Indian soap opera on the TV I think we interrupted....So, obviously, I can't blame them.
The store:
Stumbled onto this place while I was in Vegas for a month. 
Has a great selection of Indian spices, groceries et al. Name it and I think they have it.
Was very very impressed with their well maintained space and selection.

The cafe:
Aaah... don't you miss the parathas. Great aloo and gobi parathas. I am a fan.
The lady behind the counter here, very warm and welcoming, very reminiscent of grandma..will tell you all that's laid out is home-made and lovingly made.
It sure does taste good. 
Don't forget to wrap up a selection of sweets. The kala jamun is yummmm! 
The pickles are great too.

Don't let the unassuming outer appearance fool you. It is a great place to stumble upon.
Love the food and service!   One of the Cleaner Indian grocery shops I've been to, clean deli.  The food in their Deli is excellent, you can taste the freshness.  Even the Chana(chickpeas) are fresh and not canned.  And on top of it they have a great selection of Indian and British groceries...
WOW. I read the reviews and decided to check it out. This place is so cool! Amazing selection of Indian goods, especially sauce mixes. The food counter... OMG. Tried the paneer and the basmati rice. The rice was better than a number of the sit down Indian restaurants I've been to and the paneer had a great texture and flavor. The price was WAY better too. The little cart of kulfi was also wonderful. A complete meal for half of what I would pay at a regular restaurant. Yay!!!
Food Counter Review:
Thali Price Alert! Thali Price Alert!

The Thali is no longer $5.99.  It is $7.99.  There has been a $2 increase.  So I told my whole team that it was only $5.99 for a plate of vegetarian ethnic yumminess, based on the Yelp reviews.  When we arrived, I noticed that the where it was supposed to be $5.99, it was covered with a piece of paper with $7.99 written on it.
Boo, I gave false information to my whole team :(

Nonetheless, we all had Thali.  The sweet little lady took precious time (a bit slow for our liking since we had to get back to work) to prepare each tray with whatever she want to put on it.  My tray consisted of the following:
-mashed spinach: doesn't look appetizing, but tasted ok.  I only ate a few bites of this.
-eggplant curry:  was delicious and tasty.  I finished this.
-squash something:  I finished this too.  It was very refreshing.
-tofu something:  was decent, but not as flavorful.  There were three cubes of tofu in this compartment.
-basmati rice with peas-the rice taste good.
-purple onion slices with spicy mango sauce: this was supposed to be the pickle veg on the menu.  Well, it doesn't really taste like it would sound.  We all thought the sauce tasted like pinesol.  We didn't touch this on our tray.
-roti: tasted like tortilla.  I should have asked for paratha.

The milk tea and purified water was complimentary.
I give this a 4 star.

Grocery Store Review:
My co-worker picked up a bag of naan and a bottle of lychee drink from the grocery side.  When she was about to pay for it and flipped over the bag of naan, those visible naans were moldy blue in color.  The guy that was about to ring it up took it and throw it away.  People, make sure you inspect the goods before making a purchase.  Sometimes, we tend to not look at it until we are about to enjoy the food.
I give this a 3 star.

Overall: 3.5 star place
Decided to go for Lunch at Rani's after reading all the five star reviews at Yelp. 
The food was great,  as good as home cooked Indian food, great customer service.
I've been eying this place for a while, since I don't live too far from here. The rainbow on the sign always catches my eye when I drive by because I love rainbows!I Situated in  a corner in a Strip Mall,this store looks smallish from the outside. When I walked in I was genuinely surprised: this place is a LEGIT grocery store! They even have a fresh produce section, which I really wasn't expecting. 

I came here looking for some Garam Masala for the Chicken Makhani dish a Pakistani friend of mine said I must cook. I couldn't find this spice at my normal haunts, so upon recommendation from the guys at Trader Joes I went to Rani's. I found a plethora of ethnic spices, and the garam masala was easy to locate. I even got some Pineapple jam, which I'm excited about trying.

The customer service wasn't all too friendly, and when I paid for my items, the lady intentionally did not give me the coin part of my change (perhaps that was her tip?). OK, so it was only a few pennies, but it really tripped me out the way she didn't even attempt to give me the change. She only handed me the dollars and then walked away. Well OK, Ms. Thang!

Anyway, if you're searching for hard to find ethnic spices from all over the world, then I recommend coming here. Maybe I'll come back and try the lunch counter next time.
You're now reading a review of Rani's by the DUKE of Rani's.   Yes, the long road to Dukedom was finally achieved today with my...... 2nd check in?   HOW DID Y'ALL LET THIS HAPPEN?   Okay maybe not everyone else is glued to their iPhone as much as I am to try to check-in as often, but still.

First and 2nd visit I got the Thali.  Both times the service was extremely pleasant, though this 2nd time the woman working the counter sort of forgot about my order and served the next party first.  Wasn't too big of a deal and she seemed apologetic.  

I love the ordering/checkout process, as both times it evolved into some sort of old school bartering system, always in my favor.  Me:  "I'll take a smart water too"   (grabs $1.39 bottle from the fridge)   Her:  "Just give me a dollar"   Deal.    Almost convinced that if I wandered in there with nothing but 75 cents to my name, I'd somehow walk out with a full stomach.    Don't try this kids! 

Onto the food.   I have no idea what the proper names are of what I ate either time.   The first time I just waited for the woman (Rani?) to make my plate, and then I devoured most of it.   Didn't care for the onions as I noticed someone else mention, and I also had some cold chickpea dish that day that wasnt appeasing to me.  Everything else (Rice, Dal, Roti, some tofu thing) was delicious.

This time another woman (not Rani?) actually showed me all the different options for the Thali.   I heard her mention buttermilk and cheese in a few of them so I simply requested that I not have anything with milk or cheese and she happily obliged.  I ended up with a dish with chickpeas, one with red beans, an eggplant one, the rice, and those onions (grrrrr) and some sort of hot pickle/pepper thing.   Loved it all except the onions

Now go beat me for this Duke title.  I don't deserve it with only 2 visits!
I had Rani's bookmarked FOREVER, and I finally made it down here to actually do some grocery shopping. Well, my mom did some grocery shopping. I kinda fail at the learning to cook my ethnic food. But enough of that! I went and met Rani and she's awesome!! She reminds me basically of every single Indian grandma. They stuff you full of food to show their affection. My only qualm is that the food isn't next level spicy. When I want to eat chaat, I wanna feel like my intestinal lining is being seared off. But hey, I know she's catering to both Indian and non-Indian palates, so I'll let it slide. But this is a great place to come when I'm missing some homemade food.
Great vegetarian food with excellent spices.  This is owned by a local family. Very polite and friendly place.
By no means will Rani be the first place I think of for Indian cuisine. The plates have a decent variety of dishes, but nothing spectacular. Today's thali platter consisted of a saag, lentils, and a paneer dish with onions, rice, and pickles. I enjoyed the saag because of the hints of ginger, but the other items were mediocre. I ended up dabbing my bread off with napkins before bites due to how much oil was on them. Everything else was forgettable though. The vegetable samosas were delicious. They were predominantly potatoes with peas. The chutneys were refreshing and flavorful. Dipping these golden pockets in the sauce made for good eats. The mango lassi was the other highlight of the meal. It was not too sweet and had a robust taste ripe mangoes.
This place is great. I didn't realize there was a food stand inside, but glad I found out. This is right next to Zia Records and they sell all types of indian spices you usually can't find anywhere else. 

The lady behind the food counter is very nice and after 1 visit they recognized me and even knew what I liked to eat. The food is all made fresh and has the home feel taste to it. This place is better than most restaurants out there and much cheaper too. We bought a large sized portion of the beans and it lasted for 3 days. They also provide free tea which usually cost $2 in restaurants.

The good thing is it's very close to Mt. Everest, our favorite indian restaurant, if you wanted to eat out. 

9/10 good, friendly service.
Loved it this is one of the nicest Indian markets I have been to.  I will be shopping here regularly!  There are even size choices on bags of flour and rice, back home there was only one size...  Clean and bright!!!  Fresh Mehindi is in the fridge here as well!!!!
Third time, for the $7.99 thali TO GO.   Also ordered 2 veggie samosas.  Guess what, no onions this time!  One of the best Indian meals I've ever had, no joke, all from the comfort of my office and for $12 or so with the samosas and a giant bottle of smart water.

Seemed like I got a lot more food when getting it to go as well.   Interesting development.    Seriously I'm blown away right now.  4 huge heapings of dal, curries, and veggies and a gigantic portion of rice for $7.99.  The stretch of Sahara between Samosa Factory, Rani's and Mt Everest is all I need in my life.
Homey feel so tasty home-style food, which is good on stomach.
Since it's homey style,  if you go later in the night, they will just reheat and serve.

Had tried the food 3 times in our recent trip to vegas.
Dhahi vadai is not thayir vadai. It was terrible. keep doing north indian foods only. south indian is not your strength. if you want a good thayir vadai, fly to SFO. there are plenty of south indian food here.:)

Other than that their paratha's and thali are good. bhel is also good.

Old lady is like your grandma. mostly a nice lady, but speaks one indian language only. so if you dont speak that language, you are at mercy with her english.
we had an altercation with her, because she couldn't understand our english. though 
it got cleared, she was still upset and started being erratic to us. so we were little upset.

i could have gone there again, but one of our friend referred India masala in rivera. which was convenient and good.
5 stars because every time I come in here to satisfy my gulab jamun craving, the owners are extremely friendly.  I like to buy my chutneys and lentils here, as well as some frozen veggies.  But the one thing I am never without from this place are the fresh roasted peanuts in their produce section.  I don't know what makes them so addicting, but you really must try them!  OMG!!  Everyone I offer them to wants to know where I buy them.  I'm not a fan of their hot food section....maybe it was because the one time I tried it, it was near closing and everything just seemed old and dried out.  Plus, it looked a bit dirty.  Maybe I will try again when things are fresher earlier in the day.  But this is a fun place to discover new spices and sauces.
If you have ever been to India's Sweets and Spices in Southern California, then you will feel right at home here.

This is a terrific Indian Market that also includes fresh produce for sale. It is the one place in town where I know I can find real fresh Bitter Melon!

They also have a wonderful restaurant in the store where if you don't know what it is - you can simply point to what loks good to you. As far as raw goes - not much in that arena in Indian cooking, but if you are okay with traditional Indian Vegetarian fare - THIS is THE spot for it in Las Vegas.  They always offer free chai tea and the woman chef who runs the place could not have been nicer. What a great smile. And you know... that smile gets translated into the food.
Love Rani's!
The reason for the trip to Rani's was that a friend who lived nearby was looking for some special seasonings for a special dish to prepare. I decided I wouldn't mind going on a field trip and possibly discover some treats that were new to me. Neither one of us had lunch yet and were delighted to find that they had a little restaurant inside! Yay! A 2 in 1! 

Seeing that it was a new store to the both of us and how we LOVE to peruse international markets for hidden gems we combed the place. No aisle was overlooked. No shelf was neglected. We searched high and low for any and everything. He found the spices that he was looking for. The shelves were well stocked and the place was nice and clean. The place is obviously cared for in that respect. I did notice that things were higher priced here compared to what I have seen in other international markets around town. That was a bit of a disappointment. 

By the time we were all set to purchase there was no one at the cash register. We looked around and only saw other customers doing their shopping. We saw the bell by the register area and rang it once. The cashier came quickly and rang us up. She didn't greet. She didn't say anything actually. She just held out her hand for the money and practically threw the change at my friend. I thought it was quite rude. We tried to ignore it as we were plenty hungry by this time and wanted to get down to the grub!

We made our way to the "restaurant" area. There was already a few people in line. We got in behind them as we tried to decide what we would order. The food that finally came to them did not look appetizing. Everything looked like leftovers just slopped on picnic-ware. It seemed to be taking an extraordinary amount of time for preheated food to be served. We decided to go across the street to find some lunch. I won't be returning to this place. 

With the overpriced groceries and poor service, it is enough to keep me away.
Compared to a typical Indian grocery store, This place is very clean and organized. All the isles are properly marked and doesn't smell like a Temple(mixed smell of about 5 mil incense sticks)

Kitchen looks very clean and some great items on the menu with close to homemade taste. Their inhouse sweets are just ok but they are fresh, not frozen for a week shipped from NY or Chcago.

My only issue here is service. The lady at the front cash register is so rude, I don't even go inside the store because if her. Absolutely no greeting, no smile and if you ask her a question, lets just say you'll regret it.

EDIT: Service has somewhat improved and I feel the review should be changed a bit. Changing from 1 start to 3 till my next visit. Keep up the good work.

Anyways, here are my very accurate ratings

Cleanliness 9.5/10
Organized 9/10
Variety 8.5/10
Food/Kitchen 7/10
Service 5/10
Location/Parking 7/10
I thought this place was kind of hard to find as most places on Sahara are for some reason. I went here specifically to buy some Vatika Oil for my hair. The product itself was not hard to find at all since all of the hair products are literally the aisle right behind the register when you walk into the store. They're always fully stocked and the clerks are nice. Rani's was my first visit to an international food market so I was a little nervous that nobody would speak English for some reason (perhaps an ignorant assumption), but I've had good experiences here. I thought that Las Vegas would not have an international food market and I would have to go online to buy my Vatika oil but I did not. I'm very pleased. I would call this a hidden gem. Probably not as big as some stores you'd find in NYC but I don't think that would be a fair comparison.
The first person you see as you walk in, is this lady cashier, who seems miffed She does not greet you or say hello and when you get past her, you notice an older man  and he is also miffed. Then you realize this man is the owner, who has set the trend and tone for this place. Every one in this place looks like they just woke up and no one has a smile and all they they have a demeanor of personnel in a funeral parlor. The older man serves the food and then when you are ready to check out, the same man is at the cash register. It is obvious that they are oblivious to the health department regulations or they just don't care.  

Couple of helpers (a man and woman) who are toiling and tormenting in the kitchen, seems to be taken advantage of their servitude and they are clearly overworked-and it shows.The old man walks around like he is pissed off at something and In fact, everyone seems to be pissed off. Also the same lady who did not greet you will take your money like she is a gestapo agent and you have to watch the bill closely, since she does some tricks with the prices that surly does not match the price on the grocery as mentioned in the reviews before. I also agree with one reviewer who spent $200 and had to change a $20 note for three cents change!

in fairness the food is decent, but they buy salt from Morton's-wholesale?. If I want good Indian food I would go to the newly opened India Masala buffet on East Flamingo with both North and South Indian food-and over 40 items- for the same price these zombies are charging and you can gulp it down with a glass of red wine and not have the "tension" and unwelcome attitude as here. 

As far the groceries I noted fungus on the pita breads, when I brought it to the attention of the old man, he shrugged it off and put it right back in the bin. I had to buy it and throw it away than risk someone get sick. This alone is a reason not to shop at this place. They want to make money and they don't care if you get sick with a fungus and drop dead.

A man is judged by how he treats his own countrymen, by that standard, this is a scum of the earth cheapskate who should not be in hospitality business. One has to be devoid of any self respect and desperate to shop here. since you and your money is parted not with a smile-but by a stern looking Svengali. I would not eat or shop here even if this was the only place in town...
Not sure why many of the posters give it a low rating.  I loved the store, the people and the fresh food.  The free chai didn't spoil the fun either.  

Check it out folks.  But don't expect white glove service.  After all it is an Indian Grocery Store.

However, I thought it was a great place compared to other Indian stores here and in other cities.

Tip: in the back, do ask them for what's fresh off the kitchen and try it.  If they have "mirchi-bajji" fresh, it is a must have with the free chai ;-)
The food here is amazing. Just like grandma would make it in India! Paranthas are really good. This place is neat and clean. Simple food cooked home style!
I usually stop by the kitchen area and get the Thali to go.

Last time I went, I forgot to tell the person putting the food on my tray that I wanted it to go until she had already put the rice and 1 item on a tray. She said "I would have put it in containers if you had told me earlier" and she just continued to put it onto the flat tray. She then foil wrapped the tray but I had to do my 20 minute drive home making sure to take corners slowly. 

The bottom line is that the staff need to take a little extra time to do things properly. At no time should a server say in essence "I would have done things properly but......"

They seem a little understaffed and the staff appear to be a bit undertrained.

Overall, I still like coming here because they have a good variety of Indian groceries and the food is good but customer service definitely needs to improve.
The food you get is closest to mom/home cooked Indian food. 5 stars for food. The complementary Tea could be better.
My friend is a die hard Rani's fan, so he dragged me from my strip hotel so we could eat Pani Puri and Chaat at this hole in the wall restaurant tucked away in the back of an Indian grocery store.  The store itself seemed a bit disorganized and the staff not super friendly (not like I expected great service though), but the food was delicious. 

We started with the papdi chaat which was delicious.  One thing I noted with this dish which is different than most papdi chaat dishes I've eaten in the past is that the papdi was extremely crispy as though they made these just for our order.  The pani puri was     also delicious and the chutneys are amazing. If you're in Vegas and want to get away from the strip and try some local (non-hotel) food, check out Rani's.
I like Rani's.  I've only been there once, but I will be going back.  (Soon, actually, I'm running low on tea.)

We had heard about Rani's from a friend who is big into international food.  I LOVE Indian food, and Indian culture, so going to this store has been on the list for a while.

One day, I decided that I needed to find Dabur Amla oil for my hair.  I used to use it back home in Chicago, and it REALLY helped me with a number of issues I had with my hair. (Detangling, for one.) 

I called Rani's and the gentlman on the phone was very polite and helpful. 

We went in and I found the oil right away, and they had a HUGE selection of it too!
We looked around at the groceries, and I was pretty impressed.  They have a really good selection of spices, AND teas... They have HUGE boxes of PG Tips, which is my tea of choice.  I used to get it at Fresh and Easy, but then I tried the International Market over on Decatur, which was cheaper.  Well...Rani's has it cheaper than that.  

They also have Bollywood DVDs for 99 cents!!!!  I'm going to have to brush up on my Bollywood cinema and pick up a few.  I used to buy and rent Bollywood movies all the time back home, honestly, being in Rani's brought me back a bit.  

I found and bought a little bottle of lychee juice, something I hadn't been able to find in the almost 10 years i've lived here.  

We also tried a samosa from the kitchen, and the free chai.  
Both were REALLY good. :D  

I can't wait to go back. :D
This gastro-gem instantly connects me with my former lifetime(s) in India. Rani dishes up some sumptuous home-style food at the back counter, with the love of a dotting grandmother. The tangy and fresh chutneys accompany her rich and flavorful veg-fare perfectly. Her pakoras are a hearty treat, and one of the few deep fried foods I'll indulge in, because how can you say no to your adopted Indian grandmother? The rest of the store is a delectable journey through spice, I can easily lose track of earthly time here. To my less-traveled western epicurians, know this is not like the International Isle at Whole Foods. Expect ; Hindi TV, ghee-scented air, tables sticky with Chai resin, and dusty nag champa boxes to abound. All part of the authenticity and love that is Rani World. I  recently read that India does irradiate their spices like we do in the West, so buying Indian spice products are both cost/health effective, but do check expiration dates.  My staples from these illustrious isles include; star anise, tumeric, chana besana flour, rose water, peppered pampadams, yellow split-mung beans, aspativa, basmati rice, mustard seed, cinnamon bark, ghee and the beauty of fresh curry leaves from the produce section.
I love love love Indian food and this place is the best place in town to vegetarian variety. I actually grew up not to far from this grocery/cafe but I never knew until a recent trip to the adjacent Zia Records that the market also sold food and boy do I wish I could kick myself and go back in time lol the food is so flavorful and I recommend the Potato parartha and pretty much anything else on the menu, I can't stress enough how fantastic the food is!
Update!
I went back here about two weeks ago to pick up a BIG box of tea...they were closed.  
So, my friend and I were going to get back in the car to go kill time till they opened.

The older woman who runs the kitchen knocked on the glass and motioned for us to come in.  She opened an hour early for us. 

THAT is grade A service.  The young lady who rang us up commented about me making "a cup" of tea in a joking manner, so we joked a little, but then I said how PG Tips is my favorite, and she AND the older woman made conversation with me about how its their favorite too.

So personable, and spectacular!  :)
I cant speak highly enough about this food store! I discovered this place when my boyfriend's sister moved in. Apparently they have a location in California she frequented. 

#1 Buy: Spicy Cashews. They are absolutely amazing! If you like nuts (I sure do) and anything spicy, you will absolutely love these things. 

#2 Lentils: The most affordable place I have found to buy them in town 

#3 Indian Spices: If you are learning how to make indian food, this is a great place to buy prepackaged spices that make making curries as easy as making hamburger helper. 

The staff here is very friendly and helpful. I personally wouldn't buy my produce here, some of it looks kind of old... Everything else is wonderful and affordable.
They carry henna and amla products for coloring the hair naturally. Although I felt like they watched me the first couple of times I came in, they are always friendly and answer questions if you ask.
The smell of the spices through the store is delicious. The owner runs the kitchen and let us taste everything. It was delicious. We ended up eating lunch there. Will be back for more.
The food seemed overly salty and lacking in spiciness  I had the thale, and I thought the potatoes in the aloo metha were a bit under cooked.  The food was also a bit watery.
I wanted vegan, and the staff made some suggestions which I took. Very tasty. Very helpful and friendly staff too. Unfortunately
(For me), I wouldn't know how to order SE
Asian vegan dishes, so I have to ask for suggestions. But the suggested dish(es) were tasty and varied. The staff helpful and friendly, and other diners friendly as well. 
This is a no frills section of a supermarket with maybe 6 small tables. Free chai tea, and I was stuffed for under $9.
I adore this charming little store + food spot! Not only can I find a lot of ethnic items here, but the food is amazing! You can taste the home cooked love that goes into each dish. It's Indian food at its best and you can't beat the prices!
Love this place. The food is delicious and very fresh. I took my meat eating husband and he loved it! I am a part time meat eater who loves vegetarian dishes and this is the place to go if you love food with spice. I really could eat about a dozen of the veggie samosas. The mint chutney is delicious and I will be back for more Roti and Aloo. I love spices and Rani has plenty. So for all you cooking folks, this is the place. I've been to their Houston, TX location and now Las Vegas. Next stop California and I've yet to be disappointed.
Went back for more Veggie Samosas they were so good, hot and crispy. I am in love with the Mint Chutney!
First and foremost it's an Indian grocery store and everything about it is super Indian in every way. Rani, the owner is as Indian as one can get and she's a delightful character,  just don't expect American customer service from her or her staff. Groceries are plenty and diverse, and her food is authentic and delish. The free chai is hard to beat, I love it, it reminds of the scene back home :-)
I just came back from India and kept craving real Indian food. I found it at Rani's! Paneer, samosas, barfi all were real good and authentic. The prices are also almost like in India lol. Their selection of spices and dahlia is also very impressive. This is my favorite store now, forget the Whole Foods!
When we went to Vegas, we had planned on daily trips driving to places around Vegas. And so we wanted a place where we could get food on the go and start with our drive. Came across Rani's World foods with a Google search and it couldn't have been any better!! We didn't shop at the grocery store but the food and service at the kitchen was so good and the cost reasonable that we decided to stop by and get our food for the next 4 days and even for dinner! 
The lady in the kitchen, Rani, is the best!!! Highly recommended.
Where else can you get two aisles devoted to lentils, a cricket bat, and get a good lunch and drink for under $10? Not too many places is the answer. This place, fortunately, is one of them.

A slice of Indian food groceries and a bit of English tea, and a competent lunch counter add up to a delightful little place to shop.

And sit and watch the videos while you're at it. Order two samosa's ( which are generously sized ) and maybe a smattering of Veggie Pakora and top it off with the free chai tea. Then sit down at their rickety tables and get transported to a strange little piece of Indian culture in the form of crazy, whacky Indian pop culture dance videos. That alone is worth the trip!

I can't speak of anybody else, but my politeness was met with politeness and the counter girl is a charmer. The old lady everyone talks of went grin for grin with me, so I'm calling that a win.

Bottom line is that it is an experience and a great place to stockpile Indian food supplies. So go eat, shop, and watch the videos! And since you get away so cheap, don't forget to tip.
Great Parathas. A little pricey. The service could be better. But, going into an Indian fast-food place, I had a very low expectation. The place wasn't so clean, but oh well. The food made up for it. We went back three times during our 6 days trip to Vegas.
I like the Authentic homemade Indian food and Free Indian tea here. Also I like to buy fresh okra and super sweet yellow mango.
Stopped here to pickup snacks on our way to CA. The store carries almost everything desired from a super Indian grocery store - Snacks, staples, vegetables, fruits and exotic items. The great surprise was their mini restaurant, that offered wide collection of sweets and snacks. I highly recommend their Thali. It is closest to the home cooked (North) Indian meal I had in the US. I live in NYC, so that's a major compliment! 

Visit this place with huge bags and empty stomach, and carry out as much as your body, bags and car can carry.
If you love Indian Food you will love this place.  Its a brand new restaurant that everyone should try.  Its in a beautiful building with an amazing menu.

I had the Tandoor Chicken Wings, Reshmi Kabob, and some cheese naan.  It was all amazing.  It was spicy but not over powering.  It was like my taste buds went to disneyland and didnt want to come back

My friend from india was also with me and she was glad to finally find an authentic Indian food restaurant in the north west part of town.

So if you want to take you taste buds to disneyland too give Saffron a try
Long time lurker on yelp but finally writing my first review on a well deserving place.

Beautifully decorated restaurant and very accommodating staff. The owner Raj recommended the Chicken Pakora appetizer for our 2 year old son since he can't handle anything spicy. It was so tasty that I had to refrain from eating his dinner. We ordered the Lamb Vindaloo and Chicken Madras both extra spicy. Both entrees were fantastic but the Chicken Madras was the winner of the two and will be our staple dish every time we visit. The Garlic and Cheese Naan were a must to mop up every last drop of our entrees.

They do have a lunch buffet which I look forward to trying many of their offerings. But I can see having dinner here on a regular basis. This is by far the best Indian restaurant in town.
Really great place. We had dinner there tonight and sadly had the place to ourselves. However, unlike a lot of places that just seem to "give up" when they don't have a lot of business on a particular night, the staff at Saffron seemed to be working extra hard for our approval! Our hostess/waitress was very friendly and accommodating, ensuring that we had everything we needed without hovering.
 The food was absolutely excellent as well. My husband had a lamb dish, which he ordered medium spicy, while I had the mattar paneer at no spice. Both of ours was delicious and seasoned perfectly. They don't seem to fall into the trap that "more spice = more flavor" that I have encountered at some places where a "5" actually equals "nuclear reactor in your mouth hot."  Now that I know they have a fine hand at spices, I may actually order a little heat next time!
 We also got the cheese naan, which I HIGHLY recommend! Tender, filled with just enough cheese to add flavor and texture without making it greasy. 
Their menu is just long enough to give you lots of options but not so long that it's overwhelming. It has a huge vegetarian section, with lots of choices for even the pickiest eater. 
 Long story short, we will be back! Hopefully next time it will be full to the rafters busy!
I do not like Indian food. That is, until I tried this place.  They changed my mind about the cuisine and I'm thankful for that!  Since this place is literally around the corner, I finally decided to give it a try one night while having nowhere else to go for dinner.  We walked in to a smoky restaurant, more than likely from the kitchen in the back.  It smells like spices in the air, which was a nice change from the exhaust smell outside.

Their food is light, flavorful, and despite the small plates it comes on, the portions are deceivingly huge.  Their naan is beautiful, especially the garlic naan, which stole my heart and my stomach.  After several great dishes, from their chicken pakora appetizer -- crispy, light, and so darn good -- to beef kabob and chicken curry, the experience was an eye opener and a life changer for me.  

I'm a fan of Indian food now, so long as I eat here and only here for the cuisine.  You must try it!
This is the best Indian food I've had in Las Vegas to date. I'm so glad I found this place so close to home. My GF usually doesn't like Indian cuisine but this place was an exception. 

Order was: 
Chicken Tikka Boti 
Garlic Naan 
Cheese Naan 
Chicken Korma 
Lamb Kabob 
Tandoori Chicken Wings 

The Chicken Tikka Boti was my GF's favorite out of all these dishes. Mine was the Chicken Korma at level 5 spiciness, makes my mouth water just thinking about that creamy goodness. The Naan was perfect on both accounts. I love the flavor of those Tandoori Chicken Wings. The Lamb Kabob was perfectly spiced to where you could still appreciate the flavor of the meat. 

The service is great here and the prices are excellent. I'm so happy I was able to find another restaurant that has high quality food with more than reasonable prices. If you're looking for good Pakistani & Indian Halal Cuisine look no further.
First time trying indian food from a restarunt I am a huge fan of curries but this place was lacking.  Ordered the chicken masala if I remember right and was almost gritty because of seasoning.  Ordered the Chicken tikka and the saffron sampler and all the meat was cooked to death really dry.  Maybe I dont know what indian food should be like but the meat seemed way over cooked.  Also got the cheese naan that was great.
In a lonely, half-filled strip mall behind a McDonald's......  The sign, nearly missed, drew my attention one day on my way to work.  An Indian restaurant? Up here? Could it be?  Thoughts of culinary joy filtered into my mind and the "Curry-Plum Fairies" danced in my head.

This was my second visit to Saffron. The first time, my friend and I ventured in and my love sensual decor did a delighted dance.  The walls are a warm, almost Tuscan texture, and the windows are hidden by a dalliance of lovely, transparent, red, gold, and emerald curtains. My friend and I shared the Butter Chicken and the Saffron clay oven platter. The butter chicken held pieces of tender, moist chicken in the most delicious, buttery, flavorful sauce over rice. The Saffron platter was a mix of chicken, shrimp, and Indian sausage slow cooked with tandoori spices in a clay oven.  We also ordered the garlic naan bread, which I thought was to die for.

Today, I thought I'd try the lunch buffet since I had some time and wanted more than my fridge had to offer. The buffet is $11 and contained 8 dishes, salad, and yummy Indian sauces. I had the tandoori chicken wings, a vegetable samosa, spicy chicken curry, lamb curry, a lentil dish as well as two other vegetable dishes.  I am ashamed to admit that I am not fluent in the names of Indian dishes. (Maybe I'll tackle that in 2011)
Along with the buffet came a basket of regular naan. I'm no expert of all breads Indian, but this bread was SO yummy.  Clearly just baked in a hot oven, the bread glistened with butter over it's hot bubbly dough.  It was savory with almost an undetectable hint of sweetness.
All in all the food seemed authentic, not too spicy (and you know I like my spicy...), but in some cases I thought needed a smidge more salt.  Now, I probably like too much salt, so this may not deserve the elimination of a star.

In the end the atmosphere is very nice, and the staff is friendly, attentive and genuinely concerned that your experience is a good one. If you're ready to venture away from your weekend trip to Applebee's, and want something that will tantalize your taste buds....  Head over to Saffron for some serious yum.
Great little place!! Husband and I stopped here for the lunch buffet on our way out of Las Vegas and I'm so glad we did. I'm Indian and thought the food was very good. Flavors were delicate and not overdone. They had interesting dishes on the buffet menu (corn+spinach curry, anyone?) and it was not super-heavy like Indian lunch buffets usually are. They bring hot, fresh, naan out to your table. Service was attentive and just right. Ambiance is a nice blend of Indian and Southwestern without overdoing either. 
We loved it so much that we stopped by again to pick up chicken biryani a few days later. It tasted more like chicken pulav, but was still very  good. 

Go find this place, you won't be disappointed!
what a great find!!!  thank you Yelpers!!

i had a certificate for restaurant.com that was expiring and we wanted to try something different.  after bouncing between their site and here, we decided to give Saffron a try.  thank you to Whitney for posting the location behind the McDonalds; otherwise we might have missed it!

we walk up toward their OPEN sign and get pointed to the door down tot he right.  why in the world would you put that sign next to doors you do not use?!?!?  anyway, we were told we could sit anywhere we wanted as we were the only ones there.  the young man was probalbly new because he could not answer a question about one of the naans.  no big deal.

we started with the garlic naan, bullet naan, tandoori chicken wings, and the sampler.  both naans were very tasty and the wings were also very good. the sampler was also eaten pretty fast, even though it was a bit spicy; probably a 7 on a 1-10 scale.  we were not asked how spicey we wanted the sampler, but were asked for our entrees. everything was nice and tender.  everyone also loved the mango lassi; not too sweet but yummy.

3 of us ordered the tikka mix (lamb, chicken, shrimp, but no fish as mentioned on the menu) and our 4th ordered the shrimp saag.  the tikka was very good (silly of us to get the sampler as an appetizer and the mix for the entree, but it was good stuff!).  very flavorful and nicely spiced.  the girls raved about the saag.

prices were reasonable, portions were good, but service was a bit slow.  we'll have to go back and try more of the many items on the menu!
I thought I was in for a dining masterpiece after seeing the solid 5 stars on Yelp.  Unfortunately, my experience was a bit different than everyone else.

The service was pretty bad for us.  We got our orders taken right away, and the food was pretty fast, but then we didn't see anyone again for quite some time.  Our mouths were burning from our food and we had no water.  And when I went looking for someone to fill our water, I couldn't even find anyone.  That's ridiculous!

The food itself was OK, but not amazing.  Definitely overpriced.  If I hadn't have gotten a restaurant.com GC, I would have felt super ripped off.  As it is, I felt only a little ripped off.  I guess I'm spoiled, as I remember getting like 5 dishes for $35 at the Indian restaurant that closed on Decatur and Charleston.  Here, I barely got 2 dishes and an order of naan.

It is the closest Indian place to me that I know of, so I may be back.  But I won't be running back.
It's easy to miss in its quiet little center, but my food eyes are vulter-ific and saw that a Indian place was coming soon to the neighborhood. We found they had a restaurant.com certificate and gave it a try. 

When we walked in we were greeted with spices wafting around which was definitely a inviting sign!

They start you off with cilrantro and tamarind chutneys with papadam to nosh while you wait. 

BF has discovered Tikka so we decide to get their chicken tikka ($14) so he can try more of it and see a range. It was pretty nicely spiced and the chicken was tender.  I prefer a bit richer, almost creamy of a sauce, but that's just a preference that I tend to seek so this isn't my favorite version.

Aloo Ghobi ($13)- cauliflower, potato and spices sauteed together. The cauliflower was cooked nicely- soft but still with a light bite and the spices were flavorful but not overpowering. 

They ask how spicy you want it from 1-10. We got a 2 and it doesn't really register any spicy at that point. We want most things no spice to mild since the BF can't eat too spicy. 

We also grabbed some garlic naan ($3) which was pretty good to go with the meal. Dishes comes with rice and they will refill it if you need more. 

For dessert, we got some gulab jamun ($5) which are fried milk dough balls that gets a bath in fragrant syrup and served warm. The syrup had a light gingery taste to it and the dough was good. There were two golf ball sized pieces and though they were tasty, $5 is not proportional to what you got.  $2.50 a ball is like grabbing a oreo sized cookie at Bouchon bakery in the Venetian and we ain't on the LV strip. 

Service was attentive and nice. We got our drinks and rice filled and we were checked on.

Even though we were full from our dishes, for the price I feel it was a bit skimpy on the portions.  I think the restaurant.com certificate was a good way to try this place. Definitely though this area needs a place like this to bring us to more food and culture diversity so I appreciate when a new spot opens up that is something different. 

I'm curious about their lunch buffet. I'm with Rob on this one- probably coming back, but not running back for more.
Despite the fact that Saffron is a little far north for us to drive, a restaurant.com gift certificate combined with our love of Indian food convinced us to give it a try.

We arrived at about 7PM on a Saturday and the place was deserted. We were the only customers. I worried about what the food would be like if no one else was here and if it was good, how the place would survive. By the end of our meal any worries were dispelled. The food was delicious and the place was packed with hardly an empty table.

The meal began with some complimentary pappadums with the usual accompaniments of mint and tamarind chutneys.  We started with a serve of samosas which I initially thought looked a bit dense, but they turned out to be the most aromatic and delicious samosas I have eaten in Las Vegas and I found myself regretting not ordering a double serve.

For our mains we split a paneer makhani, my wife had shahi paneer and I had chicken tikka masala.

My tikka masala was delicious, although it was a bit different to other tikka masalas I have had in the past, having a bit of a vindaloo flavour. I initially thought they might have mixed up my order, but the chicken was definitely tikka with clear skewer holes in the meat. Either way, it was absolutely divine.

My wife absolutely loved her shahi paneer and when I helped myself to some and plenty of the ample gravy I agreed. Very rich and nutty and perfect fodder for the delicious serves of garlic and plain naan we ordered with our meal.

The paneer makhani was also very good, although I found it just a touch runny when compared to the wonderful consistency of the shahi dish. If I had ordered it on its own I would have been more than satisfied, but next time if we split a dish I think I'll try some sort of kofta and see how that is.

The restaurant itself is really attractive and welcoming. When I read other reviews that said it was in a "Strip mall" I had visions of a grotty row of shops with some cheesy red and green neon, but the place looks really classy and the "strip mall" looks more like a business park and is only brought down slightly by the presence of a honking great McDonald's out front.

Service was great and friendly. Water was refilled promptly and they did well handling the sudden influx of crowds.

Prices were decent. I would say the main dishes were a couple of bucks more expensive than your average Indian restaurant and appetizers were a dollar or two cheaper than average, so if you're ordering a bit of everything it should work out about even.

Saffron Flavors of India is a great addition to a growing list of quality Indian establishments in Las Vegas. It's of the highest quality and ranks among the very best, to the point where the thirty to forty minute drive from home won't daunt us in our future dining decisions. We will definitely be back.
Hubby and I went last night on a recommendation from a friend.  It was pretty quiet when we got there - only 3 tables of 3-4 people.  The decor is a surprisingly pleasant mlange of Tuscan/Southwest/Indian, with gold, crimson, and sage being the main colours.

Server was friendly and attentive.  We ordered a chickpea marsala and a lamb tikka; both featured tasty, spicy sauces.  The naan was fresh from the oven and was lovely with the entre sauces.  Everything seemed really fresh and nothing left a bad aftertaste!  Portion sizes are deceptively large.  The prices are a little higher than I expected, but I suppose one could split an entre or two to try to save some $.

I would come here again!
Saffron Flavors of India, not to be confused with plain old Saffron on East DI, is the first Indian Chinese fusion restaurant I've seen. Though traditional dishes found on the menus of most Indian restaurants make up the bulk of the menu, some interesting plates catch your attention immediately. One dish that sounded particularly enticing to us was the Paneer Chili ($7), an appetizer of homemade, mild Indian cheese dressed in a sweet and sour sauce with green peppers and onions. I know it sounds strange, but it was actually quite successful. The sauce wasn't sickeningly sweet and artificial tasting as sweet and sour often can be, and we loved tasting Chinese flavors in a dish that actually had some heat.

Non-fusion dishes were just as successful. The sauce of the lamb rogan josh ($15) was a deep brick red and flavor-PACKED, letting you know someone loved it for awhile. My mushroom and sweet corn masala ($13) was served in a sauce that was equally complex and flavorful, yet I was disappointed to see that canned mushrooms were used. The sauce was so incredible, however, I really didn't mind at all. Anyone who can make canned mushrooms taste so good gets a big culinary thumbs up from me. I also enjoyed the addition of corn, which replaced the more common peas found in many Indian mushroom dishes.

Fun little extras included a superb raita with crunchy chunks of cucumber and crispy onion pakora. If you love onion rings, the latter is a must try. We also loved the bullet naan ($5), a flatbread stuffed with cheese, potatoes, chickpeas, onion, cilantro, and green chilies. It made me think this restaurant could do well as the first Indian pizza joint.

Sadly, I fear this restaurant may not survive due to it's location. It's actually fairly easy to get to as it is right off the 95 at Craig, but the new strip center it's in is dead with no signs of budding life. I hate seeing these mom and pop's dissolve - R.I.P Taqueria Los Parados and Vegas Cafe.

I hope I can entice you to go by mentioning that restaurant.com is currently offering certificates valid for dinner only. Today they have 60% off for St. Patty's Day with the code LUCKY, but if you sign up for their updates they offer discounts just as deep nearly every week. You can also same money by taking advantage of their great lunch buffet. The number of items is limited, but it's a bargain at just $8.99.
I had thought that I had already reviewed this great restaurant, but I guess I haven't. I greatly recommend it. I would also like to point out though, as I have sadly come to realize twice in the past couple of months, that the restaurant is closed (Not for good I might add);  it seems due to a family emergency. I'm sure I, or someone else on here, will update when they open back up. I can't wait.
Rolled over there for the first time (06/12/2011) and it was closed up, with a note on the door saying the chef was out-of-country due to a family emergency. However, they will be back!

Major bummer for me, but I give them stars for the note, the positive reviews, and good wishes for the chef (and his kin).
We just happened to call them for carry out because we wanted Indian food and they were the closest one to us. I didn't know it was there first re-opening night and oh what a treat! My husband had the lamb vindaloo and I had the lamb korma  with both garlic and plain naan bread. The entire meal was amazing!! They were busy but the bartender --Britney-- was super nice and talked to me while i waited. We will be going back again, but this time to sit and dine.
Really happy that they opened back up so I could finally try them. My mother and I went for dinner on a Friday night around 6 p.m. The establishment is divided into two areas. There is a bar on one side and on the other side is the dining area. There were a few tables occupied but not busy yet. Two very cheerful servers greeted us and after being seated asked if we had any questions.

Everything on the menu is ala cart so it can be pricey. They brought us a basket of papadum and couple of chutneys. The green chutney was my favorite, while the red was a little too sour for my taste. We started off with two mango lassis and paneer pakora. My go-to drink at any Indian restaurant is mango lassi. I can usually down 2-4 of them during the course of a good meal. These did not disappoint; nice and creamy with just the right amount of sweetness and perfectly smooth. The paneer pakora was huge. Not really that used to appetizers at an Indian restaurant being that big. We were going to get full before the meal came. The pakora was crispy and brown and we also spread the chutneys that came with the papadum on them. The paneer has a bit of a nutty flavor and is sort of the consistency of very firm tofu.

For entrees we ordered Butter Chicken, Tandoori Chicken and Kadai Ghosht. The Butter Chicken was good, I got it at spicy level 5. Was not to enthused about mom's Tandoori Chicken. It came out all sizzling and hot on the plate but the piece I had was flavorful but dry. Mom said I must have picked the only dry piece on the plate since her's were pretty juicy. I think my favorite dish was the Kadai Ghosht. It is a lamb curry with onions garlic and ginger. It was very tender and succulent and the flavor was out of this world. We also had panner naan (good) and garlic naan (very garlicky so very good) as well as they served us a small dish of basmati rice to share between us.

Now as far as the service goes, it's the type of service I expected. I don't think I have ever been to an Indian restaurant were the servers are snappy. They are not bad but if you are expecting to be in and out the you are out of luck. They were very cheerful and quite helpful. Our server was a bit too eager to clear our plates away (even when we hadn't finished yet.) I was a bit alarmed to hear a server recommend to a family a vindaloo when they asked what was a good dish that was not spicy. But considering they go on a 1 to 10 spice level for every dish I suppose that was okay?
Ordered the Paneer Tikka Masala, Shrimp Saag, and Tandoori Chicken and they all tasted so good!  I highly recommend saving room for dessert and trying their Pista Kulfi...so rich and yummy!
The best Indian food I've had yet!! Hidden in a little corner on Craig and Tenaya...
 My boyfriend always told me about this place, but it had temporarily closed down due to the cook having to go back to India. I saw the reviews on here yesterday that it had reopened and I called to confirm. We went last night. 
 They are only open for dinner hours until they get their clientele back up.

Soooo, for dinner we had the following -
Shrimp Korma
Rogan Ghosht
and the mixed Tikka Platter

We had everything on a 7 spice level, and it was perfect. Everything was delicious and I cannot wait to go back again.
Oh, my Jesus this was EXCELLENT!

As soon as we walked in I could smell the aromas and fell in love immediately!  I have never had Indian food that was so good!  The hubby DREADS Indian but decided to spoil me.  He was definitely surprised.  This is the only Indian restaurant/food he has EVER liked!

Bad first impression:  The waitress was a little off.  There were 5 of us.  She looked around and told us that we had to wait for a table to open.  (Hmn, but there were 6 open tables...)  Another guy came by after a few minutes, pushed two tables together and seated us.  YAY!  .....10-15 minutes go by...no menus, no water, no waitress or waiter...a couple of more minutes and the waitress brings us some pakora and water......................no menus.  WTH?!  (I really wanted  to try this food...otherwise we would've be out after 10 minutes of waiting.)  So, we flag her down and request menus.  It was smooth sailing after that.  And boy was it worth the hassle.

If I could afford to go a few times a week I would.  I was craving this as soon as I woke up and again tonight.  A la carte meals are $15 on average and they're not big.  =(  Not a good match for a food lover on a budget.
My hubby and I were craving Indian food tonight so we went to Saffron.  We ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, Vegetable Korma, Veg. Samosas and the plain nan.  We eat at Saffron about once a week but the food was especially excellent tonight.
I got food poisoning from this restaurant, I would not recommend this place to ANYONE. DO NOT BE FOOLED BY THE GOOD REVIEWS! This place is also pretty pricey.
This is the best Indian restaurant in Las Vegas!
I have been before and after the hiatus, and everything I have tried has been nothing short of amazing. 
The vegetable biryani is fantastic-not overly greasy, and incredibly fragrant. I ordered it "10 spicy" and it was a religious experience. 
The dal makhani is also delicious. Rich and creamy, but not overly so, as this dish can sometimes be. 
The naan is always hot, fresh, and fluffy. The environment is inviting, and the staff is very accommodating.
Pro-tip: take a date and sit in the romantic, more private section. So pretty!
Spend the extra few dollars a dish (compared to the average Indian restaurant) for an experience that is amazing!
I will definitely go back to this place.  Before Saffron, I have been to only 3 Indian restaurants which disappointed me enough to be wary of the cuisine altogether.  I am so glad my husband took me here for 'something different'.  Walked in, had a saffron martini drop (an original creation), and decided, yup, this is gonna be goood! appetizer:chili chicken 5/10 spice: Wow.  Bread basket:  garlic and cheese naan:  my son scarfed that down. Had chicken tikka masala and lamb masala: yum.  Staff were very nice, restroom was clean.  A bit of a drive from the strip, but from this experience, was well worth it.
My son and daughter-in-law ate there last night for her birthday with a 2 for 1 coupon we got in the mail and they loved it and the portions were big enough that they were full and had left over to take home.
Don,t ask me what they ordered but they said it was spicy but not to spicy like they experienced in other Indian restaurants.
The food is great but the hours are terrible.

I finally got a chance to go here after work.  My 3rd attempt. I tried a couple more times for lunch but they weren't open.  

I wasn't in the mood for curry, so I had me some Chicken Tikka. I was thinkin some veggies so I got Kachumber salad too. The server suggested Garlic Naan also. So when all the food came out, I get embarrassed.  The portions were huge that the cook came out to move another table next to mine. I did the best I could but Man vs Food, I am not. I had enough leftover for the next day.  My advise: bring a friend you wanna impress.

I'd come back... when they're open
Save yourself a trip! Management was very rude to us after my 5 year old son got severly ill from their chicken dish, apparently the waitress could not tell us what was in the sauce and we had to run out of the restaurant and was severely ill all weekend from the food they served. I will not go back to this restaurant and do not recommend.
Round 2 for Saffron Flavors of India.  (Why has it taken so long if it's so good, you ask?  Because I'm on a damn budget.)

We (2 of us) were seated immediately WITH menus this time.  That sure made ordering food a lot quicker.  I think it helped that our waitress was not the same and knew how to waitress.

Had the Bullet Nan, Saffron Platter, and Goan Fish.  Absolutely loved the Goan Fish and Bullet Nan.  Saffron Platter was ok.  I would've tried some other items but $45 on those 3 (small portions) and a coke...I'll save up for next time.

Damn, y u gotta be so 'spencers!
After a long hard day of fieldwork, I stopped in to Saffron on my way back to the hotel to pick up a to-go order. The chef graciously took my order even though they were closed at the time (3:45 pm). 

Back at the hotel, I eagerly dove into my Kadai Chicken - boneless chicken in a sauce of I don't quite know what but it was delicious! Slivers of ginger and surprise pops of coriander seed....YUM!  I inhaled it with my Aloo Naan, and was in heaven. Now I am in a food coma, but I will definitely come back here for a proper dinner the next time I am in Las Vegas.
My hubby and I just did take out from Saffron.  We have a ritual where we share an Indian beer and an ap at the restaurant and take the rest home.  Tonight the food was particularly on.  The Chicken Tikka Masala was perfect, the Veg Korma was right on, and the veg Samosas were pretty great as well.  This is the best Indian restaurant in Vegas and I could eat it every week.
Yay! I'm a fan.

So I was going home from this side of town, and I desired a bit of good eats to arrive home with.  Here's a shout-out to Yelp for leading me to this place.  I never would have stumbled across this tucked away place otherwise.

Even if I happened upon this establishment, I'm not even sure I would have guessed it to offer take-out.  There's enough class inside that I actually asked if they even did, and soon found out I would be one of three doing the same.  There is a separate dining area from the bar, but from the passersby, I guess it to have accommodated them nicely.  The bar area seems to have a full compliment, and the tender definitely seemed to know his way around it (not that I sampled).  I sat at one of the few bar tables and watched the television they had up.  I was very kindly offered water or soda while I waited for my order; a first for me when getting take-out.

After perusing the entire dinner menu, I settled on the Chicken Tikka Masala -- caught my eye as it brings together the joys of the tandoor (grill/oven) with curry.  Luckily the dish comes with rice, as you really don't get a lot for the money here.  What you do get is quality over quantity, but I'm a fan of both.  I was asked on a scale of 1 to 10 how spicy I wanted it.  After discussion that I'm a fan of a little heat, we concluded that I should try an 8.  Well, the 8 tickled some, and it was flavorful -- not just spicy for its own sake.  It certainly carried the graceful interplay of spices and textures of good Indian food.  It had an acceptable amount of chicken that was cooked to perfection.  Delish it was most definitely.
First timer, and now we will be back as often as we can! I never had Indian food ever and the server was very nice and helped me figure out what may like, she did great! The heat index was perfect and I love the flavors with the all the dishes we had. The bar was nice, the tables nicely laid out and the staff was very pleasant.
I love these flavors! Cheap it is not but quality it is!  Top notch.  Spring rolls were fried but super tasty. The Begay Korea with tofu was sublime. Rice basmati was fluffy and light. Extra order is 5 dollars but needed if you want enough rice to have rice with your second helping that you will not be able to resist.   The garlic nann is perfectly done, next time I will add cheese to the naan for extra goodness.   Also had the beef shank Indian style , it was insane.  I bet every dish here is good.   Try the tikka chip everyone was ordering it.   Enjoy 5 star at 3 to4 star prices we had 3drinks and it was 55 but would have been 30 without alcohol.  They do take out too!   Loved it all bravo!!!!!
Raj and Ritesh, thank you for a great Indian restaurant in the Northwest. If you love real authentic Indian food you have to give Saffron a try. My wife and I love it!
By far the best Indian restaurant in Vegas. They went away for awhile and I swear I was in withdrawals. Me and the Girlfriend love this place and the owner is just great, we came out one day and they weren't open but the chef was cooking and he cooked for us as well. Not only great food but great owner and a great chef as well.

our favorites:
Garlic Naan we always get like 3 orders of this its so good
Chicken Tikki Masala
lamb Vindoolo
Butter Chicken

All of these and everything else they have you will love!! Definitely worthwhile

The only thing is that they need to get the takeout menu back up so i can get it for lunch regularly!!!
Wow, for all the great reviews, no one seems to mention that the food amount-to-price ratio is off the charts.  You're going to spend a lot for a little.  Having said that, the food is tasty.  Our waitress seemed like a new summer, high school hire so we didn't feel too much love from her and it took a bit to get her attention even though we were the first group in the dining room and eventually only one of two groups there (who made the same quizzical look at the food when it arrived, based on its small size.)
Again, I don't mind spending a bunch for great food, but a small bowl for over $15 seems steep even in Vegas (and this is no where near the Strip.)  And that bowl was advertised to serve two (ha!)
Nice ambience
The Best Indian food I have eaten in Las Vegas!
Very good Indian food with a wide selection including more traditional dishes I wasn't familiar with. It is a small restaurant but always seems busy without being packed. Service was attentive. A little pricey (e.g. Chicken curry dishes were $14) but overall very good.
Decided to visit this place during a weekend getaway to Vegas after seeing reviews on yelp and trip advisor. 

Food: Tastes great (we had Chicken Tikka Masala, Butter Chicken, Chili Shrimp), Spiced to taste, smaller portions (one entry feeds 1 adult), garlic naan was excellent (kids swore it was the best they've ever had), the fact that they had Indo Chinese choices was a huge plus as well. Only con was the dessert (they lost a star for this)- Gulab Jamun was not good at all, and they still charged us for it even though I said it wasn't edible. They serve it cold, and the insides were rock hard. Overall, this was the best Indian food I've had in a very long time.

Decor: Elegant, nothing too fancy, but tasteful. In a quiet, residential area.

Service: Very friendly, at times a tad slow, not too sure who our server was, at times it was a guy, at times it was the hostess who was quite nice.

Cost: A little pricey (~ $15/entree). Bill for 2 adults and 2 kids was ~ $100 without drinks.
This Indian restaurant is a gem and is definitely worth visiting, especially if you live in the NW part of the valley.  I took my family and my sister's family from California and all seven of us absolutely loved the dining experience.  

We started off with vegetable samosas, which were full of potatoes, peas, and maybe some carrots.  While the pastry could have been a tad thinner and lighter, it was delicious nevertheless.  For $5, we got two large samosas.

For our main course, we ordered chicken tikka masala, chana (chick peas) masala, tandoori chicken, garlic naan, chili fish, and garlic shrimp.  The last two items were part of the Indo-Chinese section of the menu.  Every one of the dishes was well-prepared, nicely presented, and very flavorful.   

The restaurant was clean and spacious with ample parking.  I have been to 8 or 9 different Indian restaurants in Las Vegas and this one is one of the best.
I wish I had a better experience at his place, because I normally like Indian food. Maybe also we ordered the wrong item, but it just wasn't 4 or 5 stars for me. 

We went there on a Thursday I think in the afternoon and we were the only people in the restaurant. Nothing to complain about the service. 

We ended up ordering the combination platter to share. The selection of meats on the platter was very good, but I felt like something was missing. The platter didn't come with any sides or sauces. We ordered the garlic nan on the side, but everything was very dry and hard to swallow. I wish the dish came with rice and a sauce or something like that, especially for the price they were charging. 

Prices are pretty high in my opinion but I think I will go back if I get a chance and try and order one of their saucy dishes. This first experience left me very unsatisfied but I'm willing to give the restaurant another chance.
WOWZERS! I am so so glad that I strolled into this place and check-ed it out.   I was craving Indian food so incredibly badly since I left DC and with no one out here expect for my coworker(who I can't lunch with during work) with a palate for Indian cuisine; I decided upon the first place I saw on yelp.  I saw the yelp reviews and decided lets go, thanks everyone! 

I was seated within 30 seconds of arriving and received my beverage within a second of sitting down.  The waitress then asked me if I wanted garlic or regular naan, and being me, of course I ordered the garlic!  She guided me over to the buffet, and basically told me to dig in.  *my eyes grew wide*  I started with a salad with the delicious cucumber dressing and little jalapeo; tay-tay-tasty! Then I went and got my main meal, I loaded up with some rice and then piled the Curry Chicken Pepper splashed some of that Ritata sauce on there and headed back to the table.  After piling a mountain of food onto that yummy delicious warm garlic naan I shoveled that food down so quick and went for seconds, and then thirds!  Ahhhhh somebody stop me!!  In my many trips to the buffet bar I also tried the garlic chicken, which was good, almost a little dry, but it made the cut for me and then something else, to be honest I didn't even look at the name, I just dove in and took it; it might have been the Chicken Masala come to think of it.  

Overall the experience was a great one,  10$ for the meal and I will definitely be going back, possibly as soon as next week.  Stop everything you are doing this very instant and get going already!
Great flavors. But beware - if you're looking for spicy, you're gonna have to beg. We ordered 2 dishes at an 8 level (one was a Vindaloo!) and both were very bland. The other problem is service: nice, but incredibly stupid waitresses! Our bottle of wine was dropped off with our 2 glasses but never poured. We poured every single time! Also,the server never checked to see how our food was until we were totally done & flagged her down for a check. She was surprised that we weren't happy with the spiciness - hello, why didn't you ask?! Also, even after she brought the cc receipt, she still didn't clear our plates. Yuck! But we'll come back for takeout; just will ask for a 10 or Indian hot.
Ok, so me and the Mrs. had a hankering for some good Indian food and Saffron delivered big time! We had a few different naan's, Aloo Gobi and a rajma. All were fantastic. The staff was friendly. We did take-out so I am not sure how the service is for dine in, however the dining room was fairly full so I would venture to say the service is good.

Anyone on this side of town would do well to give Saffron a shot.
We were missing our favorite place in SD, did a yelp search and came up with Saffron.  It was really close so we decided to give it a try.  It's in a quiet strip mall so parking is plentiful, although at first we saw it as a red flag, we quickly decided that wasn't the case.

The ambiance is a little off.  You walk into a really brightly lit bar area, with no recognizable hostess station.  Although we were greeted quickly and with a big smile from the bartender and were passed off to a hostess who seated us immediately.  Here's where I do not really know how to express myself well.  Everyone was happy and helpful, the place is bright and cheery, but something is off.  I think the tables are as welcoming and maybe the place has TOO much lighting.  Sort of reminded me of a cafeteria that had been dressed up with some bright colors and lot's of curtains.

The important part the food, was AWESOME.  We ordered chicken samosas and chicken pankora's to start with.  Both were excellent.  We especially enjoyed the samosas.  The chicken meat was ground and mixed with wonderful spices, very very tasty.  For dinner we ordered lamb vindaloo and chicken masala tandoori.  Again both plates were fantastic especially with the garlic naan we ordered.

We really enjoyed our dinner and the staff was very attentive, we never wanted for anything.  I would like to see the ambiance set up better for dinner, something less bright and maybe a little more intimate.
This review is for the lunch buffet.  Why 5 stars?

Not only is it an excellent value for the money, but everything is fresh and delicious.  I am not an Indian food guy, so I don't know how authentic it is or how it compares to others...

But I will tell you, it will be hard finding a better way to spend the same money for lunch!  

The garlic naan bread was amazing...we ordered two baskets for the table and it was devoured quickly.  Some of the best "bread" that I have had....so so good.

I liked most of the dishes I tired, but a few of the meat dishes stood out, and were great to eat with the accompanying dipping sauces.  A few times the serving food went empty since it was very busy, but that meant fresh food was coming out within minutes.

Only bad thing....they were really busy...and it didn't look like their was much help on the floor.  The poor guy was literally running around in circles and was forgetting refills and pulling plates, but that was hardly enough for me to drop the review down a notch since it didn't ruin or affect our lunch here too much.

I will be back again.  I say go for it, especially if you live on this side of town!
Saffron's lunch buffet is just OK. High points: very good value, AWESOME garlic naan. Low points: Very small selection, and when we were there we were the only customers and so the food was never refreshed.

The service was good, but I would expect that considering we were alone in the restaurant! I would've liked to see a few more selections... there was saag paneer, a chicken dish, fish curry and I believe a veggie curry, accompanied by some onion pakora and fried chicken strips. Nothing was BAD but nothing blew my mind, either.

I still have yet to find a Vegas Indian buffet that I like better than Mint!
I never had Indian food before visiting Saffron. After meeting the owner, Raj, on my first visit, he was very helpful in menu selections and really cared about our liking what he suggested for dinner.
We have been back several times since and have always had great food and great service.
I would recommend this restaurant to everyone! Thank you Raj for a great experience and even greater food :-)
Great food. Warning, the spice level is 1-10 I had a 5 thinking it would be med, I was wrong it was pretty spicy, can't imagine a 10. 

Some have said it's pricey, but I didn't think it was any more expansive then going to Chilies or Outback. If you want good food your going to pay for it.
On a whim, since we were in the area, we thought we would give this place a try. Oh man, I am glad that we did!! It was D-licious!! The hubby ordered the chicken J (don't remember how to spell the rest of it; and I ordered something that wasn't even on the menu, but they were more than happy to make it for me. They had a shrimp korma, but I wanted chicken instead. We both had our meals a spicy #5 out of 10. It was goooooood. It was spicy enough for me and I love things spicy. Also, if you check into Yelp while dining, you get a 10% discount. 

Check it out!
Tried Saffron Flavors of India for takeaway dinner on a whim and came away very impressed. The food was excellent. 

Small thing, for me, when I arrived on time for pickup the food wasn't ready. Another takeaway customer arrived and had the same problem. They've got some timing issues, but I was able to easily overlook that by the quality of the food, which is for sure the best available in Las Vegas (and I've tried just about all of them).

While I waited for my food I noticed the restaurant looked great. A large, fully-stocked bar and a comfortable, modern dining room. For me, Saffron is a little out of the way, but I'm happy to overlook that too for their excellent food. Glad to have found it.
Wow, what a great restaurant!  Let's start with the tandoori chicken.  Often a dry, if tartly tasty, disappointment, an afterthought in the vegetarian marvelousness that is Indian food in general.  Here, though, it was richly flavorful, moist and yielding -- seriously, the best I have ever had.  The people raving about the garlic naan bread are absolutely right -- fresh-baked, with just the right level of browned bottom.

The service was very pleasant -- maybe a bit over-attentive, because we arrived at a slow time.  That's a shame, because quite honestly, this restaurant should never have any slow times.

The decor is lovely -- draped curtains, mellow, classy atmosphere.  It's not a hole-in-the-wall by any means.  Overall, an outstanding restaurant, and I hope it catches on soon.
Saffron Flavors of India gets 5 stars for customer service and amazing food.  On a whim, I stopped in to see about take out, they didn't have any menus but offered to email one to me!  The restaurant is on the way home, so I can call in the order and it is ready by the time I get there.

The food is always delicious and I have a weekly craving for the naan!  I really need to try out the lunch buffet sometime....
Stopped in for the $12 lunch buffet. Should have arrived earlier than 1:15 pm, as many of the dishes needed refilling and were somewhat slow to refill. I chalk this up to a possible combination of the fact that it was almost 2 hours into their 3 hour buffet window, and that the dining area was maybe half full.

The buffet itself featured a small but nice selection. I tried the following:
- rice
- chick peas in a cheese/curry sauce (mattar paneer?)
- lamb masala
- fish curry
- orange chicken
- onion pakora (onion strips fried in a chick pea batter)
- garlic naan

There was another chicken dish, but it was never refilled so I did not get to try it.

Their best dishes were the garlic naan, which was pretty great, and the fish curry, which was tasty but could have had more of a kick to the curry. The rest were somewhat above-average.

The service was good and the atmosphere was nice - understated decor with some soft Indian background music.

I give it 3 stars overall because I enjoyed the food, despite the small selection and slow refilling. The nature of a buffet greatly limits the degree of the spice/heat in the food, so I can't judge them on the spice level (or lack thereof). It was a pleasant lunch, but I'll have to try some regular dishes before I can render a more definitive verdict.
Went on a Tuesday night and the place was almost empty, too bad for the missing customers as this place is great.  Ordered two apps, then the mixed grill, the chicken biryani and the shrimp vindaloo along with bullet and garlic naan.

  The portion size on the biryani is immense, tasty as well.  My wife enjoyed the mixed grill, especially the tandoori chicken.  I ordered the shrimp vindaloo with a 9/10 spice index and it certainy packed a punch.  I really wish they offered chicken vindaloo as well, maybe in the future.  The bullet naan is something special and the garlic naan did not disappoint.

  Service was very good to begin with, but got a little slow near the end of the meal.  We had to wait a bit for to-go boxes for the leftovers.  Overall, very good food and good service, we will be back.
The Skinny: came in for their $12 lunch buffet and was greatly disappointed with the lack of selection and the quality of some of the items... for f*(k's sake they f^&ked up kheer (2) service was good - nothing special though (3) value: given the plethora of Indian restaurants offering buffets in the valley, this one ranks poorly with regards to price, selection and quality (2).

Came in because we'd heard they were starting to do lunch buffets. Add the recent promotion of $2 off, we were psyched to try it out especially when it's a lot closer to our neck of the woods.

I was really surprised by the lack of selection available considering the price. For $12, there were 8 hot items (including rice) with a small salad/fruit bar and kheer.

But this would be okay if the food was fantastic across the board. However it missed the mark. Of all of the dishes, the standout was the Goan Fish Curry. The fish had a lovely texture while the curry was wonderfully mellow. However, you were pretty much dumpster diving to look for pieces of fish in the curry. Other than that, everything else was okay (lamb masala, chana masala, paneer masala) to not-so-great.

Of the not so great items was the dal (bland), the orange chicken (soggy, overly sweet --- I'm not sure how this fits in with everything else - this s*(t is about as American as apple pie), and the kheer. 

I have to take a minute about how they messed up the kheer. Not only did they cheap out on the rice (they used some sort of long grain instead of basmati), they may have used leftover rice to make it with the rather large clumps of rice emerging from the pudding. If you stirred the rice while you were cooking it, this doesn't happen. In addition, the rice was undercooked and hard. Plus you don't even get that hit nice hit of cardamom at all.  Bleh. Major turn off. 

The garlic naan came to the table nice and hot and flavourful. However texturally, it was a little too hard, a little too doughy and not enough flakiness. 

Sporting a tomato chutney, an unpleasantly weak mint chutney (where's the mango chutney?) and a rather watery raita, I was disappointed by the lack of pickles and other condiments normally seen at other places.

Given the plehtora of places available in the valley that offer better selection, better quality and overall better prices, I'd skip this place for the lunch buffet. 2 starred review.
Stopped by for lunch with a few coworkers to get additional opinions and to order something off the menu with some kick to the spice level. The other three (one of whom had never eaten Indian food, none of whom had been here before) ordered the lunch buffet, and I ordered the Chicken Madras (chicken cooked in Madras curry) at 8/10 level heat.

I was very pleased with the Chicken Madras. A nice blend of flavors - savory, spicy, a bit of sweetness - combined with a pleasingly spicy kick that complemented the flavors rather than overwhelming them. The naan (we had one basket of regular, one basket of garlic) was excellent as well, served warm, crispy, and chewy.

Everyone enjoyed their food, and the other fan of spicy foods also liked the bit of Chicken Madras she tried, finding it spicy-flavorful but not overpowering.

Service was prompt and courteous, and the overall experience went well.

Given my second experience here, I'm bumping my score up to a 4/5.
I don't get over to the w side too often, but decided to go out of my way to try this place after spending a morning working @ Red Rock casino recently. 
No complaints about value- $12 lunch buffet in this town's pretty much the standard.
Pretty decent # of items offered too. Specifically, chicken tikka & korma, saag paneer, aloo ghobi, garlic naan were all good. I'll be back...
I've visited this establishment twice, once for dinner and more recently for their reopened lunch buffet. For dinner, the food was okay, but the service was severely lacking. It took forever (about 2 hours total) to order our food, get water and refills, get our food and finally pay our check. The butter chicken was so-so. The aloo gobi even less remarkable. The 2 kinds of naan were too doughy. Despite this mediocre experience, I was willing to give their lunch buffet a try, especially since the wifey was curious to experience their cuisine. What a mistake that was... First of all, the price of $11.99 is at the high end for Indian lunch buffets, and this place is the exception to the rule that you get what you pay for. The selection and quality was downright pathetic and frankly embarassing. Ok, to be fair, it was still better than our abysmal experience at Sherpa House (in Golden, CO) but that is setting the bar extremely low. There were a whopping total of 8 hot trays consisting of items such as onion "pakora" (basically onion ring fragments), orange chicken, daal, chana masala, goan fish curry, lamb curry, paneer masala, and (non-Basmati) rice. There was also a small salad bar section and kheer. There was a surprising lack of classic staples such as mango chutney, samosas, Tandoori chicken, any kind of chicken curry, or saag. Although we enjoyed the fish curry, it could not make up for the lack of selection and quality of the rest of items. The garlic naan was so-so. It was simultaneously too doughy yet too hard and dry on the bottom. The kheer was the worst we've ever had. It lacked cardamom flavor and contained numerous clumps of rice. At least this time around, the service was half decent. The only other mitigating factor was they were running a $2 off promotion, although we had to specifically ask for the discount to be applied. That being said, the fact that this place garners stellar reviews is a real head scratcher. Perhaps, restaurants located in the (relative) boonies are held to a lower standard. Who knows? As for me, when I rate a restaurant, I don't care where a restaurant is located. The food is either good or it isn't. It's either a good value or it isn't. Unfortunately, this place is neither.
Curry in a hurry!!!!

Delish!

So wonderful and tasty and spicy. I love it here.
Saffron is an awesome restaurant. They feature a particularly rare branch of Indian food-Indian Chinese. It is impossible to find Indian Chinese food, let alone GOOD Indian Chinese food. I had the chili paneer; it was LIFE-CHANGING. It was fantastic. I just wish this place was so out of the way, otherwise I'd be way more often. SO GOOD! They have other Indian options too, but trust me, try the Indian Chinese food!
I went yesterday, Saturday, to their buffet.  It is not a big buffet but it was very good and had a variety of choices.  The Tandoori Chicken Wings were Out Of This World GREAT! And, the curry dishes were very good.  I even tried one called Goon Fish Curry and it was probably the best of all.  Very good curry dish and the fish was very tasty. You can get regular or garlic naan bread with your buffet... I got the garlic and it was really good, hot and fresh. The place is very nice and clean. I went once on a weekday and once on Saturday.  The buffet is on Wednesday through Saturday and the weekday wasn't very busy but there was a nice crowd on Saturday.

I will definitely be back!
Tandoori chicken and shrimp vindaloo is what I got there 15 and 16 dollars. Tandoori had about 6 med pieces chicken level 5 spicy and it was SPICY! The shrimp vindaloo was a good big portion recommend if in the mood for shrimp and balsamic rice. If you want Indian food it is really good but pricey.
Great food and awesome service. Definitely will go here again!
Love Saffron, Raj and the team, the food is amazing, the freshness and quality is very good.  Highly recommend!
We had the lunch buffet and was very impressed. They had a fish curry dish - one of the only Indian food buffet places I've found with this. Lots of flavor - heavier on cumin and spices than an average place, which we love. Also very clean and excellent service.
Our quest to find the best Indian lunch buffet in Vegas continues!

Protip: This isn't it.

My wife and I had been here for dinner before and it was actually quite tasty. So we trucked all the way up to Craig on a weekday afternoon to try the buffet, and sadly, it didn't live up to our expectations based on dinner service.

The naan was still amazing, but the buffet selection was downright paltry. My firang side was pleased with the usual chicken tikka and pakora but I come to a lunch buffet to try a variety of different things.

If Saffron would devote more space and effort to the lunch buffet instead of cramming a small selection into a tiny alcove, it would be worth a return visit. The food quality is actually very good but the limited selection just kills it for me.
Oh saffron what have you done. Ok firstly I have been going to saffron since they opened at their new location on craig. I like there lunch buffet but sadly I'm giving a bad review not because of the food but because of the lack of food during my last visit. 

I went in on Feb 14th at 2 pm I was seated quickly like I always am. We went to get some food and noticed almost everything was out. I assumed they would still be cooking since they closed at 2:30 and they usually just cook small portions and refill the food. However after 10 minutes I noticed that they weren't bringing anything out. I asked the server first about my water since I never got one then about the food. He said we're closing so no more food is cooking. I asked why no one would tell me this when I sat down and the server repeated that they close at 2:30. He said he would ask if anything else could be cooked and came back again stating they close at 2:30. 

I can't believe that after coming so often to eat that they wouldn't have the courtesy of letting me know that I would be paying full price for 6 pieces of cut up chicken and some rice. Maybe they should institute a last call or something of that nature. 

I actually loved coming here for lunch but ever since this happened I have been driving past saffron to go to Mt. Everest, Mint or Namaste depending on my mood.

P.S please bring back the tandoori chicken to the lunch buffet. I am pretty sure this is the only lunch buffet in Vegas that doesn't have tandoori chicken available.
I am going to give Saffron Flavors of India a rare five stars from me tonight because quite honestly, I have nothing negative to say. A few weeks ago told a different story. I had a craving for curry on a Monday night but Saffron is closed on Monday. I did not know this until after I tried three doors before seeing their hours posted on the first door revisited. I was frustrated. Today, though, is Wednesday and Saffron is open.  I parked at about 5:45 in an open and empty lot. As I approached, a man opened the door and warmly welcomed me in. Good impression number one. I was seated immediately as the restaurant was mostly empty much to my surprise. When I was seated I noticed the strong aroma of the many exotic spices I would be enjoying shortly. I also noticed the Indian music lending itself to a comforting and authentic dining experience. Good impression number two. Within less than a minute of being seated I was brought a glass of water, a food menu, a wine menu, a basket of crispy flat bread stuff (apologies for not knowing the true name), and two sauces. A mint sauce and a tamarind sauce. The latter of the two sauces was my favorite. I took a few minutes to familiarize myself with the menu. I settled upon Palak Chicken and a side of Garlic Naan.  The naan came out quickly and was absolutely delicious. It was hot, crisp, and chewy with plenty of minced garlic on top. A few minutes later my Palak Chicken came out in a hot bowl and accompanied with    long grain rice in a separate bowl. The Palak was a brilliant green from the spinach. It was topped with cream and a sprig of cilantro. A beautiful presentation to be sure. I had trouble finding the chicken until I spooned it on to my plate. It was there hiding out amongst the spinach base. It was not the most tender chicken I have had at an Indian restaurant but chicken does not need to be fork tender to be good. It still fell apart in my mouth. Good impression number three. I ate all of my rice but took my Palak Chicken and Garlic Naan home to have for lunch the next day. My check came as I was bagging up my leftovers. It had a smiley face drawn on it. Talk about service with a smile.  Good impression number four. This was very much a comfortable and relaxing dining experience. From the soft spoken and friendly waiter to the delicious food cooked to my spice request of 3 (out of 10), my night at Saffron was just what the doctor ordered. I will be back but probably not all too soon. It is a little  high priced as Indian cuisine tends to be. But when the hunger strikes, an occasional splurge is in well within reason.
I would go back for the chicken tikki masala & the garlic naan.  Just remember, the portions are small.  So, don't expect to be getting a huge entree of chicken.  For the price, I think they could've given more chicken.  The small curry bowl was filled 1/3 chicken and 2/3 sauce.   

Naan:  It was absolutely delicious dipping the naan into the masala sauce.  What made it most enjoyable was the surprise crispy texture on its bottom... almost like an Indian pizza!

Mom had the aloo ghobi & seemed to be disappointed with the dryness.  She kept on saying how it was missing something-something.  Since this dish isn't familiar to me, I had no idea how to compare.  

We also had the vegetable samosa.  Surprisingly, it was not fried, but baked.  Mom was quite upset about it and said it would've tasted better fried.  I agree with her, but I did think it helped cut back on the calories.  Perhaps, if they used filo dough, the thick pastry would've been a better choice?

For me, it was a 3 star visit.  For Mom, probably a 1 star visit.  I'd like to return for their buffet just to see how they cook the other items.
What a total disappointment!! I was naive and did not listen to some of the reviews here. The biggest complaint I have is price and quantity/quality of food. I ordered chicken tikka masala and lamb with spinach curry or something like that. First, the flavor was nothing special, I actually thought it was bland and something I could have made myself. Second, the prices are ridiculous, look I don't mind paying a lot of money if it's worth it. I've been to Gordon Ramsay on Paris and Del Friscos Double Eagle steakhouse, both expensive but totally worth it.  The prices, chicken tikka masala was $15, serve in a(I kid you not)dog's bowl size container(6 inches in diameter and 2 inches deep), 4 little cubes of chicken and the rest was sauce. The lamb, $16, same as the chicken tikka, 4-5 little pieces and the rest was sauce. I felt totally cheated. I give this business a few more months and it's going to close down. People please listen up and spend it where you can get more bang and flavor for hour buck, trust me on this one. Go to Mt Everest on Sahara or something similar but not this one please!!!
So i have eaten at over 100 Indian food restaurants around the world and this is in my top 3.  Food is always consistently good.  Service is exceptional.  The owner and wait staff knew my preferences and what I wanted by my third visit.  I have tried over ten items on the menu and every one of the dishes sampled was great.  While I don't usually eat the garlic naan with my meals theirs is the best I've tasted.  I highly recommend you try this place.
*Update* to Mr Rajesh P who responded to my review. YES!!! I am talking about the same SAFFRON Restaurant on W Craig Rd. I spent 5 years in the UK and have dine in over 200 Indian restaurants, I'm pretty sure I know what I am talking about. Indian restaurants in Europe are more authentic I may say, so much so that at one point the UK made Chicken Tikka Masala UK's national food. $14 or $15, it was still a small amount of food for the money. Just try going to one of the known Indian restaurants around here and you know what I am talking about. Bottom line, food quality/quantity is not worth the price and I believe people need to know this before going.
Since leaving England 3 years ago, my wife and I have been in search for a proper Indian restaurant in Las Vegas and we finally found it! Saffron Flavors has a great selection of tasty Indian food and selection of alcohol beverages... and Kingfisher beer!!! :-)
The staff is very kind and are willing to make different dishes to your liking. I prefer the chicken phall and chicken vindaloo because of the spicy taste which Raj is more than happy to make it as spicy or not spicy just the way you want it. 
You can find my wife and I driving from Nellis AFB to visit every Saturday for their lunch buffet at a very good price. Whoever says you get very little food for the price here at Saffron Flavors is definitely used to the other less reputable Indian food "joints" that Las Vegas has to offer. 
Cheers!
Very good, got there at the end of lunch and the waiter had the chef prepare fresh main course rather than have us eat the buffet.  Suggestion for lunch arrive before 1300.   Great place for dinner
Best Indian food in Las Vegas, nice atmosphere, pleasant service.  This is much better than many of the more expensive places near the strip.
The food was great but I felt the amount of money spent for food was high for what was received.
Even the lunch buffet is good!  You can't go wrong here.
the buffet is amazing everything i mean everything is delicious naan bread comes included with the low price. very nice clean restaurant.
Best aloo gobi in town!
The yummiest Indian Food i have ever tried in the Town .. Specially try their Indo Chinese dishes.. Great food, Nice restaurant and awesome hospitality.. Not like other typical Indian Restaurant in the town..
Yup so I finally bit the bullet and went back to saffron. I drive by it so often I had to give them a chance. And this time they did not disappoint. I have to be honest and say I've been back a couple times but just to make sure that it is consistently good in order for me to finally upgrade my review. 

Looks like they listened and now have tandoori chicken all the time for the lunch buffet. The food has been great and you no longer have to worry about what time you're planning on going in. They seem to be cooking fresh good up until the end. All of the food here is usually pretty good. Not usually spicy but all the flavors are still there. And their garlic naan here is one of the best.

The service is really good everyone chips in to make sure the food stays full and your glass is never empty. I'm always seated quickly here and I have to say they've really stepped it up. 

I can now officially recommend this place again. Although it is still not my favorite, I love really spicy Indian food and they don't deliver that here, I will definitely hit this place for a quick Indian fix.
Back again for the lunch buffet... all chicken curries and no fish this time.. YES!!!!
I'm on my 3rd plate of food and slowly getting the itus.  Lol
If you don't know what itus is, google it. :-)
Saffron is a wonderful Indian restaurant. The ambiance is very elegant and warm; it makes you want to stay or get a drink at the nice bar. The buffet, and let's face it buffets are why we eat Indian in the first place, was well stocked with a variety of delicious, perfectly spiced dishes. The nan bread was some of the best I've had, just light enough but very filling.
The food was decent and the garlic naan was great.  

My main problem was with the service.  During the lunch hour, there were few people restaurant.  Despite the small crowd, the server was inattentive.  

The biggest problem came at the end of the meal.  Our party had a gift certificate from restaurant.com for 25 dollars.  Saffron refused to honor the gift certificate and claimed that the gift cards from restaurant.com could only be used at night.  I asked the server where on the website and on the gift card the restriction was located, and he could not point out the clause.  

To those in my party, it felt like the Saffron pulled a bait and switch.  It left all of us feeling disappointed.
Tried saffron twice, they have a few vegan items and the staff was great letting us know which items were safe for us. On our first visit the food was much better than the second. Our last meal tasted burnt, Bhindi Masala (okra).  While the okra was not overdone, the spices were terrible. Our other dish tasted chalky, much like my failed attempts to make curries using powder at home. Food was also very greasy, but that is expected with many Indian dishes. 

Might give the another try when I visit LV again, my mother likes her chicken dishes so would likely go back.
Delicious food and friendly staff. The first time I went I was afraid of what it would be like since it's very hidden and not too busy but, nevertheless, it was amazing!!!! Everything on their menu is great. Cheese naan is a MUST!
My girlfriends and I go out once a week to different restaurants and we decided to give this place a shot. 
I must say I really enjoyed it. It wasn't too busy so we were seated immediately. The food was delicious and the portion sizes were sizable. I was able to take some home which was great! 
The dinners do not come with naan which was surprising so I ordered garlic and cheese naan for the table and I was MORE than happy to pay extra, it was wonderful!
Give this place a try, youll enjoy it.
This place is great... Especially for dinner. The food is authentic, the service is very personal, and atmosphere is great. However, I would not suggest going for the lunch buffet. I have been a few times and was disappointed. The best time to go is definitely for dinner.  You will not be disappointed...
Good food!  I've only been for the lunch buffet, but everything they had was amazing!  You have the option of plain or garlic naan with the buffet, the garlic naan is delicious.  Great service, even though we had a carafe of water on our table, the waiter would still come by to fill our glasses while we were talking or getting food.  We didn't have any problems with buffet selections running out or anything like that, as is mentioned in other reviews.  I'll definitely be back!
Amazing friendly staff, very clean... and the food was amazing!!! I cant say Ive ever had such great Indian food!! far from my house, but definitely worth the drive!!!
Delicious!  Onion Baji is out of this world, veggie korma is my favorite.  Sauces are rich and plentiful.  Portions are generous and filling.  Owner and chef insist of higher quality foods and drinks.  The only downside is that the service lacked regarding refilling water and drinks.  My mouth was on fire and I mostly had an empty water glass next to me for the meal.  Overall, I would highly recommend this for someone who enjoys, clean, affordable, and tasty Indian food from the NORTHERN region.
I would say that Indian is one of my cuisine types where I am extremely picky and exacting. There are no many examples of tandoori spices and curries which seen hastily thrown together. In las Vegas there are no shortage of these types. Saffron unfortunately falls into this category. Everything was okay, hence the three star review, but really nothing stood out. Something like the tandoori chicken were very good, while the curries were thin and only mildly flavorful. 

I'm not sure I will come back. It is only blocks away from my house so I may give it a try again when I get the Indian craving. I would recommend Mt Everest on Sahara or Mozen at Mandarin oriental for top quality Indian in the city.
My friends and I enjoyed every dish that was ordered. The garlic naan was amazing! Will definitely be back.
We enjoyed the butter chicken which turned out to be our favorite.  The chicken tika masala was also good.  Had the garlic naan bread but wasn't very much garlic.  The place was busy but well staffed.  Bar tender was inviting when we walked in the door.  Located in an unsuspecting strip mall right off 95 and Craig Rd.  I would definitely come back and try more again.
Here we go again...

This place has AWESOME Garlic Naan.

As of late, I haven't been yelping a lot but with this trend of hitting an Indian lunch buffet every week, I feel the need to share.

***THIS IS ONLY A LUNCH BUFFET REVIEW***

After a disappointing experience last week at a different establishment (that we drove halfway across the city for) I'm glad to write a review about the place closest to where I live.

Saffron Flavors of India has a good lunch buffet.  

Let me explain...

First off, the service is great.  The staff is attentive and friendly. :)  Always nice to see GREAT service from anyone in this town.

Secondly, the food selection was good and the items themselves were fresh, not dried out (like some tandoori chicken at other establishments) and the Garlic Naan is AWESOME.  

Last, the place is clean.  There's really something to be said for this.  I've been to some other places and the glasses (or the water) are cloudy, or the buffet itself isn't appealing due to spilled items next to the buffet or on the floor, etc.  While this may not be the biggest place or have the biggest selection of items, the place is CLEAN and well organized. :)

Now with those things said, I'm sure there are those of you who may be thinking, "Hey, I read a few other reviews and they mentioned that there weren't that many items on the lunch buffet."  I sort of agree...  Then again, consider that the items they have available are not always the same items day in and day out and that the things that are on the buffet have great flavor.  It's $11.99 for the lunch buffet.  It's not some huge dinner feast, and it's not $49.95.  $11.99 will get you a sandwich and a drink at the place across the street and this is a MUCH better option for the same money.  Also, if you were thinking about it, since I mentioned sandwiches, the bread here...the Garlic Naan...is REALLY GOOD. ;)

I really need to come here for dinner.  I'm sure it's probably just as good if not better than their lunch buffet. 

As for the price, $11.99 is fine.  We're in Vegas and typically anything WORTH anything is $20.  If it's $11.99 and it comes with great service...  Well, there ya go!

Honestly, I'd probably pay $11.99 for a few baskets of their Garlic Naan. :)
I have been here twice to make sure it wasn't a fluke. This place is behind a McDonalds and in a business type building but don't be fooled.  It has a great staff and it's one of the more elegant Indian places I've been to. Most are somewhat eclectic. The food I can only say I've tried 3 things. The shrimp and rice. Non spicy. Very flavorful and moist. both times. The garlic nan. A must. It's not too garlicy. Vegie samosa with dips. These were not greasy at all. They were not dry whatsoever. I will take my picky ass husband next time and make him eat here. And he will like it!
Where do I begin? This is by far the best Indian Restaurant I have ever been to. I've long been a fan of Indian cusine but was weary about my boyfriend testing it out. I need not have worried though because I think he might have enjoyed it more than I did. The food was the best I've ever had, and the service was great. The dining room was a little warm, but it was beautifully decorated and had a nice atmosphere. I cannot wait till our next visit to Vegas because this will be our first meal. It's a nice escape from the strip but isn't inconveniently out of the way. Parking is easily accessible and it is located in a safe area.
We love Saffron!  Best Indian food in Vegas.
My friends and I went to Saffron on a Friday evening and we were the first ones there as the restaurant does not open for dinner until 5:00pm. This was nice because we were able to take in the ambiance of warm tones and seating options. As more people began to arrive, I was grateful they seated the families with children in the back area, while seating the after work crowd with drinks in the front. 

I ordered the Vegetable Korma (heat option of 6) and garlic naan. I enjoy spicy food, so the Vegetable Korma was a good balance of spice and creamy coconut sauce. However, my friends who are meat eaters, ordered the Mixed Saffron platter and shrimp masala  thought the heat option of 4 was more than enough.  The paneer in the korma had an excellent flavor and I cannot wait to try other dishes with it on my next visit. As other reviews have stated, the garlic naan is amazing. The garlic had a fresh flavor and the bread was perfect for scooping the korma. 

For dessert, we ordered the galub jamun. You will get three "honey balls in rose syrup" and they are quite tasty. The perfect end to a great meal. 

As a suggestion, if you are going with a group of 4 or more, you will be fine ordering a few dishes and sharing them family style. With 3 dishes, two orders of garlic naan, two orders of  rice, and two orders of galub jamun, there was more than enough food for the 4 of us and we even took some home.
Went there for lunch to try the buffet and the food tasted amazing.  My only complaint was that they could not keep the food on the line.  I had very little of what they had to offer the first go round, and even less was available the second time up.  So, i think next time I'll just order off them menu.
I would totally recommend this restaurant. The ambiance is nice, the service was good and the food is excellent. 

However, the food portions are a little small. If you plan on sharing order a few plates. If you cannot make up your mind I would recommend the mixed platter which was delicious. It includes a bit of everything, chicken, lamb, shrimp and pork. 

Also the spice is very hot. So if you dont like heat make sure you get it at a 0 or 1.
This place has decent food, but is WAY TOO OVER PRICED. $15 - 20 per plate for mostly masala and no meat, unacceptable. Sad cause the food isn't bad. Also the wait staff is condescending and not attentive. Beware you walk in with 2 adult and 4 kids they are going to consider you a party of 6+ and hit you with 18% gratuity. You've been warned.
Super spicy......!!! The food is delicious and the staff  are nice. When they ask you in a scale of one to ten how spicy....? Be careful if you go above five... It will be spicy! Great place for Veg and Vegans! The Saag Aloo is delicious!
This place is sensational.  I have been looking for good Indian cuisine near me, and this place hit the spot.  The atmosphere is nice and cozy.  The meats are cooked and spiced to perfection. The curry is everything you would hope and expect from good Indian cuisine.  My favorite dish that we ordered was the combination platter of meat, which included some of the better seasoned meats I've purchased in a very long time.  My only gripe is the portions in relation to the price. It is a little pricey for the small amount of food that you get.  If the portions got bigger or the price was reduced, I would be eating here very frequently.  As is, I don't feel like spending $40 on a meal for two all that often.
I tried this restaurant for the first time today and it is the best Indian food I have had in Las Vegas!!!

The prices are reasonable and the portions are a good size.

I would definitely recommend Saffron to anyone looking for a great Indian restaurant.
Our family was craving some Indian and this spot was well-reviewed and close to home.  

The decor was nice and the service was very good...but the food was unfortunately okay.

The samosas were good.  The tikka masala was good.  The tandoori chicken came out cold and undercooked.  Usually that dish comes out sizzling on the iron skillet...but we had to send ours back because it was cold.  

Perhaps the worst dish we had was the one part of Indian that we all love the most - the naan bread.  The naan here is thin and almost seems store bought.  

We may return for a quick Indian fix but this was certainly not our best experience eating Indian food.
Ok, I swear I have a serious food addiction. Its one of my favorite subjects to talk about on a daily basis. And I actually get a high from eating. But all foods are not the same. The feeling I get from one food may be far greater than that of a different food. Case in point, curry provides me with one of the strongest highs I know. But not all curries are created equal. A Thai curry is far different from the curries in an Indian restaurant. Either way curry is a comfort food to me. It is astounding how one meal can change ones mood so completely and curry fits that profile. Tonight I had a more mild curry at Saffron Flavors of India. More so I had a full experience featuring curry. I started with the complimentary papadan and two sauces of which I am not all too familiar but I am a fan of nonetheless. I also ordered a bottle of Taj Mahal pilsner style beer. For my entree I ordered butter chicken and a side of garlic naan. The naan was warm, chewey and perfect as always. It was the perfect accompanyment to the buttery rich chicken curry with a touch of tomato. The high from this meal was such that my eyes were half closed and I had a soft grin on my face during the entire meal. I was experiencing a sort of nirvana. And why stop there. I had my opener, my side, my entree and my drink all of Indian origin. It was time to round out the evening with dessert. I thought I should trybthe galub jaman. There were two fried dough balls served in a warm rose syrup and topped with what seemed to be dried coconut. It was very sweet but insanely delicious as everthing I had tonight was. This was one of the best meals I have had in a long time. This is the stuff dreams are made of. Maybe its just the beer talking. Nah.
This has to be the second best Indian restaurant in Vegas and there are probably a dozen of Indian restaurants. I hope this restaurant gets the recognition it serves. The food is fresh and the restraint is clean. They have a garlic cheese naan to die for and their chili paneer is amazing. I just hope this restaurant stays open because I only see two tables or three filled every time I go.
I just love this place. The food, the drinks, the staff...this makes me happy. Even when dining with friends, everybody walks away in a delicious food coma with leftovers. I suggest anything in their red curry paired with a Kingfisher beer.
Saffron Flavors of India is AMAZING!  This is the best Indian food!  Also this restaurant  is so clean and very special care is taken with the food.  The staff is so wonderful as well.  Simply put Saffron Flavors of India is simply the best!  I can't wait for the Curry Leaf to open up in downtown Las Vegas across from the container park.
These people know how to make great Indian food and are incredible restaurateurs
Racheal Martindale..
Legit Indian food right here!!!!

Located on West Craig and the 95, inside a tiny strip mall opposite the gas station. If you blink you'll miss it.

Legitimate indian food is hard to find in Las Vegas and if you do find half decent food it's usually some sort of infused restaurant that costs an arm and a leg that's not very good!!!!

After realizing Saffrons was closer than expected, I decided to give it a shot and wasn't disappointed!!!! Every time I have been here for lunch Buffet, dinner or picking up, the quality and standards of this business are 5 stars each and every time.

 My recommendations are the Rogan Ghosht, Lamb Vindaloo and the garlic Naan are all top shelf. The bar at the front of house is also not a bad little bar, with large LCD screen with whatever sport you want. Also it's a nice place  to knock back a kingfisher while waiting for friends. The service is also a fairly oiled machine. 

Decor is fairly simple and nothing outlandish that you come to expect from a lot of good five star places on the strip. 

I realize I'm pumping this business up, and I truly do believe its a 5 star indian restaurant. Indian restaurants are one of those hit or miss kinda places that can give you amazing quality or cardboard.... So until they start to pump out run of the mill stuff I'll keep it at 5 stars.

Overall 
Price: $$$ out of 5
Cleanliness: 4-5
Drink: 3-5 basic bar
Food: 5-5
Service: 5-5
Wonderfully flavored dishes. Prompt, friendly service. You'll want to order plenty so that you'll have enough to take home for leftovers the next day.  :)
Saffron Flavors of India is a rarity because so few Indian restaurants are located in Northwest Las Vegas. I've been to Saffron several times for the lunch buffet and during dinner, and have never been disappointed with the quality of the food. The lunch buffet is on the small side but is only $11.95 (drink included)! The buffet has plenty of option for vegetarians as well. I always order from the vegetarian menu during dinner, which has a wide array of options to choose from. I last ordered the Mattar Paneer, $14, a curry dish with peas and spices. You can customize your level of spiciness from a scale of 1 to 10. If you're not a fan of spicy foods, I'd recommend staying under a 5 for sure.

For a group of 4, we were immediately seated and shortly after provided with a pitcher of water with ice and what I can only describe as paper-like tortilla chips with two dipping sauces. The service is generally alright, but sometimes we've experienced servers disappearing on us and long wait times on refills. Otherwise, the servers are friendly and polite. If service was more attentive, I'd definitely give this place 5 stars. When our dinners arrived, the server placed a single petite rice plate for all four of us to share. That rice was gone in an instant and we had to order another rice bowl. Other than that small minor inconvenience, everyone loved their dinners.

I love the ambiance of the restaurant- it's decorated well and feels intimate. There's also Indian music playing in the background. Saffron is my favorite Indian restaurant and is close to home. More importantly, the food is amazing! My personal recommendations are the Garlic Naan ($3.50) and Vegetable Samosas ($5). I will definitely be back to get my next fix of Indian food.
1st time here. 1st time having Indian food.  I have to say I really enjoyed it.  We had fried cheese for appetizer. I had shrimp bayuri with rice. It was really good...all of it.  I will definitely return to try other options.  The service was great and the atmosphere was great as well. Very enjoyable experience for a rookie.
1st time here and 1st time trying Indian food.  It was a very pleasant experience. I really enjoyed the food, the service, and the atmosphere. It is tucked in a small strip mall behind the CVS on Craig rd right off the 95. Food was a little pricey but I have nothing to actually compare it to.  Had the fried cheese for appetizer,  shrimp bayuri for main course with garlic naan. Definitely will try again.
1st time here and 1st time having Indian food.  I have to say it was pretty good. Portions were decent size. Had the fried cheese for appetizer and shrimp bayuri for dinner. It was hot nd spicy, they let you choose your level of hotness.  Definitely worth going back. It was kinda hard to find. It is tucked behind the CVS in a strip mall off craig rd neaar 95. Atmosphere was great and service was too.
I've been too saffron quite a few times the staff are very pleasent the food is tasty the ambiance is relaxed i higly reccomend
Driving through LV after a long vacation we decided to end our vacation with some delicious Indian food. The lunch buffet was pretty good and for a decent price. We enjoyed the food and the service was great. The chicken was a little dry in one of the dishes but it was still delicious. We'll be back!
Great place! We have eaten here several times and have enjoyed it every time!! I love the chicken jalfrezi and garlic naan!
After hiking at Mount Charleston, four of us stopped here to try their lunch buffet.  One of our group has been here before and recommended it.  It was a good recommendation!

The buffet is small but is in the size range of others.  At $11.99, it's price is OK.  Not the cheapest, not the most expensive.  The restaurant is attractive with comfortable seating.  There is a separate section through which you enter where the bar is located.  The buffet is in an adjoining area out of view from the dining room.

There was a selection of salad, yogurt, chutney, and desserts at the beginning of the buffet.  After the initial bar, there were several chafing dishes with various foods.  I tried the chicken tikka masala, a curry chicken, dal makhani, onion pakora, and some fried chicken balls--the name of which I can't remember.  Accompanying this was basmati rice.  

For the most part, the dishes were good and flavorful.  The dal was bland.  It could have used some seasoning.  The chicken balls were tasty and different.  I should have gotten some chutney for that and the onion pakora but I failed to do so.  Next time.  One of our group noted that the chicken tandoori was dry.  I didn't try this but noted this for future reference.  I made a second trip to the buffet to get something sweet to offset my disposition.  I got one gulab jamun and it was very good.  It was quite soft, and it was not overly sweet.  A very nice ending to lunch.

Service was average.  We were there when the restaurant opened and it soon got busy but there were a couple of people working the small room.  When I went to get my gulab, my dirty plate was not removed.  Other than this, things went OK.

If I'm in the area, I'd certainly stop again.  It is in the middle tier of Indian buffets I've tried.  Since it's the closest place to where I live, I'll be back.  I wouldn't recommend coming from the other side of town for the buffet when there are other places just as good or better in the UNLV area.
This was a great find in Vegas. 
A friend recommended seek this place out and it was totally worth the drive. 
I shared a few of the curries with some garlic nan and spring rolls. All were very flavorful. 
The menu was expansive, inufing a few Indo-Chinese fusion dishes and a fair selection of vegetarian. 

If you are in Vegas and have a taste for Indian cuisine; you should stop here.
The muter paneer was a bit runny for me but tasted ok.  As main entree I had the karahi murghi keema massalla, which was good but not awesome.  It's somewhat odd to see only western dessert in the menu, but nevertheless the one I had (something with biscuit and ice cream) was excellent.  Will give a try again in the future.
Close to the Marriott, easy walking distance, but they deliver for anything over 12 pounds (order online!).  Food arrived fast and very hot!  Food was good quality for the price - spicy mushrooms were excellent!

http://www.abida-restaurant.co.uk/home
Indian food in North Scottsdale. Yea! Same corner as Mastro's and Walgreen's. 
I'm looking to go again, and see if they rate another star, after the start up issues dissolve. I ordered Garlic Naam bread and Chicken Tika Masala. Both very good and nicely presented. Prices are reasonable, for this neighborhood. Only open for dinner, and no weekend buffet is planned yet.
We were at the park behind Mastro's with the twins.  We decided to walk around this plaza to check out if there were any new places.  We saw this new Indian/Pakistani restaurant.  It looked really nice and I was not sure I wanted to subject them to my twins.  They are not bad, however they are two years old after all.  They were very nice and accommodating.  They were even gracious enough to remove the tablecloth.  My baby girl thinks she is a magician or something because she wants to pull tablecloths all the time.  We placed one order of Chicken Pakora for the twins.  I was not sure they would eat. Well, they gobbled it all up in seconds.  I couldn't believe it, so we placed a second order.  We also had the regular Naan and the Aloo Naan, both very yummy.  I had the samosas and my husband had the chicken karachi, very tasty.  We will be back it was a great experience.  I am so happy I don't have to travel miles and miles to find a great indian restaurant.
Nice people, great food.  A really nice white linen place.  Loved the chicken karachi, naan, samosas, chicken pakora.  Wife had a lovely red, I had a nice premium margarita.
Good food... worst service on earth.   Staff has no idea what is in their food.   Manager argued when we got bill with multiple errors.   Too bad we will never go back because of horible experience because food was pretty good.  Walked out shaking our heads at how poorly trained the staff is.
Went to this place on a Friday night.  It is relatively new so there weren't alot of people there but a decent enough crowd.  Decor was more like generic Italian restaurant than Indian, but again it's new.  The food was great.  Good Indian food in North Scottsdale - finally!!  We had the Lamb tandoori and Chicken curry and both were excellent.  Along with the garlic naan we ate every bite.  The wine list was a bit short and unimaginative, and you couldn't really order side dishes of many things like paneer and such, but perhaps these will evolve.  We'll definately be back!!
Excellent Indian food, very fresh and subtley spiced and cooked, much better than most. Relaxed and upscale atmosphere, pretty busy on a Wed night, highly recommended
Went there last night with a group. Everyone really liked the food and the service was excellent. We shared 5 different dishes. The lamb masala was particularly good, as was the tandoor chicken tikka.  This is the best Indian food we have found in the valley (our group has been to many Indian restaurants in England, Canada and elsewhere). The decor is a little plain, but is clean and new.
Second try for AL Hamra and again we really liked it.  Great flavors, lots of spice.  I'd agree with a previous poster that there is alot of sauce for a relatively small amount of meet, but the sauce is soooo good all you need is a little more rice or naan and you are good to go!

This time tried the samoas - deep fried so not my favorite, like the m baked better.  Also the Lamb Byrini was just OK, the rice was  a little greasy for my taste.  However the chicken curry and Paneer tilkka masala were spot on and very delicious.  Plus some ofhte best garlic naan I've ever had.

We'll definately go backand it is nice to have some good ethnic alternatives in the far North Valley.
Nice meal and good service
Very good Indian food.  This is what Scottsdale is lacking.  Slightly pricey and they charge for some of the extras you get for free at other Indian restaurants.  But overall very very good.  Highly recommended.
I have been twice. The first time was during their pre-grand opening and the food was good. I went back again last week. The food was fantastic. I eat home cooked indian vegetarian food couple times a week so I'm picky. The vegi dishes were twice as good as any other indian place in AZ. The price is higher, but reasonable for the location. The roti and naan is also very good.
Was just in AZ for vacation with my mom and went here after purchasing a restaurant.com gift certificate. We thoroughly enjoyed it. 

Location seems off the beaten path-at least for us tourists staying in north phoenix. Definitely hard to find in the dark- thank God for gps! 

We went on a Sunday night- place was fairly dead. I think there were only 2 other tables dining while we were there. It is a fairly large restaurant-esp for being in a shopping center. 

We ordered the samosas, regular naan, chicken Lorna for me and coconut chicken for my mom. The samosas and naan were the best I had ever had. The naan was super light, fluffy and warm. The samosas had a nice crunchy outside- not soggy and chewy like at a lot of other Indian restaurants. The chicken was cooked perfectly- very tender and sauce had a lot of flavor. I've dined at several Indian restaurants (in Boston primarily) and this was my favorite. My mom had only had Indian once before (with me in Boston) and she didn't care for it so she was hesitant to try it again but she really liked it. Although neither of us were starving when we got there, I still think the portions were enough for 2 meals. 

Our waitress was quiet and shy to start but warmed up after awhile. We ended up really liking her- she was quite friendly. I don't recall her name but she was from Serbia. 

Would definitely recommend this place.
Fabulous food! I had the chicken tikka masala and my mom had the lamb korma.  I went "not so hungry" but cleaned my whole plate! Service was very friendly. We took the take out menus home, as this would be a perfect alternative to the usual rotisserie chicken or chinese take out!
North Scottsdale has needed a good Indian restaurant since I moved here twelve years ago.  My wife and I dined at Al Hamra a couple of days ago and can report that our demand has at last been met.

  Seeing a vindaloo on the menu had me correctly guess that the chef had arrived in the USA via Britain, which has a long history of Indian cuisine.  We started with samosas after which I had the lamb vindaloo and my wife tried the chicken korma, all very good.  For dessert, we were presented with a complimentary rice pudding, also good.

Prices are in line with the location - expect to pay a bit more here in the pricey North Scottsdale location.  Decor was a bit nondescript - really very little Indian character and in my opinion needs a bit more attention to set the tone of the place.
Nearly full restaurant on my visit.  Very polite service.  They take their heat seriously, as the mint chutney was a solid 7 on a scale of 1-10.  Saag and Chana Masala were flavorful and good portions.  Plain Naan is the winner on the bread menu, for price and taste.  Didn't care for the garlic naan so much.

Restaurant is tucked behind two other restaurants, a Lamp Pizza place and a Bistro.  Easy to miss.

Prices are insanely steep and beyond the norm for this area.  Entrees include "premium" rice.  

Dinner only.
Friendly service and comfortable setting.  Hasn't been crowded on any of our three visits during past month.  Consistently good food and value for the price.   We appreciate the diversity it has helped add to the Pinnacle Peak restaurant scene.  We will keep coming back.
Great high-end indian restaurant in the Phoenix / Scottsdale area.  Expect to pay more for the location.  Order the tandoori chicken and anything vindaloo.  Dishes are pricey but good.  Service is great especially from the cute eastern european waitress (?).  Stay away if you are really hungry and on a budget.
I learned to love Indian when I loved in London for 10 years.  This place is a train wreck.  It is ABV:   Appallingly Bad Value.  Over 
priced ( they even charge for papadoms!), horriible service and decidedly marginal food.  

We were a party of three.  Only two other tables were occupied when we arrived, although it was almost full when we left.  45 minutes after we ordered the waitress brought our rice.  5 minutes  later, the first entree arrived; ten minutes later, the second arrived: 5 minutes later, the third!  

I ordered lamb vindaloo.  Now vindaloo, by definition, when authentic, is so hot it will take off the top of your head.  But I get it; this is Arizona, were veal is exotic, and so I was not surprised to be asked how spicy I wanted it, on a 1 to 10 scale.  I asked for 8.  The dish I got was a "1" at best.  No spice at all!  the rest of the food was mediocre as well.  and this place is expensive.  Caveat emptor.
We have been looking for a good Indian restaurant in Phoenix/Scottsdale.  Thus far we have been disappointed at the quality.  Al Hamra was a complete delight.  Lovely, simple, clean decor.  Polite service.  AND the food was delish.  So often I find Indian food is swimming in oil.  We had an eggplant curry and a chana massala and both were wonderful.  Their papadum and naan (especially) were wonderful.  If you are vegan or vegetarian and want a NICE meal, I would highly recommend this restaurant.  They can make your food spicey or mild.  And, if you have meat-eating friends there are many, many excellent selections.  So nice to eat in a civilized restaurant that offers tasty, well-prepared food at reasonable prices.
Delightful restaurant!  Had the lamb sagg (4.5 heat) and my daughter had the chicken tiki marsala (6 heat). We both enjoyed the selection and appreciated the free appetizer with sauce (7 heat) to know how to gauge the heat index. The garlic naan was outstanding! And our server was friendly and helpful. Will definitely be back!!
Oh Al Hamra, i love your chicken tikka masala and naan like no other. The service is wonderful and the decor delightful, and the wine list extensive, but please....forbthe love of god....play some music.  It is so quite in there that the other patrons discussions, clear across the room seem loud and distracting.  They need music to create ambience and privacy. Its almost akward.
Great food here.  I will say its a little pricey but I guess on par for the location.  I will defiantly be back.
I've been to this place twice now, and it does not disappoint. Everything I've had (mostly the lamb dishes) has been incredibly tasty and tender. 

The staff at Al Hamra are very nice and attentive. They make good recommendations and don't hover over you as you eat. The decor is nice. Fairly standard, but not down-market by any means, after all, it is in a decent area surrounded by high-income rooftops. 

The only problem I have is I wish more people would go. I've only been on weeknights so I can't speak to the (hopefully busy) weekend crowd, but this place could use a couple more people discovering it and becoming loyal customers. It is pricey, which may be a result of the location, but it's better than most other Indian places I've been. 

Give it a shot and you won't be disappointed.
That really good Indian restaurant in the Phoenix area has eluded us - we've tried at least 10 that were supposed to be "it". So this time no one recommended Al Hamra - it's just been on my way home for as along as it's been open. It was worth stopping - very good lamb vindaloo (spice level 7 - packing some heat) and a variety of other dishes that we tried. My wife liked the samosa but I was thinking 'so so'. All in all the chef has a fine touch and the food is very solid and well above average, although a bit pricey (as you might expect for the location). Most of the recommendations by others seem spot on. Recommended.
Stoped by on Sunday night, only two tables in the place- bad sign. Harried & fustrated waitress- ordered a beer- out of stock, second choise out of stock
asked for Chutney out of stock, ordered lamb kebob out of stock! I am seeing a trend here....

Had three entrees they were ok- I really wish there was a great indian place in Scottsdale- any recommendations?

give Al Ham
ra a skip
My boyfriend and I frequent this little Indian restaraunt often.  The wait staff is always  super helpful when we want to try new items and are all very kind.  Try their Fish Coconut we can't get enough of it!!  Their Naan with chicken is also a crowd favorite.
This  is hands down one of the nicer looking Indian restaurants in the city. Located in a very upscale part of town , it keeps up by having very good ambience and very professional service. All this comes at a price. Literally. This is also one of the priciest Indian restaurants in the city. The food by that standard not the most amazing i have ever eaten. The food is satisfactory though. I had the lamb biryani and the chicken makhani which were both done good. So come here for a fancy night out when you are prepared to pay more for a decent meal. 
If , however, all you are craving for is good old indian cuisine and do not want to burn a hole in your pocket, there are plenty of other alternatives in the city.
Easily our fave Indian joint in town, deep rooted spices, never disappointed with any of the curries, samosas are divine and naan done right. A must try for all Indian cuisine lovers!
Palak Paneer and Benghan Bartha were wayyy too salty for anyone's taste. Not sure if it was MSG or salt but it left us feeling a little ill after dinner and we could barely eat any of it.  The garlic naan was delicious and the rice was good. The waitress seemed hurried and not as hospitable as one would expect.
This is a great restaurant and I don't understand why it isn't busier. The location is great being just off of Pinnacle Peak and Pima Rd. Unlike many Indian restaurants the decor, crystal, plates, silverware are really nice and elegant. They have lovely indoor and outdoor dining options.

The cuisine is simply outstanding. The quality of the sauces, meats, vegetables is top notch. Our waitress was delightful and the owner/manager came to our table and he was very nice and knowledgeable about his cuisine and Indian cuisine in general.

This place has to catch on because I get the feeling that if it started getting packed, it would be one of the more popular restaurants in Northern Scottsdale. We will be regulars.
Disappointed on Valentine's Day, what a bummer.  Have been wanting to try this place for a year, we drive by it on the way home every day.  My wife found a Groupon deal, so we bought, followed the Groupon instructions (M-Th only), only to be told after our meal that they would not honor the Groupon.

Aside from the Groupon mess, the service was extremely slow.  The food, while tasty, was way overpriced for what we've found elsewhere in Phoenix.  Restaurant is nice enough, tablecloths, good silverware, and our waiter was working really hard.  Unfortunately, there were way too many tables trying to be served by one guy.

I won't mention alternatives here, but we have found a wonderful, affordable vegetarian Indian restaurant in town. $15 for a vegetable curry dish is a bit much, even if it is N Scottsdale.

Maybe it was because of Valentine's Day, but no Indian families in the place.  The other place we love is always full of Indian families. Kinda tells me something...
Horrible service! We had to wait 40 minutes for the waiter to acknowledge us. The food is ok
We had dinner here the other night and really enjoyed ourselves.  The food was very good and the service was excellent.  

Have not had much luck with Indian restaurant.  This was a very welcome surprise.
We eat here pretty regularly -- the food is consistently good and there are a good variety of options covering many regional dishes, including many great vegetarian options as you would expect for Indian fare.  I've been to India and Indian enclaves throughout Asia, and the food is consistent with the real thing.  The heat/spiciness is also consistent with how they serve it in India (i.e. hot is HOT) -- they ask for your your heat preference, so for your first visit you may want to dial it back a notch from what you might normally request locally.

The place is big and clean and bright, but as others note there's not a ton of character.  Service is friendly, and we come enough that they recognize us and welcome us back.  As some have noted it can be a bit slow at times (not always), but I think it's consistent with the food being prepped fresh to order.
Full disclosure: I was born and raised in the sub-continent so my expectations are quite different from the average Joe who's view of authentic Mexican food isTaco Bell or of authentic Italian pizza is Pizza Hut. I provide these qualifications because my comments may be from a very different perspective. For American Indian food it's okay. For the real old country food it deserves no more than a 1 star. S that's the story.
We just returned from dining at Al Hamra with friends and had to comment on the great meal and service we had.  Mario, our waiter, was knowledgeable and friendly.  Our orders came promptly and all were excellent.  We ordered the samosas and onion paneer for appetizers.  We had the shrimp vindaloo, the chicken with coconut, the chicken curry and the eggplant dish along with aloo naan and mango chutney.  All had the right amount of spice as ordered and were tender and very tasty.  It's been several years since we dined at Al Hamra but we will definitely go back.
No lack of flavors at this restaurant. 
The naan was some of the best I've ever had. 
Other notables were the Bhindi Masala, Palak Paneer, and Aloo Ghobi.
The Tandoori meats were delicious. All items are cooked to your spice level, we chose four and that was plenty.

Halfway through dinner, I shifted into sport-eating mode and got myself one helluva tummy ache on the drive home, it was that good.

I'm paying for it today. 
Well, not really. 
My wife is.
Lamb Korma and garlic Naan were the best I have ever tried! Food has it is unique flavor and by far, the best indian food I ever had.
Superb Mughal classics, served with great style in a gentle and relaxing atmosphere.  Great wine list, too, which Indian restaurants often lack.  Prices are higher than most neighborhood curry houses, but the quality of the ingredients is definitely worth the splurge if you truly love this cuisine.  A great place!
This place was fantastic! We had great service. The waiter was very helpful and friendly. He made great recommendations too. I had the lamb vindaloo and my husband had the chicken tiki masala. Both were very tasty. We will be returning soon.
The food here is great, very authentic.  The service however is horrible.  Two of us ate here on a Saturday night, there were only two other tables and two waitresses, they both should be working somewhere else, preferably where they don't have contact with other people, their skills were really lacking for a hospitality business.
I hadn't had Indian food in years and a group of us decided to make it our ethnic food choice for our get together.  I read the yelp reviews and we all went.  I can tell you it was all everyone said and more! The food, the friendly service and the very nice restaurant owner made our experience one to remember! The Chicken tiki masala, Samosas, lamb vindaloo and everything else was full of flavor and delicious! The Naan was to due for too. This is a place to put on your favorites list!
Al Hamra is a nice Indian food restaurant.  That sounds like a pretty basic statement but that's kind of the point.  My experience was not remotely bad nor was it remarkable.  Our waitress was attentive and friendly and I would give it four stars if it wasn't for the fact that one of the dishes we ordered was a lamb dish that was overcooked, but I took them home for leftovers and it was oddly better.  

We got Chicken Tikka Masala, Garlic Naan, and Lamb chops.  Chicken Tikka was exactly as I hoped and the Garlic Naan was perfect.  It was flavorful and on par with what Ive had at other establishments closer to home.   I wouldn't order the lamb chops again but id order curry dishes without any hesitation and be confident that they are good.  The lamb chops however as i said previously were overcooked.  

If you are in the area than I would recommend trying it out.  Its a great looking place with great staff but unfortunately is hidden in the mastros complex so deep that its more word of mouth than anything else.  You certainly wouldn't drive by and know its there.  It is however absolutely worth trying if you have a craving for Indian food.
"Excellent: really good Indian food". I am non-Indian but fan of any type of curries, I have tried almost all the Indian restaurants in Las Vegas, but this one has the most different and authentic tasting Indian food. They have really good biryani and chicken curries. Plus point is that it is in Henderson. I had food there last year but it wasn't good so I stopped going there, but I think the owners have been changed and they have created this into a very nice atmosphere with friendly staff. I am happy that I don't have to go far for great tasting Indian food anymore. I recommend taking your guests to this place.
To be perfectly honest, I was slightly disappointed. Call me obsessed, but I came in fully expecting to see murgh makhani in one of the lunch buffet trays. Unfortunately, all I saw was its boring cousin - chicken tikka masala.

On the bright side, the absence of my favorite dish caused me to try a lot more than I usually do. I was happy to see goat curry and it was pretty good. The other dish that stood out for me was the mutter paneer. I didn't care for the cheese, but I enjoyed the peas and the curry was a decent dipping sauce for the garlic naan (this is where murgh makhani excels IMHO).

Incidentally, I did see murgh makhani on the menu, so they definitely serve it. I just wish it was in the lunch buffet like at Namaste. For that silly reason, I give the edge to Namaste, but Taj Palace is still A-OK.
Update: Still no Butter Chicken in the lunch buffet :/

However, I did find a new item that I enjoyed quite a bit - Methi Chicken. The sign says the dish contains spinach. If that's true, then it's not Methi Chicken. Maybe they just figure it's easier to write "spinach" than to explain what "methi" is. In any case, it was good.

I've also discovered Kheer. It's an Indian rice pudding finished with nuts, raisins, and cardamom. For some reason, I've never had this dessert before, but it is absolutely delicious.

Despite Butter Chicken still being MIA, I think a star upgrade is in order.
So someone would call me crazy for yelping this place again and I usually don't even Yelp.  I was craving their food again so had to make another trip there.

I really had a great experience and this time I went with my guests and they loved it as well. 

41/2 stars this time because I know the staff is really friendly but I think the person who takes the order just need to speak up a little bit. He speaks so softly that I have hard time understanding so I am just hoping for an enthusiastic person to take my order next time. 

I would go again to eat :)
Went there today and let me tell you that's one amazing buffet they have or I should say the best Indian buffet in town. I have no idea how they are surviving over 30 items for just $9.99. Had a chat with the Chef and he knows what he is talking about especially when it comes to food he is one knowledgeable person. Over all awesome place to go for buffet. I am going there for dinner tommorow with bunch of friends and looking forward to it (bit excited) long story short best Indian food in whole Las Vegas hands down.
Henderson finally has a good Indian restaurant--great food with a friendly staff.  It very much beats the long drive to its best competitors in tough parts of town.  We've tried the buffet three times and plan on returning about every other week.
I really liked this place a lot.  I am a little scared of Indian food, because not sure exactly what I am ordering.  The waiter was really nice and explained everything, without being sarcastic.  We ordered a couple of things, that was good, but next time, their medium will defintely not be okay.  Very hot for me.  I think mild next time is the key.  I love spicy food but am used to the asian spicy so this was a little much for me.  I will pass on the app platter too, and go straight for the samosas, which were so good.  The only thing that kinda sucked for me that it closed between lunch and dinner for a couple hours...whats up with that.  Aren't we still a 24 hour town.  Lunch and dinner hours...what is that???  Oh and excellent mango lassies...
Tried their lunch buffet today and thought it was pretty good.
The upside: they have a variety of dishes and choices for vegetarians:
Yellow dal(they had a name for this dish but I forgot)-It was yellow lentils and squash with tamarind and spices...really really yummy. I had 2 helpings
Palak paneer-spinach and cottage cheese-very good. its a bit spicy though. I love spicy food and found it a little extra spicy.
potato and peas-good
chana masala-good but very oily
bhindi-was ok. (i make bhindi better;)
pakora-I had one and thought it was too much oil. tasted ok
they had a couple of more vegetarian dishes(I think 6 in all) and 4 chicken/lamb dishes and rice that I did not try. Was told that they were quite good.
I also tried the mango chutney and coriander chutney which tasted great. They had several more condiments available. The raita/yogurt with cucumber tasted good too.
The server brought water and asked us what kind of naan we wanted. Unfortunately they did not have tandoori roti which is a healthier bread but who am I kidding(there's nothing healthy about the meal. Well, with the exception of the salad, spinach and  yogurt I guess:)
We got naan - and it was good. It had a generous helping of butter so we requested one without and he brought it out quickly. The naan was crisp, fresh and tasted amazing!
The restaurant was quite busy but the server did a good job keeping our glasses filled with water and asking if we needed anything else.
Its definitely one of the better Indian meals I've had here in Vegas.
I enjoyed the food here and the servers were very nice. We had the chicken tiki masala and lamb vindaloo, both were good. The naan with the onions were delicious but the onion bhajis was not that great. I'd go back because it's local, nothing really wowed me.
Personally, it's the best Indian food I have ever experienced. My friend, whom I dined with lived in London when she was younger and enjoyed a lot of fantastic Indian food while she was there. She also quite enjoyed it. We had veggie samosa, and chile naan with chicken Tikka marsala. 

The staff was really accommodating and were very helpful. I will say that we ordered medium heat and it was almost too hot at times. We agreed to level 5 heat, loved it but will probably go with 4 or 3 next time...lol. Anyhow, we will be back for the lunch buffet.
After a fabulous experience at another Indian buffet in town, my sister and I were very excited to try this place. It is located next to one of our fave thai places close to our house. :D We were not disappointed. 

We came a half an hour before the lunch buffet ended, I recommend getting there a bit earlier because they seriously start to remove food at three on the dot. 

The naan was fresh and delicious, the sweet rice was yummy and the tikka masala was to die for. I could just eat the sauce on rice and live happily ever after. Wonderful cucumber/yogurt sauce and I don't know what kind of crack they put into the rice pudding with slivered nuts but it was addictive. I wanted to take the steam tray full and run out of the door. 

Good service besides feeling rushed to finish when it hit three, and we will definitely go here again.
I got the mixed grill. The lamb and shrimp were overcooked and dry, but everything else was very good. The fact that there are no other good Indian restaurants in Henderson/Green Valley makes this an easy choice to return. The service was very good, the prices were fair, and overall, the food was delicious
Seven days a week, 11-3, Taj Palace has a lunch buffet for $9.99.  Located in the the shopping center on Eastern and Richmar, this new Indian restaurant is rich in decor and cuisine. The hand painted tapestry style wall mural, lantern style light fixtures, and open lighting gives a bright look that most Indian places lack. The service was the best I have had in a long time. As we sat ourselves, the waiter came over to ask what kind of naan we would like and filled our water glasses. Throughout the meal, our dirty plates never stayed on the table for more than 5 minutes, if even that long. Water glasses were promptly refilled at the half way mark as well. 

The food was consistent. I found that I did not hate anything, but the tandoori chicken was dry. The garlic naan is amazing. When brought out, it was piping hot and topped with a copious amount of garlic. The line had two different kinds of rice; basmati and a vegetable biryani. They also had somosas that were tasty. The saag (spinach) here was delicious, but did not have the paneer (handmade cheese). The other non-meat dish I really liked was the veggies in the yellow curry. For those who love their meat, do not fret, because Taj Palace offer some dishes for the carnivores as well. The chicken tikka masala was creamy and possessed a deep, rich flavor. The goat curry was tender and not gamey.
Do not forget to get a bowl of the kheer (rice pudding) before leaving. Taj Palace's version is not too sweet and has cashews for a nice crunch. It was the perfect end to a great meal.
I have to admit I was hesitant to try Indian food with their bold spices and rich flavors but now I could kick myself for waiting sooo long. This is now my second trip to Taj Palace for their lunch buffet and I'm in love! All their dishes are rich in flavor and oh so good. I have not tried any other places in town so I have nothing to compare to but at this rate who cares, I love having them so close to my house. My first visit there I fell in love with a carrot pudding with it's sweet texture and shredded bits of carrot, it is perfection on my spoon. So I was disappointed that they didn't have it out this time when I came in since I had been craving it for 2 weeks. When the waiter came by to see how our meals were I sadly told him how much I loved their carrot dish and how much I'd been craving it. He smiled and said yes it is good isn't it and walked away. After devouring all their other yummy vegetarian dishes plus the oh so scrumptious, piping hot naan bread, I almost choked back my mouth of food in surprise to see the waiter carrying out a bowl full of my carrot dish to the table!!! I couldn't believe how awesome and attentive he was. That's what I call service ;D at that point I had already overeaten and could not take more than 2 bites so I kindly asked for a take home box ashamed to waste such perfection. 
I'm glad my taste buds have finally matured to try the wonderful new cultural flavors I've introduced them too. LOL 
I can't wait to go back and I recommend this place to everyone I know!!!!
I had high hopes Taj Palace but should have known that this place is destined to be another flop in the bucket of sub par Indian restaurants in Las Vegas. My family and I had dinner here last night. We ordered several different naans, rotis, and kulchas. The naans were undercooked and you could pull at the doughy centers. The rotis were too thick and you couldn't tell them apart from the naan. We ordered chicken kadai and butter chicken. Both dishes are rich but the oil floating on top of the chicken kadai was just gross. The chicken pieces in the murgh makani (butter chicken) were strange bits with tiny bones. I was hoping for good quality white chicken breast. We also ordered a shrimp dish but all you could taste was the tomato base. It lacked the spicy kick we were looking forward to. On the other hand, the servers were very polite and friendly. The ambiance could use improvement. I'm all about energy efficient lighting, but the white lights gave the place a cafeteria-like feel. 
How much longer do we have to wait before we can get the quality Indian food of cities like Chicago, NY and LA?
We are so thrilled to have excellent Indian food so close to home! I can't believe we didn't try it sooner.  We loved the Menu with all the many items not found in every Indian restaurant.  I love hot, spicy Vindaloo sauce, which was cooked to perfection in their Lamb Vindaloo.  My husband had the Lamb Madras, not quite so hot, also cooked to perfection.  The accompaniments of Basmati rice and Naan bread, along with delicious Mango Chutney and cool, refreshing cucumber Raita more than our expectations.  The service was great and the ambiance as well.  The best part was, we had leftovers for lunch the next day! Next we will try their lunch Buffet. We will highly recommend it to all lovers of Indian Cuisine as well as novices who want to try something to really treat their palate, especially lovers of spicy, hot food, like myself. 
Their offer of Dine-In and Carry-Out, as well as Catering makes it complete!
Excellent Indian Restaurant. Food was really good, and so was the service and atmosphere. I love that you could choose the spicy level from 1 to 10, I mean it's Indian food so that's a major factor. I went with 9 on the spicy scale and it was deliciously spicy. I highly recommend trying this place.
I was really hesitant reviewing an indian restaurant. Since living in LV for 3 years I had pretty much resigned myself to the idea that indian restaurants were just mediocre. Taj Palace completely changed my idea and I think it's the best place for real (i.e. not covered in oil and cream) indian food. My hubby and I have been here a few times, and even brought other friends out here who loved it! Firstly, the food is really fresh which is important. The pieces of meat they serve are big cubes, the flavors are bold and remind me of how my family cooks. We've tried their lunch buffet which has a really big variety of veg and non-veg food, I love that they bring fresh naan to your table! I have to say that we tried their veg samosa  and it was one of the best we've ever had, crispy on the outside and piping hot on the inside. I think i even dreamed about their mango lassi, it's so good. We've tried a variety of their chicken dishes and while they do an amazing murgh makani (butter chicken) last night we tried their chicken kadai (chicken with green peppers and onions) and my hubby LOVED it! I was craving aloo parantha (a bread stuffed with potatoes and peas)  and saag paneer (spinach and cheese cubes) and it blew me away. In fact, the food is even better the next day!  The service is amazing, and everyone is really nice. They remember us from previous visits and that makes it more special when we eat there. Unlike other indian restaurants where we've waited 10-15 minutes to even get water, here they serve you drinks immediately. Also, I would give them an extra star because they are one of the few indian places that serve ras malai which is hands down my favorite dessert in the world. And it was soft and perfect and delicious, I didn't even share it! All in all, we'll be regulars here for a long time!
Great service, very flavorful, authentic (of course) yummy dishes, huge menu. I'll be trying the lunch buffet as soon as I'm in that area of town during noon. Happy to give Taj five stars.
Decided to try this place due to a restaurant.com gift certificate and we are completely glad we did.

We ordered the Tandoori Jhinga (shrimp), chicken tikka masala, one regular naan, one garlic naan, and a mango lassi.

Everything was great! Chicken tikka masala was spiced just right (..I think we could've handled a bit more spiciness) and shrimp tandoori was yummy. Garlic naan was a bit overcooked so we ordered a regular naan, which was just right. 

The restaurant itself is in a great location, spacious, with nice ambience. 

Overall, I'm glad there's an Indian restaurant in the Silverado area definitely worth a repeat visit :)
Best curry I've had in a really long time! I actually had a sit down dinner here as I'm not much for buffets.  It's a little pricey, but worth every penny. We had a tikka masala, lamb rojan josh, and the mattar paneer. Each dish was cooked to perfection and had its own flavor profile, like it's supposed to. So many curry houses seem to have a one size fits all base sauce, which ruins the food. Thankfully, this is not the case at Taj. The portions were generous in both size and with meat content. Though it was a little at the high end for a curry house, I do feel as though I got my money's worth.  They are still waiting on their booze license, so at this time, no beer or wine yet. I can't wait to go back and try some more of their yummy curries!
Good selection for the lunch buffet. Garlic naan was made fresh and the taste was very good. Great value for lunch.
A palace indeed!  Had the pleasure of having a late dinner and had my reservations as I walked into a nearly empty dining room.  Our waiter was awesome and was extremely welcoming.  Not too familiar with this type of cuisine so I relied heavily on recommendations.  Unfortunately I can't remember what I ordered... but I do remember enjoying it thoroughly.  I even requested 2nd's to take home for lunch the next day.  Stop by and give it a go!
Was a little skeptical because my family and I have eaten at quite a few Indian restaurants in town and there have only been a couple that have passed the test. Taj Palace is definitely another Indian restaurant that we will be frequenting in Las Vegas!
This place just reopened with new management and is absolutely amazing. The owner is very active and makes sure you are enjoying your meal. The food was spiced great and the service was awesome. This is definitely a place you could get into a habit of going. We will be backs ASAP!
It's an OK, Indian restaurant. Only reasons why its getting all the positive reviews is because its the only one in Henderson (specially on Eastern). I had their lunch buffet which was so-so, curries were cold and sort of tasteless. They were running low on food at the buffet and the rice was abysmal. How do you screw up rice? The best thing about this place is their garlic naan. I think its the freshsest naan I ever had at a buffet.

There are better restaurants in Vegas, if you want good food, then go to Namaste or Mint Indian Bistro.
The friendly wait staff is here to please knowledgeable Indian food eaters. Complex flavors on traditional Indian dishes will treat you right. Check this place out. Recommendations: anything tikka masala, garlic naan and the sagg paneer. Cheers.
Last night, in his work-induced coma on his only night off in ages, my husband mumbled something about dinner... "what are you hungry for?  what have we not eaten in ages?  And then he answered his own question - Indian.   I remembered seeing positive reviews of a place on Eastern and found it on my yelp app, so off we went.  

We entered with a bit of hesitation as the restaurant was empty with the exception of two diners... after waiting for what seemed forever, he acknowledged us and invited us to be seated.

I recognized him, but couldn't place his face.  Maybe it was because he handed us menus while talking on a cordless phone and giving the other customers their check...multi-tasking.  Not good for an initial restaurant impression...the husband began to eyeroll me...

But he became more forgiving as the server helped him through the enormous menu -- and we, as usual, overordered... 

Vegetable Samosas 
Chili Pakoras
Tandoori Chicken
Chicken Tikka Masala
Mango Chicken
Shrimp Tikka
Dal
Saag with Potatoes
Zeera rice
Raita
Chili Garlic Naan

not to mention the complimentary pappadums and chutneys and chilis...

stop it!   Yes, enough food for days...

My concerns that this would be steam table fare were put to rest once things began to arrive on the table.    Favorite dishes:  the vegetable samosas were incredibly flavorful and delicious.  Mango Chicken (even better than the tikka).  The two vegetable dishes, yellow lentils and the spinach were very satisfying, the rice simple and delicious, and the garlic chili naan was spectacular, particularly with the raita.  

All in all a very good meal.

Oh, and the server?  It's Jignesh, the former manager / server of Sai India Curry -- our favorite little chaat house near UNLV that zipped up unceremoniously a while back.  

Beer (domestic only for now) and wine available.  

It's a simple, lovely space with good food and kind service...and the owner is definitely Yelp savvy - he encouraged us a to write a yelp review as he bid us adieu...
Lunch buffet is great -- the only thing that would make it perfect is if they served aloo gobi.  Chutneys are fresh and delicious.  Haven't been there for dinner yet, but we definitely will.

Staff is super-nice, service is excellent.  Great location.  We used to love India Palace, but hated to have to drive into the hood.

If you like Indian food, you'll love this place.
This recently opened Indian restaurant was not very busy on the Monday evening of our visit.  We recived complimentary papadum with a spicy mint sauce and the worst tamarind sauce I have ever encountered.  Our entrees were boti kabob masala (lamb chunks in a rich yellow curry) and Murgh madras (boneless chicken in a tomato/cream curry).  In addition, we ordered naan and zeera rice (lightly spiced basmati rice with cumin seeds).  Neither entre scaled any culinary heights though the amount of animal protein in each would likely have caused Hannibal Lechter to rejoice. I felt menu prices, separate charge for plain rice, were on the high side.
Do I like Indian food? Yes, I like lots of flavor, being from Louisiana. I have had Indian food with some Indian friends of mine and I didn't have the heart to tell them they can't cook because I thought that's what Indian food must be like. Taj Palace had all the flavor I craved in every dish I ate.

Lamb Samosa, Goat Curry, Lamb Kadai (too good), and the dish that stood out as interesting and fun was Mango Chicken Curry. I will be ordering that one again.
Taj Palace is located in an upscale strip mall and had been one of our go-to places for Indian food. Their lunch buffet is $10.95 and one of the better values in town. Their space has a bright and comfortable ambience. They offer a wide selection of vegetarian and meat dishes, some of which you don't typically see at other Indian buffets. I do wish they offered Butter Chicken instead of Chicken Tikka Masala because dark meat is more tender and tasty than white meat. They also include unlimited, fresh-baked plain or garlic naan with your lunch. For dessert, they usually offer kheer (rice pudding) and sometimes they also have halva. Actually, this is the first place I ever tried halva, and it was delicious.

Service is friendly and generally efficient. On our last visit, I was disappointed by how they handled an incident where I discovered that I was chewing on a small strip of plastic imbedded in their curry. The staff initially denied it was plastic and said it was vegetable fiber. Once it became evident that it was indeed a piece of plastic. He said OMG, grabbed it and ran back into the kitchen. They never apologized or offered us any dispensation, nor did we ask for any.
my husband and I went to Taj Place, the food was good and tasty, the service was good, we really like it.
Just noticed a picture of Iron Mike Tyson posing with the owner, so apparently this must be a local favorite of his.  

I came here awhile back for the lunch buffet and while the selection was fairly extensive, the single item that beckoned me to return was their garlic naan.   Served piping hot straight from the tandoori oven, the aroma is ethereal and it is one of the best I have ever had.  If you wait too long, the soft pillowy texture transforms into a stale saltine cracker-like consistency so please don't hold anything back and just attack that naan like Tyson on Holyfield's ear.

I try to rate Indian restaurants on their regular menu rather than buffet since there can often be a steep drop off in quality of food although their buffet is somewhere between 3-4 stars.  On my return visit with a friend for dinner, we ordered the Goat Vindaloo and the Malai Kofta (vegetable balls served in a heavy cream sauce loaded with spices such as cumin, coriander, and chili) and a side of the chili garlic naan.  
The server will ask you to give a number from 1-10 regarding spice level.  We chose 7 for the vindaloo and 5 for our vegetarian entry.  Combined with the chili garlic naan, our tastebuds were on overdrive for most of the meal and in retrospect, I think the garlic naan is perfect on its own minus the chilis and 5 is plenty of spice to perk up the flavors without constantly reaching for water.  

The goat in the tangy and hot vindaloo sauce was amazingly tender and very flavorful and was accompanied by some nice hunks of potato.  I actually didn't mind the fact that some of the pieces were still attached to bone since those were some of the best parts.   The malai kofta balls were savory with the vegetable component, slightly sweet in part due to some raisins within the mixture, and the complex sauce was both creamy and spicy providing a beautiful spectrum of flavors.  

Throw in the beautiful interior, nice choice in silverware and plating, and the excellent service, this is a great option for those venturing out to Henderson in the mood for something off the beaten path.  Do take advantage of the $5 off dinner coupon for checking in on Yelp and do not leave without partaking in the garlic naan.
I really enjoy this place, its very close to my boyfriends house so we always come here. The chicken tikka masala is very good, and the goat curry is great!! The servers are very friendly and treat customers very well. It is worth trying.

Update: Their lunch buffet has been getting better and better by the day!!!!
We have been going here since they opened. Amazing food. Generous buffet from salad to vegetarian to chick & goat dishes.They also serve free naan with buffet you can even get garlic naan, fresh out of the oven.
 The service is always great, we never have to ask for a water or drinks. Plenty of parking too.
Mom got a coupon on the mail and decided to give this restaurant a try. We went in there with no expectations. The service was fantastic. Everyone was warm and attentive. I ordered chicken tandoori and mom got peas and potatoes in cream sauce. We ordered naan and rice. We also had delicious vegetarian zomosas. The food took a while which told us it was being cooked when we ordered and not sitting in a warmer. Everything was delicious. We are definitely going back for buffet. 
The restaurant is beautiful! Good Job Taj Palace!
This place is great!! I had their lunch buffet and I went home fully satisfied.
We ordered Garlic Naan, and got food from the buffet line. 
Chicken tikka masala was  really good! It was tender and the sauce was delicious! My favorite way to eat Naan is to dip it in curry or dipping it in one of the dishes.  I devoured three baskets of Garlic Naan in no time. Their curry was excellent as well. Great place to satisfy your Indian appetite! Im getting hungry just talking about this place.
My wife and I took her brother and his wife to this fine Indian restaurant late on a Friday night. Luckily they are open until 10:30 PM. It was the first time we visited this fairly new restaurant. Since my wife's family has never had Indian food before, I wanted them to try some of the more tasty, but safe for beginners Indian dishes which I will discuss in a minute. 

We were greeted and seated quickly by warm and friendly people. Before we placed our order I asked for some papad to munch on. They brought out several pieces with two different types of sauces/chutneys that were just delicious. 

As an appetizer we ordered four vegetable samosas that were the best I've ever had. I thought I would go out on a limb and ask for one of my favorite Indian dishes, that is always off menu - the ultra delicious and elusive Chicken 65. Our waiter said that he would ask the chef. To my surprise, he returned with a yes; however, the chef needs a day in advance to prepare it. Definitely returning soon just for that dish alone. In lieu of Chicken 65, the chef recommended Chicken Kadai, which turned out to be excellent. On a heat scale of 1-10, I ordered an 8 and it was perfect. It was flavorful and saucy.  

In addition, for our main courses we ordered Indian food staples such as Biryani, Chana Masala, and Tandoori Chicken. Biryani can be difficult to make correctly especially if you have eaten a lot homemade Biryani. It was the perfect complement to the other dishes. The portion was ideal since we were all sharing. 

The Chana Masala very tasty. The garbanzos were cooked perfectly and over all was very good. . We ordered a whole Tandoori Chicken which is enough for four people. It was brought to us on a sizzling platter. It was moist and scrumptious.  

We opted for 3 orders of Naan - garlic, garlic chili, and plain. Perfectly seasoned and made fresh. You just can't eat Indian food without Naan. 

I highly recommend the Taj Mango Shake. They are so good, you will need your own because you won't want to share it. One sip and you're hooked. Have it with your meal or as a dessert. Either way, it's a must-have beverage. 

I can tell you that I have no need to go anywhere else for Indian food. This is it for me. Anywhere else would only be a gamble. I will be returning to try other dishes and of course I will call ahead to try their Chicken 65. Since everything else was so good, I know that I won't be disappointed
Dont know what the hype is about, nothing special have had alot better indian food, dry chicken tika ,rice tasted like it was a day old.. Best part was the naan bread and the cute waiter...
Close to my house, I think I found a new spot for my indian food pleasure. I had samosa, korma and naan. Yummy! I love the blend of spices in my korma. The somosa was the biggest I've seen. This is a MUST return place! Oh and a bonus, they have goat!!!!
Great Buffet. This is a vegetarian's haven. I took my vegetarian daughter here and everything was absolutely delicious. We both had the buffet which came with made to order garlic ( you can order it regular too) naan bread. I love spicy food and this place satisfies that craving. I've been to many Indians restaurants in Southern Nevada and California and I must say this place is in the top three. I ordered the lamb vindaloo to go at an 8 heat level. I was warned by owner Bobby that it would be very hot and I said I could handle it. I must say he was right!! It was a lively treat to the taste buds but it required some labor to get the heat down. Next time I will get it at level 6. I was very impressed by the portion of the dish. In my experience Indian restaurants are usually chintzy with meat portions. Taj Palace is very generous with their fare. I will be a frequent patron.
Great food!! I really loved their Curry Chicken and Tikki Chicken Masala and the fresh naan they serve to you in the beginning..soo good and soo fresh! I went to their Lunch buffet for the first time yesterday, a lot of selection to choose from and it is all very worth the price!  I brought my sleeping 4 mos. year old along with me. I had no idea she was going to wake up so suddenly and was crying the moment i would get up and get myself a fresh new plate of food. The very nice gentleman waiter that was there was so kind to go out of his way to help cheer my daughter up when she would cry. She was in all smiles afterwards!! =) 

   GREAT place, ambience, music, service, and definitely delicious food!  I am going back again very soon! =) Thank you again to the nice gentlemen waiter for making my daughter and I's first time experience at the restaurant  so wonderful!!
Really great food - flavor, spice, everything.  At first I was unsure about the price, but  the value is great: a ton of food, enough to share and for leftovers. Everyone that worked there was so nice and courteous. We'll definitely be back!
We were so happy to find this restaurant.  There is a pride of ownership here, and the food is made with love.  The food is so good, and they offer more Nan.... refill your glass of water.... are always polite and welcoming.  The best thing is the Tikka Massala.   It is not the watered down stuff like the Mint Indian Bistro.... although we like to go there too sometimes.   The food here is serious and if you like it spicy... you got it!    Lunch buffet is $10.95  and worth every penny.  Just take a small sample of everything on the buffet line, and you will leave with a smile.   One time they had samosas, and they were also great.  They don't always have that though...... Enjoy!  Don't forget to leave a little tip ha ha
Great lunch buffet! Beautiful and relaxing setting.  Nice waiters, friendly
With good service.
Great service and great food! Loved it!
As a long time orange county kid and the son of Indian immigrants,  I have a pretty good understanding of quality South Asian cuisine. I've eaten a lot of it from restaurants and I've had it countless times in home cooked meals. Trust me then, when I say that this place is really just ok.

It's well decorated, and the service was alright. We came here for a lunch buffet one time. I did find the garlic naan to be pretty tasty. But in the realm of indian cuisine, this establishment hardly impresses. Its hard for me to put into words exactly, but the flavor, texture, and quality of the ingredients were simply below what I expect from an indian place. Some of the curries were a bit bland. I wasn't particularly impressed by their chicken tikka. The lentils here are are a bit overcooked, and again, just not that good. Don't get me wrong-- its passable and worth trying. I think its a good place to go to for lunch-- indian food isn't something most people eat everyday. But if you want quality south asian food, there are much better places, even here in Vegas. Try the hole in the wall Kabob Corner in Fremont. It may not look impressive but their food tastes much fresher and is much better seasoned.
My husband and I stopped here for lunch and it was fantastic. We are normally a little skeptical of buffets but the food was all very fresh and hot. Plus there was a lot of selection. The place has a nice decor and a nice smell aside from the food. There was an underlying spicy incense smell. The price was just a little higher than the standard lunch buffet but it was definitely worth it due to higher quality. The service was good, our water glasses were never empty and the server checked on us repeatedly to make sure everything was to our liking. I would definitely recommend.
Food was good. Its close to my house and I had a groupon so decided to try since I love Indian food. Service was good. Saw that they offer a lunch buffet so may have to come back and try sometime
Was looking for an Indian restaurant for dinner in the Henderson area, and Taj Palace has 4*, so I figured why not.  I had the chicken tikki masala, and my date had the paneer tikkia masala.  We also had a side of rice and an Indian beer.  Even with the $5 Yelp discount, the bill came out to $37 after tax.  While the food was definitely good, as was the service, that just seems like a lot of money for what we ordered.  Every other Indian restaurant I've been to in town is cheaper, and even more so when I use a restaurant.com certificate.
love the food, recommend chicken tika masala (you can't go wrong with this one in any Indian restaurant) want to try lunch buffet sometime.
Being such an unoriginal foodie I have been working on branching out to different types of cuisine. 

Indian Food was on the must try list for me. Admittedly my very first Indian food dining experience was some time last year and I failed to yelp about it *insert hand slap here*, but that only means I will have to revisit the eatery (drumming up repeat business) and yelp about it then.

Back to Taj Palace: YUM!

Last night was my second time dining here and it was equally as delightful as the first time. Excellent service, not a glass gone empty all night, food seasoned to perfection and plenty of left overs to enjoy today. 

My only gripe menu item gripes were regarding the appetizers, Paneer Pakora and the Fish Pakora; both were extremely dry and virtually flavorless. 

All in all, stellar service (the place is rarely packed), delicious eats (if you steer clear of the fried appetizers), distinguishable meats (white meat chicken used, yey!), and delicious flavors will have me and my friends coming back for more.
This was my first foray into Indian food and I found it using Yelp.  The staff was friendly and helpful, explaining what each item was on the buffet.  I tried a taste of everything and found the Chicken Tikka Masala and Chicken Tandoori amazing.  I scooped it up with delicious garlic naan.  I usually love curry, but didn't care for the goat curry.  Nor did I like the vegetarian dishes with spinich or lentils.  I chk'd the menu prices as well and the buffet is an excellent deal.  I'll be going back there soon.
Our fave place. Service superb. Food Delicious! Reasonable price. DELICIOUSNESS!!
Great Food, I love the Chef ;-) He's Awesome!
Delicious. Got the chicken saag and paneer masala. Great portions for decent prices! (10-14$ each). Very friendly and attentive staff.. they check the spice level with the appetizer chutney so you know what you're getting.

Will be coming back on my next trip to Vegas :)
I like Indian food on the spicier side, and they got it just right.  Their saag has a pasty, airy texture.  Overall, quality buffet.
Place was Soo yummy!  Went with a party of 10 people and we all ordered something different and shared and we liked everything
Not the worst Indian restaurant in Las Vegas, but absolutely not deserving of a 4.5 Yelp rating. 

When we visited the buffet was uninspired, featured no paneer option, and was severely lacking in spice and overall layers of flavour. It felt geared toward middle America's palate rather than those of expats from the sub-continent and those of us with a bit of experience in the true heavenly flavours of the region. 

Give me a good curry and some tasty naan to mop up the sauce and I am happy. Sadly, Taj Palace presented my usual go to dish, the chicken tikka masala, as a disappointinging bland, rather sweet, and lacking any real zest and the naan was almost tasteless.

The food looked OK, but this is the sort of Indian a grandparent would eat. I'll stick to Mint or Mt Everest.
I dont go anywhere else for indian food in vegas after finding this place. Staff is very attentive and polite which is nice, sometimes i go in on a slow night with my 5 year old for mommy son dinner dates and the place is empty so i dont feel like he is bothering anyone. Plates are def big enough for 2. Decor inside is beautiful, date worthy.

 I always get the murgh madras combo. I have had it spicy and non spicy by accident when they forgot to ask. I have to admit spice is key when it comes to flavor here but the meat is always very well cooked.. Must go spicy!
I ate at this place about two years ago with a friend who was a curry fiend. I remembered the meal I had was pretty good, so when we got some coupons in the mail the wife and I decided to go again.

I'm in no way or form an expert on Indian food as I've always enjoyed the east Asian curries more, so the wife and I played it safe and went with a full order of Tandoori Murgh Shahnaz (marinated baked chicken on the bone) and Jhinga Tikka Masala (prawns with onion and peppers in a tomato cream sauce). On the side was garlic naan and white rice.

The chicken, being thighs and legs, was as good as I remembered. Served a sizzling cast iron plate on a bed of onions and peppers. They managed to render out most of the fat while cooking (thanks to the clay oven), but managed to keep all of the flavor.

The prawn dish was delicious, but for $16 I would expect more prawns or at least bigger ones. The highlight of the dish was the tomato cream sauce that found it's way on top of my chicken rapped in naan.

The service was quick, attentive, and funny. When I ordered both dished with the rice & naan combo add on for $5 the waiter suggested just a double order of naan and a single order of rice. That kind of customer service is very highly appreciated.

When it came time to go we had some left overs that definitely earned a trip home with us. I appreciate it when a restaurant gives you decent to-go containers and these guys didn't attempt to have us shove everything in one big Styrofoam container but gave us smaller ones for each component of the meal. Perhaps a silly thing to comment on, but I like it when my left-overs look just as good as the day I ordered them.

Is this an "authentic Indian" restaurant? Damned if I know, but since the staff is Indian and very friendly I imagine if you flexed your knowledge they'll be accommodating.
A narrow menu selection, but good quality. I only recently realized that they charge for rice (at dinner), which I thought strange.
As badly as I want to try new Indian restaurants in town, I always end up leaving utterly disappointed and regretting my decision for not just going to Mint (my never-fails-me staple).  Taj Palace was no exception.

Things had started off well with a nice interior and friendly service.  But then everything started to go downhill from there with a total blowup to end our meal.

-Food took much too long to come out.
-Free papadums were nice, but the tamarind and mint chutneys tasted old.
-The garlic naan had no traceable amounts of garlic, plus it was super crunchy and almost burnt.
-$5 for a bowl of plain rice.
-The aloo gobi (or gobi aloo as they call it) was completely flavorless (at an Indian restaurant??).  It was just boiled potatoes, cauliflower, and tomatoes sitting in some liquid.  Not edible.

I will give credit where credit is due and say that the Paneer Tiki Masala was very good.  It was flavorful and had a generous portion of paneer.

The kicker was at the end when we went to pay for our meal and we were told they wouldn't accept our coupon.  It would have been one thing if there was a sign posted on the door stating this or if we hadn't shown the servers the coupon until the end of our meal.  However, there is no sign saying they don't accept coupons AND we had the coupon out at the edge of the table from the minute we sat down.  FOUR servers never once said anything about it before we ordered, despite the fact that I saw all of them look at it.

I'm tired of restaurants offering coupons and then deciding they don't feel like it anymore and won't make good on the ones that are still out there.  But to wait until after we are done eating to tell us, when you know that we have a coupon waiting, is shady to me.  

It's times like these I wish my mom didn't raise me to be polite and just walk away from the situation.  

The paneer was their saving grace that brought them up to two stars.
Just went here for the first time earlier this evening, based on Yelp reviews. Excellent food and service. Staff was very attentive and friendly. Food was AWESOME!
I was in the east side of the town and trying to find a Indian restaurant that closer to me to get the lunch. i was looking at the yelp and tried this place for the comments they had. i was happy with their interior decoration and the guy who was water is kind and pleasant to make the place likable. food is little spicier and its perfect to my taste and thandor chicken was over painted with the red color. i think they use lots of food colors and they might have to reduce that to make people less curiosity. 
Mango Lassi was perfect and Dosa taste was great!!! i will definetley go back and will recommend to anyone!!
Great Indian buffet! They have a great selection for vegetarians, such as myself, and also some meat dishes for those who choose to eat meat. Vick is a great server, he will take care of you ASAP! Check it out!
The Good:

Of all the Indian restaurants in town, Taj Palace is one of the best.  Their dinner menu is so distinctive and it stands out of all the menus in town.  Their food is rich in flavor, content, and taste. This might be sneaky, but I got a good look at their kitchen when I was walking to use washroom- their kitchen is huge and from all that I've seen, it is spotless clean.  That showed in the quality of their food and its taste.   Service was good. 

The Bad:

Nothing. Nada!  If you insist, I still don't have anything. 

Bottom line:

If you live in Las Vegas and you are craving Indian, this is the place I recommend you go.  I will go back there soon to try out their lunch buffet.
We were craving indian food but didn't feel like driving so we stopped by this place. We had their lunch buffet before but wasn't overly impressed. We figured the dinner would be better. 

I ordered the chicken tikka masala with 7 spiciness out of 10 and it was pretty hot. They used white meat but some pieces were very dry and some were moist. She ordered a combination plate. Coming from NY and Boston indian food always comes with rice but they charge you here. We also ordered a nan and roti which was pretty good.

This place wasn't horrible but I probably won't go back to this location and would probably drive a little further for better indian food.

6/10
JUST SHORT AND SWEET to let others know...this place is wonderful in every way.....best Indian food I have ever had and best service and low prices...BEST OF ALL...they do not have a liquor licence BUT encourage you to bring your own wine or beer and they will open for you, NO CHARGE.
I had wanted to go to this place for a long time because my husband and I are vegan, and my daughter and hter boyfriend eat every kind of food out there, so we finally went all together and it was awesome!  The flavors were out of this world, we could not stop eating, the service was wonderful and the servers were kind and funny.  We had all vegetable dishes and the kids had fish and lamb.  The dining area was lavishly decorated and could be a very romantic dinner spot.  The only suggestion I could make was to turn the air conditioning up, especially with all of the spicy food!
Let me be straight, I love Indian food. What's better than sopping up all that extra sauce with tender naan bread? You really can't go wrong.

We haven't had the pleasure of a  Indian restaurant close to home, so when a friend of our invited us to Taj Palace for dinner it was a no brainer! The decor is subtly lit, and classic Indian culture. Pretty much what I would expect walking into an Indian restaurant. I was quite excited to see the discount for check-in on Yelp! The screams "Smart" business to me!

Our server's name was Vick and he was a class act! He made some really amazing recommendations. The most unexpected and easily most refreshing was a yogurt based mango drink (non-alcoholic). If you don't do alcohol this is a MUST! It was subtly sweet, enchancing the earthy flavor of the mango while wrapping you up in all that yogurt creaminess. I don't even like mango and I was in love.The wine list was pretty limited, but I can't say I was expecting a cellar list to be presented. The Pinot Noir I ordered was pleasing, but pinot's a typically easy drinking wines.

We started with a lamb samosa & chili paneer. Both were presented quickly, and were delicious.

I wish that I could remember, pronounce or even spell some of the Indian names of the dishes we ate....but alas, I cannot. I know, lame! I had the non-veg combo platter. It included Chicken-Tikka Masala - Butter Chicken - Chicken Curry - Dal - Riata - Naan - Rice - Rice Pudding. I went with a level 4 on my food. I like the spice, but want to taste the flavor. My husband tried the Shrimp Curry at a level 7.

The Butter Chicken at Taj Palace is nothing short of incredible. Don't get me wrong, everything was delicious, and I have few complaints. As I write this review however, my palette is overcome with the savory lingering of the butter chicken sauce. YUM! Vick, our server, actually had the Chef make me an additional portion to take home for Naan dipping! What an awesome guy, he's an A+ in my book!

My husband's dish was SPICY, and rightfully so - it was a 7! The shrimp was perfectly cooked and saucy. My only complaint was that his Garlic Naan was quite burnt around the edges. This was disappointing, as I had read many reviews about how great the garlic naan was. Oh well, maybe next time.

And that's where I'll leave you my Yelp friends. There will indeed be a next time. Taj Palace was delicious. The atmosphere was comfortable and classy. The service was on point and attentive. Give Taj Palace a try, your tummy will thank you!
I took my dad here for an early Father's Day lunch (the Friday before Father's Day), bad choice when your father is Indian. 

The ambiance and decor was very nice; and the service was good, considering how busy they were.

Now on to the good stuff (well the not so good stuff in this case) ..the food. We frequented the restaurant during the afternoon, during the lunch buffet. I was excited to try somewhere new and the reviews about this place were great. As soon as I approached the buffet, I could see that the vegetables were soaked in oil. I was mortified. I'm not the healthiest person, but I could not knowingly eat such oily Indian food, especially when I cook it myself and I know it does not require that much oil. My dad had the buffet, and was not very pleased. I ordered malai kofta and dal makhani off of the menu. The malai kofta was not good, I took it home and threw it away (and I was raised to never waste food). The naan was ok, nothing to write home about. The plus side to this adventure was the dal makhani ..it was really tasty (: 

Most Indian restaurants in Vegas are not cheap, and this place is no exception. I don't mind paying for quality when I receive it ..but I did not receive it here. I will not be back.
My hibernation from Yelp ends with this review for Taj Palace!

I've been to Taj on several occasions and have always received perfect service. I seriously think that they have the best Naan here in town. Everything else is debatable, but for some reason their Naan takes the cake in my eyes.  Of course, Indian food is always amazin for vegetarian options which is what keeps me coming back. When I asked for a 10 on the spicy scale, it was exactly what I was asking for. Everytime, they question whether I truly wish to receive a 10, I always assure them that I'm Thai and can handle the heat. Usually that's enough anecdotal evidence to prove that I am a true chili head. I believe I ordered the Tikka Masala this time around and I really have no complaints. For the drink, I got the Mango Yogurt drink (can't remember the exact name). For dessert, rice pudding. The server highly recommended that I have the ice cream in place of it because he thought it was way better. I declined only because it was freezing cold in this place. Otherwise, I would have taken up his offer. Since this place is conveniently located next to my house, I will be here more often when I'm craving delicious Naan.
We decided to try this place for the lunch buffet, and it was alright for 10.95 (before tax and gratuity).  We opted for the garlic naan and it was delicious.  My favorite dish of all time at Indian buffet is the goat curry.   There was goat curry on the line, however, it wasn't flavorful as I would have liked it to be.  Thank goodness they were tender.  The chicken tandoori was kind of dry.  The kheer, which is the rice pudding, wasn't so delicious as the one over at India Palace.  I have to say that I enjoy the lunch buffet at India Palace much more.  I probably won't be coming back to Taj.
I have now eaten here several times and each time the food is gotten better. The manager was very polite and willing to take advice regarding the food and seems to have taken some of my suggestions to heart and continues to make the quality better. The cleanliness of the restaurant is excellent. The buffet is a great value and very well done. I would highly recommend this Indian food restaurant to anyone near the area.

Peter
I've been coming here since this place was called Taza, then Jai Ho, and now Taj Palace.  I'm not sure why the name changes but either way the food is always good.  I by no means am an Indian Food expert but my experiences here are always good.  The curries are as spicy as you want them.  The nan is delicious (I love the garlic nan), and the Tandoori chicken is always piping hot and tasty.  

If you're not familiar with Indian food or really hungry, be sure to hit up their lunch buffet.  There are a lot of choices at a very reasonable price.  The servers are also very helpful as I try to order something new on each visit.  Also, be sure to keep an eye out in local publications for coupons and specials!
Wow! My daughter and I were visiting from San Diego a couple of weeks ago and used yelp to locate a good Indian restaurant.  We were not disappointed! AND the service was great - thanks Vic!

All I can say is YUM YUM YUM! :)
This place was okay. My fiance and I were seriously craving indian food. and this place was near our house.
The portions are good. You get a good amount of food for what you pay for.
We shared the chicken tikka masala,
It looked yummy. the first bite was really good, but as I kept eating I noticed some pieces of chicken tasted old.
The naan was good but nothing special.

Honestly, I would not return here again. I've had better indian food for cheaper.
Been wanting to try Taj Palace for a while since it's the closest Indian restaurant to my house and I'm obsessed with both Samosa Factory and Mt Everest from my work lunch breaks.  Even though it averages 4 stars here on Yelp, there was always something about the reviews that made me a little tentative.   Well, that and the non buffet prices.

What is it about Indian restaurants and their dinner prices?  They always seem about $3-$4 more expensive per entree than I expect.  Compared to most of their lunch buffet or lunch special bargains, it drives me a little crazy to go to one for dinner and get much less food for a lot more money.  This type of thinking is why my pants I just picked up from Men's Wearhouse barely fit, but I digress.

I ordered the Veggie Samosas which is one of my standards I judge any indian restaurant on, some plain naan, and goat curry spicy 7 out of 10 (love this scale!).  I asked if the curry came with rice, and I was told no, but that I could do a combo of 1/2 rice and 1 naan.  Sure, sounds like exactly what I need.  When I arrived, my total bill was $29.  Now the curry was $16 and the Samosas were $5 (according to their website) so I guess the naan and rice cost $7 or so? (shrug)

Started with the curry over the rice first.   The curry had a nice flavor, it was thick, smoky, and the spice level was perfect.  On top of the rice or being sopped up with the naan (the naan was about what I expect, which is a good thing), either way made me happy.   The goat was tasty, but there were a LOT of bones and pieces of fat and cartilage throughout which was a bit of a buzzkill. It was rare to be able to get a bite of meat without having to constantly spit out a small chunk of something (best visual ever, I know).   I actually would have ultimately preferred it with JUST the curry sauce by the end of my plate.

The samosas were very large and perfectly shaped with a great flaky crust.  Honestly it almost seemed a little too perfectly made which had me wondering if it was homemade or not (I have no way of knowing honestly, it's quite possible it is).  They tasted fine on the inside, but I found the outside to be overly salt or peppered or both.  I'd honestly never had a samosa with so much seasoning on the outside of it, and my fingers were covered in spice whenever I'd pick it up to eat it which I wasn't used to..   The green sauce it came with was good, wasn't so much a fan of the red.  Overall a good version, though I prefer Factory's or Mt Everest's.

Final conclusion is that I enjoyed my meal overall, though I wouldn't exactly say it was worth the price I paid in total.   I did get leftovers out of it which softened the blow a little.  I think I'll stick with Samosa Factory and Mt Everest to satisfy my Indian cravings, though if I'm ever in a dire need for some curry in Henderson (it happens.  It definitely happens) Taj Palace warrants some consideration.
My husband & I enjoyed dinner at Taj Palace on a Monday night. The service was prompt & the food was excellent, some of the best food we've had in Vegas actually. The prices are very fair considering how rich in flavor all the dishes are. The garlic naan is to die for as well as the coconut chicken curry. Yumm! This place will be visited again very soon
Pretty solid Indian food definitely the best place on this side of town. Definitely worth trying.
As far as Indian food goes, Taj Palace is delicious. As far as service? Our waiter Vimal treated us like queens. 

It's the typical strip-mall exterior, like almost all restaurants in Henderson, NV. Coming from Los Angeles, I'm starting to get used to great restaurants like this - after all, many wonderful treasures can be found in strip-mall style buildings in LA.

When we were seated around 8:30 PM, the entire restaurant was empty, so there was no wait. Vimal brought out Papadum (Indian bread, crispy and very thin like a cracker) with hot green sauce and a tasty plum sauce. We ordered veggie Samosas to start, which seemed to be hand-made at the restaurant and were spectacular. Vimal convinced us to try Nasi Biryani rice instead of the traditional white Basmati rice I normally order. It's like an Indian fried rice, with golden raisins and almonds that has a yellow coloring from the spices. Delicious. That came out with our chicken tikka masala in medium spiciness and our garlic naan. Every dish was better than the last. At this point a middle-aged couple came into the nicely decorated restaurant and sat down to dinner as well. 

I think it's surprising that the place was so empty, considering how yummy everything was. The other couple verbally recognized this and asked Vimal about it as well. It seems new ownership took over more than a year ago, and he just needs to get the word out. So here's the word - we'll be stopping by again soon to check out the buffet for lunch, that seems like a great value!
We love coming here.... we uaually come at least 1 time per month.   The staff is always friendly, the place is very clean, and the food is spicey.   We love the Garlic Naan and the Tikka  Masala.   We have tried all the Indian restaurants in the Vegas area, and none come close!!  Price is about 10.99 and worth every penny.
I really like the Garlic Nan, We actually ate at the lunch buffet, which is definately worth the $10 price. I couldn't tell you what to order but we had some kind of mixed vegetable dish that was really good.
I loved this place so much, and not just because the food was great--it was the service and recommendations we received from the staff (one of whom I was pretty sure was the owner) were enough to give 5 stars. I had ordered a restaurant.com coupon back in March for this place and forgot about it, so when one of my friends was in town and we were craving Indian food, we of course had to stop. I ordered Mango Curry Chicken and my friend had Lamb Jalfrezi, and of course we added naan and rice to our order. The rice was a recommendation of the server's--one I had never had with peas, white raisins, and nuts. It was quite good, and went well with what we ordered, but I am going to stick to rice without all the extras next time. It was pricey to have that much extra stuff in it when I just want some straight up plain rice.

The Mango Chicken was pretty much sweetened Butter Chicken, but it was delicious. The lamb was a little tough for my liking, but luckily that wasn't my dish! ha ha, sucks to be my friend. But it was minty and delicious and had a nice flavor but was a workout for the teeth.

We went a little overboard our $25 restaurant.com coupon and ended up spending another $25 apiece. That's the danger in those things--you think you're not going to be above the limit and then there you are, paying for stuff you didn't really need ($8 beer, that I will say was good, just not perhaps something I needed to complete the meal). 

I will definitely be back--I want to try their buffet as well as their lunch. It was a good dining experience overall, with minor details not upsetting my 5-star experience.
Now, I love Indian food and basically will order it every where I travel to because I always get a craving for it.  I had been thinking about Taj Palace for some time now and finally got the family to try it out.....

a.  Ambiance - strip mall setting, plenty of seating arrangements and for various size. Perhaps you can fit up to about 85 people, so it was decent size.  Good lighting, nice bar, buffet area, tables and booths.  I say 4 star.

b.  Service - It was not busy, so we got pretty darn good service from everyone there. Although it seemed to take like forever for the food to come out and the natives were getting a bit restless.  4 star

c.  Food -3 star

a.  Chicken Tikka Marsala - OK, so this is really an English invented Indian dish and not popular in India.  I get it. Just like Chop Suey and Fortune cookies in Chinese cooking, these were things invented not in the original country.  I get it.  But man was this dish uninspired!!!!!!!  The chicken was cut in huge cubes.  The best way to slice is to take the breasts and cut at angles to get thin against the grain meat that when cooked, produce an aromatic and tender chicken.  Eating these chunks, was like eating chunks.  We asked for 2 out of 10 spice due to the kids and this thing was more spicy than the 5/10 spice I ordered for the Lamb.  2 Star

b.  Lamb Bhuna - i was a looking for the Lamb Roghan Josh.  The spice was mild, perhaps they messed this up with the miles Tikka I ordered?  The lamb was a bit tough, however the gravy sauce was awesome and quite tasty.  I give this a 3 star.  Great taste, terrible texture.

c.  Garlic Naan - Kids loved it, we had to order another servicing.  4 star


d. Tandoori Chicken - Hmmm good color, bit dry, on a bed of peppers, very tasty, if not overly cooked.  2 star.

To me, a family of four and it cost about 85.00 including tip. Way too expensive and not enough to warrant a return visit.  1 Star.
I just love this place! Great food and the service is wonderful. You really feel like the staff cares about you. They recommended great food combinations and beer that made our experience better than if we would have just stuck to our normal Indian food order. I just moved here but this will be one of my "go to" places. Thank you Taj Palace.
Ordered take out the other night. We asked the guy taking the order what their best chicken dish was and he suggested karahi chicken. Ended up ordering karahi chicken, palak paneer, dal makhani,naan and roti for our guests.
When we brought home the order, we realized they had given us shahi or karahi paneer instead of the chicken. I called back and the guy was apologetic and offered to deliver the chicken to us. SInce the order had taken over 40 minutes and it was a busy saturday night, we offered to come and pick it up.
4 points for customer service as they compensated by giving us a complimentary pulao rice, and some achar relish and corrected the order.
2 points for the food however:

dal makhani-was extra creamy but tasted the best of the lot.
palak paneer-was ok
chicken karahi-which they claimed was the best chicken option was flavorless and pretty tasteless.
pulao-was not bad, pretty decent.
naan and roti were well made.
they let us keep the paneer karahi as well, but unfortunately that was pretty tasteless too.

I usually love leftover food the next day but this I was happy to get rid off.

I will try them again as this may have been a freak day since they were busy, but it was disappointing considering our guests were looking forward to a nice indian meal and price wise the place is not cheap! I guess I will stick to the buffet for this one, as somehow the buffet experience has been ok every time but have not had the same luck with take out orders.
Amazing goat curry, masala mushroom... And above all.. Amazing service...!!
Came here fresh off the plane and we were craving indian food so we landed on this strip mall restaurant. I wasnt hungry to begin with but ended up going with the large lunch buffet. So delicious, they had goat that was tender, the server Vigal was very friendly but I felt that he hovered a little too much. Some people like that, some dont. Service was impeccable though. Food was so delicious too. $11 dollar buffet with custard dessert and rice pudding. REallyyyyy tasty, go!
For a lunch buffet priced at $10.00 with killer garlic naan and the best service I have seen at an Indian place, this place gets 4 stars automatically.  The food?  Well, it was simply wonderful and amazing and delish and oh so perfect.  I came here solo for lunch two days ago for the first time and found the place to be a hidden gem (to me, maybe not to others).  I'm sure the options might change daily for the buffet, but the first two things I tried were the only two things I ate - because they were that good.  The lentils with rice and the chicken tikka masala - can't go wrong.  For some reason I just wasn't in the mood for lamb, but it looked very good.  This place is good and you can't beat the lunch buffet price and food!
Very good indian food. Not as spicy as I would like, but the staff offered to give me an extra dose of heat on the side. The chutney tastes so homemade and delicious! Will definitely make this place one of my regular dr in places to go
This is one of my favorites places, I dine in or out at least 2-3 times a week! 
The lunch buffet is a great deal, look for the coupons that float around in local mags, we've gotten ours from the 89012 mag.

* Lunch Buffet - 11.00 a.m. - 3.00 p.m.
* Dinner - 5.00 p.m. - 10.30 p.m. 
* Special Buffet Prices - Monday to Sunday: $10.95 / person

The staff is, as they say from their website, "Guest is as good as God" ...well, I wouldn't go thaaaaaaaat far, but they've ALWAYS been incredibly friendly, attentive and happy to see me (I'm their golden goose).
It's not cheap, so don't roll in expecting $10/person.

Being a vegetarian, (which Indian culuture is as well) they have an excellent selection of lentils and meat-less dishes, my favorite, the Yellow Dal, a sh*t ton of Naan and a side of tamrin sauce.  Delish!  My carnivore husband loves the lamb & the Peas Pillau (a yummy rice with peas, raisins & nuts)

I would give Taj 5 stars if it wasn't for the consistency.  On a few occasions, I've ordered the usual, gotten it home and it tasted crappy!  I've phoned in everytime after and they've apologized and offered to pay for my next order.  Different chef working that night :/ 

Overall, LOVE!! :)
This is probably one of the best Indian places.  The service was friendly and fast.  We ordered 5 different plates and it was all good.  Naan are always good.  At first there was only 3 tables by the end of the meal there was 10 tables filled!  Definitely going back there for the lunch buffet soon.
I had high hopes for my meal at Taj Palace.  I read the series of Yelp reviews and even recall a few friends stating it was a good place for curry. I have to presume, it was a bad night for the team at Taj Palace. As much as it pains me to write a "negative" review, I have to be true to my experience. We arrived on Friday evening around 8:30 pm. The Yelp reviews for Taj were higher than Ping Kao 3 my intended destination.  Upon arrival I noticed the large dining room had a total of three occupied tables.  The friendly waiters greeted and seated our party of two promptly. To make a long story bearable I will cut to the chase. I ordered a medium butter chicken, at $17.00 I anticipated a fantastic dish. My Partner, ordered a $16.00 lamb dish. He will write his own review.  To our amazement, the two dishes did not come with Naan or Rice. We ordered these items on the side. The plain basmati rice was $5.00 and the Naan was $3.50.  The food came out within ten minutes. Have to give an A for speed and service during the pre-dinner service. This team was on top of it. There were four servers for our table. Our water was never empty and the empty or unused plates/utensils disappeared quickly. So on to the food. I will only speak to my own dish. I have had several butter chicken (Murgh Makhani) dishes at different places. I am familiar with the expected flavor. This particular dish just did not taste like any butter chicken; I have had in the past. The color of the dish looked proper but the flavor was off. It almost tasted as if they used mayonnaise instead of cream or yogurt in the dish. It was slimy and did not have a good flavor at all. To supplement the flavor the meat within the dish was chopped into small bits. There were also chunks of bone, fat and bay leaf. It was just awful. Some might say, you should have sent it back. I have warded off sending any dishes back at restaurants, there are too many horror stories.  I simply did not finish it. The post-dinner service left us sitting with dirty dishes for twenty minutes. When the two waiters finally collected the plates they did not ask about our experience and did not notice most of my butter chicken was still in the dish.  I do not expect anyone to read my mind. It had to be a bad night.  Maybe, I will try again in the future.
OK, first a disclaimer. I'm British which may mean I have overly high standards for Indian food. That said, I've lived in the US for 8 years, so I feel I know what to expect.

My main gripes with this place were the fact it's overpriced ($5 for rice after ordering a $16 lamb curry) and the fact that the food was bland. The waiter asked how spicy (mild, medium, spicy) and I said medium. When the food game, it looked nice, but there was very little flavor and no spiciness I could detect. It wasn't horrible, but I've enjoyed Indian food in mall food courts more than the food at Taj Palace.

The service started off great (four waiters taking care of the two of us), but we were oddly left for 20 minutes after we'd finished out food with not a waiter in sight.

Also the booths were rickety! They don't seem to be attached to the walls, so I could feel every time the person behind me moved. It's difficult to describe this annoyance without sounding ridiculously petty, but I spent most of the meal leaning forward at an unnatural angle.

I really wanted this place to be good (not least as I'd talked my girlfriend out of her favorite Thai place that's in the same strip mall). A curry and beer on a Friday night ... the stuff (Englishmen's) dreams are made of! Maybe the lunch buffet is great, and that why this place has great reviews. I can't think of any other reason.
Ive been back here many a time, I am surprised by the buffet at lunch time- it is so good!  Always a winner, great customer service. Try it all- you wont be disappointed!
Finally, a place that rivals anything we've had in Surrey, which is a large Indo-Canadian neighbourhood outside Vancouver. The mixed tandoori grill is terrific and very low in fat. The lamb biryani was so tender we barely had to chew. I'm almost sorry we found this place, as all my diet plans are now totally out the window.
I've been here a few times and the great food and attentive, friendly service keep me coming back.

I really enjoy their lunch buffet, mainly because I have so many favorite dishes that it's difficult to narrow it down and choose one or two things for dinner. Their naan bread is tasty; doughy with a light crisp. 

The restaurant is clean and has a great ambiance. The decor, from the wall color to the art is beautiful and tastefully done. 

The staff is warm, inviting and very attentive, ready to clear your plate seemingly as soon as you make the gesture to push your plate to the side.
Had such a great time at Taj Palace!! Our server Vick was a pleasant mixture of  cute and charming. We were first timers at Indian food, and Vick took the time to explain the dishes. An extra detail not gone unnoticed!!!!!!!!  The food was delicious, so flavorful! All in all, it was a wonderful first experience and we can't wait to go back!
I love this place. This is hands down the best Indian restaurant I have ever been to, and I have been to a lot!.  The buffet is awesome and comes with your choice of traditional or garlic naan bread.  This is a haven for any vegetarian looking to experience great flavor as there are many vegetarian dishes to choose from. Also for non-vegetarians you can enjoy the delightful scrumptious chicken dishes prepared by Chef Jaipal as well as the vegetarian dishes.  If you like goat the buffet includes a wonderful goat curry. When ordering off the menu I recommend the lamb or chicken  Vindaloo or the lamb and chicken Haryali, but everything on the menu is delicious.  If you try the buffet keep in mind  that the heat factor is at a level 5 from 1-10. When I order off the menu I like it spicy so I usually go between 7-8.  Also the service is impeccable; every one is friendly and every now and then Chef Jaipal will come out and say hello.  If you love Indian food, this is definitely the place to go!
It is a well decorated, charming Indian restaurant in the middle of a strip mall on Eastern. Parking can be a hassle on the weekends for dinner due to it being located next to overly popular and equally overrated BJs.

The service is always incredible. The servers are friendly, accommodating and extremely willing to make suggestions to get you out of the "chicken tikka masala" comfort zone. 

For dinner, boyfriend had Spicy Vindalo ($15) which is chicken cooked with potatoes, spices, and vindaloo sauce which is the red variety of sauce. It was not very spicy as I believe they modified it due to fear of us not being able to handle the heat. I love my food spicy. The dish was good, nevertheless.
I had the Spicy Haryali ($16) which was chicken cooked in spicy green sauce made with onion, spinach, mint, cilantro and green chili. Once again, it was very delicious but not spicy. 

We ordered side of gralic naan ($3.50) and it was very good.
Also, the server suggested we get Peas Pilau ($7) which was basmati rice seasoned with peas, nuts, and raisins. I didn't care for the raisins and probably would opt for just regular basmati rice next time. 

We also shared an Indian variety of beer based on the server's suggestion. It was good and quite large. ($8)

All in all, the food was good and the portions generous...but, the total did leave a bit of a sticker shock. I think I'd opt for the lunch buffet and try to sample more of their dishes.  The service, as I mentioned before, was superb.  I would recommend this place if you are in the area and craving quality Indian food and great service.
They have a good selection for their lunch buffet (have both veggie and meat options). Always love their dessert options and garlic naan. Staff is friendly.
Best Indian Food I've had in Vegas. Clean, polite, tasty, and a wide variety.
My only complaint is the parking! Keep up the great work!
Yum!

1 star = customer service was awesome.  They really helped me out as it was my very first time really eating Indian food.  My friend is also on a Vegan diet and they helped him pick the foods he can eat.  Extremely helpful!

2 stars = for the environment!  Handcrafted art and tapestry walls surround you in the restaurant and it feels kind of intimate and romantic!

3 stars = GARLIC NAAN.  Don't leave this place w/ out trying it especially if you're into bread and garlic like I am.  It is so tasty I finished the entire basket myself!

4 stars = Chicken Tikka Masala!  Yum! Buttery curry and mildly spicy over a bed of their rice; so good!  

5 stars = Fried Okra!  My friend ordered spicy so it was a lot to handle but the veggies went really well to compliment my Chicken.

Coming back for sure!
My mom is British, so I grew up on Indian food (Brits love Indian like we Americans  love Mexican). I've tried dozens of restaurants and even tried to make it at home a few times ... this is one of the best Indian places I've ever been to  -and it's certainly the best in Las Vegas/Henderson. 

The staff is attentive and polite, the food is good and spicy, and the Mango shake is delicious. That's all you need to know -- now go and try it!
Great food and great service! Very friendly staff and right in Henderson! We will definitely be back!
I liked it.  Very good.  Spices were excellent.   I really enjoyed the mint chicken and the mango curry.   The tandori was a bit salty and did not like it that much.   Otherwise, I would have given 5 stars.   However, I will return to this place soon.
This place is in the same plaza as BJ's, and it is fairly easy to find if you use the turning lane in the middle of the block. I arrived here with some friends on Friday afternoon shortly after lunch hour. It wasn't too crowded, and they got put tables together to accommodate us sufficiently. We went straight for the buffet without even thinking about the menu, although it's pretty easy to justify eating the lunch buffet here when you do look at the entree prices.

The buffet table nearest to the clean plates is clearly all vegetarian items, and the next table has meat dishes, a small salad bar, and desserts. All the items are clearly labeled by name and with ingredients. While I don't remember all the names offhand, I loved the Chicken Korma, really enjoyed the vegetable samosas and Chicken Tikka Masala, also liked the Tandoori Chicken and Saag (spinach), and generally had no issue with other dishes except for the goat curry. That thing does not taste like goat, or like any particular meat. Also, your choice of butter or garlic naan is brought out from the kitchen to your table.

Although I've only been to two lunch buffets at Indian restaurants, I feel that there's enough good food here to grant this place five stars, with of course some consideration that buffet food is generally not on par with a la carte courses. Check it out whether you like Indian food or whether you just want a change of pace.
We got delivery from here last night. (a Tuesday!) The food was awesome!!  Everything was hot, crispy and very flavorful.  The gentleman who took my order was very polite and made sure to get all of our details correct.  He recommended the rice with raisins and cashew, which was not to be missed!  It totally made the meal.  Everything in the vegetarian appetizer platter was still crispy, not soggy like I expected from my usual delivery experiences.  The portions were generous but not too much to finish.  We will definitely be repeat customers to this fabulous gem of a restaurant.  Maybe next time we will dine in for the full experience.  Thank you for the yumminess!!
The staff is very friendly. My family loves it when we go here. We have tried many different dishes from the menu and so far, so good we have enjoyed all of them. On our last visit the waiter made a bet with us that we would enjoy an indian beer better than what we were about to order. And sure enough We like it better. Unfortunately, I cant remember the name of it so I need to go back soon. The naan bread and chicken are fantastic
I come here for the lunch buffet 11-3pm since I can never make up my mind on choosing one item at an Indian restaurant ;)

The $10 buffet rocks since it's all you can eat and a great way to try new things. I'm a huge fan of their paneer saag, aloo tikki, tandoori chicken and chaana masala! Their chutney selection is great and I love their pakkoras. 

The manager is always there making sure water is being refilled and making sure I'm enjoying everything. The restaurant is clean and so is the restroom. 

Love this place!
I have been seeking out good indian food since a trip to Seattle in 2011. My quest is finally over...until I move to Minneapolis in September.

We tried the Mushroom Matar Curry and the Lamb Tikka Masala. Both delicious with the zeera rice! The flavors were impeccable and the portion sizes were perfect. Friend of mine also highly recommends the Tandoori Chicken, says it's the best in town!

We also tried the green chili naan and the garlic naan.  We were a little disappointed that the green chili one was not as spicy as it was advertised, but the garlic naan surely made up for it!

I will be back, probably more frequently than the waistline on my pants wants me to.
This place continues to be a wonderful eating establishment. Wonderful staff, super cheap lunch buffet with great choices.
 We finally got the time to check out the dinner menu. It was wonderful. The menu had so much to choose from. And we tried new breads that we never even heard of. Lots of fun, nice atmosphere too.
 Be warned the dinner entrees are huge, most likely intended to share. We overbought the first time expecting a cat dish of curry, we should have known better. All portions were well made and generous. They offer a few meal deals at night. The soup was wonderful.
 We have been coming here since 2011 and never got sick. Which is a big deal for us. :) We have never had lousy service, the new manager is always smiling. Wonderful place. Recommended.
The boyfriend and I went for lunch based off of Yelp reviews.  It was my first time trying Indian food and it was okay.  Found out I'm not a fan of Indian food, unfortunately; my taste buds didn't have an A-HA moment.  BOO!!  I was really excited about trying something new and hoping to find a new favorite restaurant.  

However, the Naan was very fresh and tasty, much better than Trader Joe's (duh Cody!).  So the Yelpers did me right on that review.

The buffet lunch was very reasonably priced at around $10.95 and had a nice portion of vegetarian options as well as carnivore options.  The service was decent and atmosphere was ok.  

Seemed clean until I saw the employee transferring food from his pan into the serving pan with his bare hand.  Not a good moment for me, being a germ-a-phobe and immediately stopped eating.  I didn't share this with my boyfriend in an effort not to completely ruin lunch and the fact that he thinks I'm a little OCD.  Had it not been for this incident, I would have probably said it was an Okay lunch.  

Probably won't be re-visiting Taj
Decided to be adventurous and came here because of the rating. The service was excellent and attentive at all the right times.  Food presentation was nice.  Chicken tikka masala and naan were excellent.  We tried 3 dishes with naan and drinks, spent over $100. Will be coming back.
Listen, there are only one or two other indian restaurants that compare to this one in town.  Mint is great if you want real clean high quality indian food with tiny portions.  Origin is great if you want a fine dining feel and you want to pay a lot.  THIS PLACE is great if you want delicious and huge portions.  I would skip any other Indian place in town.
I have never tried Indian Food before, so I was excited. When my friend and I walked in at first we thought it was dead but when we came inside there was actually a lot of people. 

The service was GREAT!! They are very attentive and very helpful. I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and my friend ordered the Lamb Mango Curry. Both dishes was delicious.  Have to order the Peas Pillau and the Garlic Naan. And their Mango Lasse was very refreshing. 

My friend and I loves to eat and try new places, since this was my first time trying Indian food. I would definitely let my friends know about this place and I would come back to try more of their dishes.
I was first introduced to Indian food back in Riverside, California, a number of years ago by my significant other, who LOVES Indian food.  I have to admit while it was tasty, it wasn't anything I was in love with.  We found this place because it is across the street from our apartment complex.  Price-wise, it's a bit expensive, but the dishes are amazing.  My first dish was the Mango Lamb Curry (mild spice level, mind you). Delicious.  The lamb is tender with just a bit of fat and tendon to make it just that more yummy, but not make me feel guiltyl for eating that extra stuff. My significant other ordered a Paneer dish. Also delicious.  A few weeks after we went there, he discovered that Taj Palace had a lunch buffet for only $10.  Yay!  All their dishes were scrumptious. During the lunch buffet, I tried the Goat Curry, some vegetarian platters, and their Peas Pillau.  The goat in the goat curry was as wonderful as the lamb in the lamb curry.  Their vegetarian platters were all delicious and the Peas Pillau was gastronomically pleasing.  We have made several trips back to Taj Palace and will probably be making more! Oh! And one can't go to an Indian restaurant without ordering Naan!
I love Indian food! This place is by far one of my favorite places to visit in the Las Vegas Metropolitan area. The lunch buffet is only $9.99 and the selection is nice and fresh. I love the tiki masala, the fresh garlic nan and the samosa's are also pretty big and flavorful. I'm not a vegetarian, but have to admit some of their non-meat dishes are also quite tasty and delicious. It was hard for me to find a decent Indian restaurant in Sin City, but this location satisfied my Indian cravings and is definitely a spot to check out if you're visiting Las Vegas. Located in neighboring Henderson off of the 215 freeway on Eastern Ave.
I had a sudden craving for Indian food and this was the only place nearby. Because I read the hours wrong, I arrived about 40 minutes before 5p and therefore during the time they're closed (their hours are 11a to 3p, then 5p to 10:30p). I found something to do in the meanwhile because I was still craving Indian food and arrived a few minutes after 5p.

As soon as you enter the restaurant, there is a strong aroma that may be a little overpowering. I wanted to do the take out option and was seated at the bar waiting to order. It took longer than I expected, but the people were nice and kept offering me drinks. They took my order (lamb tikka masala and chicken curry) and I played on my phone in the meanwhile. A word of caution. I didn't order any naan because I had rice at home, but it looks like just one piece of naan is $2.50. One piece of garlic naan is $3.50. No, thank you.

They arrived with my food, I paid, and I went home. I've never really had Indian food before and fortunately, I was not disappointed with my choices. Both the lamb tikka masala and chicken curry were delicious. The portions were big enough that I had leftovers that still tasted good the day after. I'd definitely go back and order more food for take out.
LOVE this place.. their menu is pretty pricey though! Very helpful staff! I always leave with more food than I should probably be getting! Definitely give their lunch buffet a shot!
Very good lunch buffet, but usually the same items. The food generally has a pretty good and consistent flavor and is prepared well.

The restaurant tends to be very quiet, which is great for lunch time meetings. It's also very clean, service is very prompt.

The only ding on a star is the lack of variety. Every time I've been in it's the same dishes with no rotation.
I'm sad it took me so long to try this place! Great lunch buffet with a mild to medium spice. Attentive staff, very clean and well decorated place. However, I was disappointed that they didn't have rice pudding on their buffet.
The food is good, but I have to warn you, if your body is not used to curry, be afraid. LOL
After recently relocating to Las Vegas, I decided it was time to scout out a place to turn to when I'm experiencing a craving for Indian food.  I wouldn't say I'm an expert, but I spend most of my dining-out experiences in Indian restaurants and this time, I wasn't too impressed.

***DISCLAIMER: I have left behind the perfect Indian restaurant where I recently moved from and I know nothing will ever compare***

We ordered Paneer Pakoras, Chicken Tikka Masala (spice level 7), and Chicken Curry (spice level 5).  The Paneer Pakoras were fresh and fluffy, but lacked flavor or spice.  The sauce for the Tikka Masala was okay, but no amount of creamyness or richness would save the dry chunks of chicken.  The spice level was pretty good, but if you like spicy Indian food, you better order something higher than a 5 because a 5 is the equivalent of mild (in my opinion).  The Curry was tender, but just okay.  Nothing much to report on that.

My biggest problem with this place is the price.  The Naan and Rice are an additional $8.50, not to mention the fact that each entree item is about $15 a piece.  Yes, you get a lot of food, but that's standard at any Indian restaurant.  The Naan is nothing exceptional, either.  Our total bill came out to $45, which is crazy!  

With as many places Las Vegas has to offer me, I won't be returning.  The staff IS nice, though!
I'd like to amend my review a little now that I've been back so many times

I've tried the lunch buffet twice in two days. I'm officially hooked!
The service is pretty attentive. Vimil (Vick) is very friendly. He makes an extra effort to remember his customers and takes pride in his job. He's remembered my name ever since I paid with a credit card. Him and other staff always keep my water glass quite full, a definite necessity in an Indian restaurant. 

We got there by about 2pm and the lunch buffet closes at 3pm. At exactly 3:06pm the server came over and informed us that they were closed and it was time for us to go. I thought this was a little abrupt, but we were mostly finished, so we left.

I really like the varied options depending on the day. The Samosa's were really good, filled with spicy potato. These were a little spicy, but very tasty. I poured a little bit of mint chutney over the top and it was perfect. I actually wished they would have had them the second day. I also really liked the Chicken Tikka Masala, because I love the red sauce that it comes in, perfect for dipping Naan. There was also a white cream based chicken dish that was really tender. 
On my first visit I didn't have room to try the Tandoori chicken on the bone. But on my 2nd visit there was Tandoori chicken pieces and they were pretty tender. I like my stuff super saucy, so I dipped my Tandoori chicken in the Raita (spiced yogurt) and it was delicious. 
Garlic naan is the way to go. I love me some garlic!! The naan has came out piping hot... super fresh on every visit. 

Also on my first trip I brought my vegan friend and she had a lot of options to choose from and was very happy with the selections. I would definitely recommend telling the server if you are vegan because one of the labels above the food was inaccurate. For my second visit I brought two Indian food experts, they both agreed that it was a pretty good buffet, especially for the price. They seemed to enjoy the food, but one of them felt that the dishes could have used a little more spices. Both of them agreed they would rather have the dishes spicier, but realize that with a buffet it's usually going to be mild to medium.  

I would definitely like to come back during dinner and try some of the menu items. Although I think I'll have a hard time staying away from this buffet. I love having tons of options and you can't beat the price... about $11 per person.
I just moved to the area, and this is the first Indian I have tried in the Las Vegas metro.  So I am comparing it to the only other Indian places I really know, in the Kansas City metro.    This place sucks compared to KC.  Nothing was free (no papads given, no lassi or kolfti samples)  NOT EVEN THE RICE.  You had to pay for the rice separately.  It wasn't very good, either.  The food was mediocre.  I can make a better veggie korma and I am a white girl from Wichita, KS.  The service was very poor.   I won't be in a hurry to come back.  Maybe I will try the lunch buffet at some point.   Maybe.
Great food as per normal. Just a little too expensive for Indian though. However, I have come to expect that in Las Vegas now.
Ordered take out last night and it was surprisingly fresh and good! The chicken tikka masala, aloo gobi and mushroom mattar all tasted authentic. The samosas and naan were excellent!
I have eaten at many an Indian cuisine Resteraunt from here to Ontario. So I'd like to say my palate is seasoned. Taj has good food. Alot better than the three other Resteraunt's that were here that served canned curry and canned veggies at the buffet. The naan is great and compared to their competitors it surpasses them easily. The butter chicken is flavorful and nothing on the menu tastes artificial. Ghandi's is still my favorite in town, then Orgin India and this place is third. But if you want a quick buffet that is yumy and satisfies the senses ...come here!

As for customer service they are always great. Very friendly and funny. And I love the open seating. 

Over all 4 stars. Dang near perfect.
Best Indian lunch Buffett in Las Vegas, the food quality is consistent, the staff is friendly, affordable priced, you can't go wrong if you like Indian food.

The Garlic naan is outstanding and the Chicken Tikka Masala is the best I ever had.

Try it!
Great place for buffet lunch. Unfortunately the same exact food is offered at dinner for 3x the price.

Strangely we were at the buffet and at 315 were told they are ready to close and asked  us to leave.
This place is good.  It's just a little overpriced for my taste.  I'm better off making it at home.
I went here for the first time for lunch. I had a great experience. The staff is friendly and attentive. The price is great for a lunch buffet. The quality of the food is good. I found some of the sauces a little too creamy for my liking. I thought the variety of vegetarian and meat dishes was good. I wish the buffet had more dessert options. This is my new go to place for lunch when I want Indian food.
We visited this place last night for dinner.  There were 4 other parties dining there when we arrived.  The place was nicely decorated for a strip mall restaurant and the staff seemed friendly and welcoming.  Nehil was our waiter and the experience we had with him garnered Taj Palace this one star review.  Another couple came in after we did and Nehil spent 10 minutes chatting with the couple at the next booth, talking about himself.  When he did stop by to take our order I told him that I wanted the Vegetarian Appetizer Platter and he said "you don't want to order that, that's going to fill you up and you won't eat the entree."  I then ordered a potato filled bread and he said "you don't want to order that, take the garlic naan"  as if he wants to tell me what to eat.  I deferred to my Husband who wanted the half tandoori chicken and Nehil said to him "you don't want to order that, take the fish entree".  I asked to speak to a manager and he said none was available.  I then asked for a business card and the name of the owner and as we were leaving a group of men entered through the back door.  I spoke to one of them and told them about our experience and they just stood there dumbfounded.  We left and had a wonderful $75 dinner somewhere else.  Too bad Taj Palace - you lost our business forever.  The quote for this place is "Guest is as good as God".  I think not.
My bf took me here for the lunch buffet and it was great! The selection of food was soOooo much better than the other buffet I tried over at India Palace. We even got fresh naan! Choice of garlic and regular. Loved the Samosa and the mango chicken curry. Will definitely go back! This is a great selection of food for only $10.95. Even just 1 dish is worth the price!
In our party of 7 on a Saturday night we had one Indian food newbie and a couple greenhorns. We asked the acting manager to bring a dish for everyone to share "family style" that represents dishes of which they are proud. He beamed at the opportunity and the staff was incredible in their service. 

Those of us who regularly love Indian food couldn't have asked for a nicer, more friendly and higher-quality experience with which to introduce friends to this cuisine. I even appreciate that they took emphasis to make the vegetarian in our group (me) feel catered among the majority meat dishes. I adored my tikka masala paneer, rice (with pine nuts and raisins) and mushroom-veg dishes, and everyone else raved for the tandoor lamb ribs, curries, and shrimp. 

I wish I were eating Indian food like this all the time -- and with management/staff who is this splendid, no matter the cuisine. But alas I don't live in the Vegas area. Taj Palace is a treasure in the land of ordinarily low expectations for nondescript strip mall restaurants.
After my appointment, I was hungry and decided to give this place a try.  They had a big sign out front that said "Best of Vegas 2013."  I was excited to try it.  They were only serving buffet bar, so that's what I got.  My waiter was not very friendly.  He did not look happy to be there.  The buffet bar had about 10 different items plus rice and a vegetable samosa.  I was a bit disappointed with the selection.  I tried a little of everything.  Nothing really stood out.  It was all just ok.  The goat curry was mostly bones and gristle.  Ugh.  If this is the best Indian food that Vegas has to offer, I feel sorry for this town.
Great food!! I have been to almost every Indian restaurant in the Las Vegas area and can say without a doubt that this one is one of the best. Sure it's a little pricey, but they give you huge portions. Food was great, staff was very friendly and took care of everything I wanted. Stop by here, you will be glad you did!!
Wonderful experience -- food is fantastic and service is delightful!
Decent buffet. Limited vegetarian options but good enough. Nice place to eat. Non veg options seems to be great.
Great food, good selection of veg curries at buffet (choose from 6).

Fresh and tasty garlic naan.

Tastefully done interiors and decor.

Clean bathroom with diaper changing station.

Our little one was sleeping, she woke up 10 mins before 3 pm (close) and they accommodated us for 15 mins after close while she ate.
Came here for dinner with a bunch of friends and got seated right away since it wasn't busy at all. The ambiance is nice and relaxing. There was some incense burning and although the smell wasn't really all that pleasant, I got over it eventually and didn't think much of it.

For our dinner outing, I opted for the paneer tikka masala paired up with some garlic naan. The food was alright but nothing to write home about. I thought the tikka masala lacked flavor and the naan was a bit dry in comparison to what I am used to at other places. Other people in my party ordered the chicken tikka masala and I decided to get in on it just to see if there was any difference in flavor between the two. Surprisingly, there was not. Oh well.. I came to get fed and that happened so I guess I'm good haha. Luckily, someone in our group had a coupon to take off some of the damage from the bill.

Not bad but not enticed to come here on a regular/semi-regular basis. I'd probably give it another chance but might expand to other options on the menu instead of my usual Indian comfort dinner dish. We'll see..
---Rant---

Great stuff~ The rice dishes were as spicy hot as I'd hoped they were, and the Tandoori Shrimp were more like Tandoori Prawns (REAL sized prawns). Portions were huge!  That's always awesome! 

Service was great; just what I expected. Answered questions, brought us more water on a regular basis, check came quickly, food came quickly, etc.

This place is WAY better than Mount Everest India's Cuisine!  I don't know understand why that place gets more stars than Taj Palace; this place has better portions, comparable prices and better service.  And the food comes out faster!!!

After my first visit here, I came back the very next night for takeout; more Tandoori Shrimp, Basmati Rice, and the usual Chicken Masala.  Can't go wrong.

If you want great Indian food at reasonable prices, and you have a big stomach, definitely visit Taj Palace!~

Criticisms:
- Lighting could have been better, seemed kind of dingy
- Decor could use an upgrade


---Overall---

Service: A.  Servers were friendly and answered questions I had about the food

Food: A+, great selection, BIG portions

Atmosphere: B-, chill and relaxed, but could use an upgrade in lighting and decor
The only Indian food I've ever eaten has always been in California. A tandoori chicken leg, a piece of naan, rice, one type of curry would come up to $15-$20 for one person. At Taj Palace, you can have all of that in a lunch buffet for just $11! I'd say that there were about ten different types of curries, give or take. I was ecstatic. Everything was delicious. However, the buffet ends at 3 PM, and I thought the menu prices were a bit high. I probably wouldn't come here for dinner.
This indian buffet is best in Las vegas.We never had bad food here and always satisfied with quality and reasonable price.This is one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.
HENDERTUCKY'S INDIAN RESTAURANT

Not a food cart or truck behind a grocery store or a converted gasoline station, it's a real dedicated Indian restaurant with real Indian decor. I understand it been under new ownership for two years plus. It's our first visit under the present ownership.

We came for the lunch buffet around 2 pm this Friday. There were still a few occupied tables and the buffet carts were filled with food. Of course I ordered their garlic naan plus a Kashmiri naan. (it was most disappointing).

Yu-go chauffeur always eats the veggies first and saves the meats for the second plate. He loved the spiciness of the veggies but he thought the meats were a little underseasoned... but not  a problem, he dunks everything in their green, white and red sauces anyway.

It's a charming place to relax and enjoy which we certainly can attest to.
Best Indian food every love the coconut curry and the samosas are the best! I cant wait to go back.
This place has authentic Indian food! The service is great, the prices unbelievably low and the food quality is extraordinary. I have been eating there for over two years and I have never had a bad experience. 

If you go for lunch, they have buffet for only $9.99 and it's totally worth it! 

Highly recommended!
Great service; very friendly and helpful. Food was great! Better than I expected. I hate it when I ask for spicy and it comes out mild but this place did not disappoint! Overall the food was very good. This is going to be my go to place for good Indian food.
Just finished our third visit, second dinner here. We got the non-vegetarian meal for two. Everything was great, spiced to our request of medium heat level on the lamb and soup. We have enough left over for lunch tomorrow and we are both stuffed tonight. There was lots of flavor and every dish was distinctive unto itself. There were only two other tables with patrons and nobody else came before we left. Too bad as the food and service are both quite good and I for one want to see them busy enough to insure they are here for a long time.
My friend and I visited on a Friday night, it was a tad busy, but otherwise ok. There were some hiccups in service, however the food made up for it.  I had the chicken skewers with peanut satay, along with the Lemon chicken.  I must say both were absolutely delicious, the lemon chicken was the best I've had in ages.  They have a great selection of unique mixed drinks that were delicious as well.
The BEST Indian food and service in LV (Henderson)!
I've been coming here since this place opened.  The lunch buffet is great.  Love the goat, mango chicken and samosa are great!!  One of the best Indian buffets around!!!!  Definitely check lunch it out if you like Indian food. Wait staff is on top on service.
Buffet had a very good selection of both vegetarian and "carnivore" entres.   They even had a Goat curry.  For the price of $10.95 per person, it's a worthwhile find.
Great lunch buffet...Lots of variety of vegie curries and meat curries including goat or lamb. Some good chutney and sauces and fresh vegetables. The naan was pretty good. Extremely clean place and nice atmosphere. However the lunch buffet was pretty pricey. I would go more often if it weren't for the price. I will travel further to find good value.
The chicken tikka masala is to die for. The servers are very efficient and nice. Right when you sit down, they bring over water, Indian chips, and two sides to dip the chips in. The green one is pretty spicy, be aware! The red one isn't as spicy, but so great. Today we had the spiciness a 5, which was almost a little too spicy for me but still good. I haven't tried the buffet, but will soon for sure. I highly recommend this place! The atmosphere is nice and welcoming and I've never had to wait for a table.
I am so in love! Absolutely amazing flavor! Beautiful set up! And extremely friendly staff. We will be going back! :)
After a hike yesterday, we stopped here for their lunch buffet.  It was almost empty when we arrived but we must have been a draw because business picked up while we were there.

They brought us ice water and we ordered garlic naan.  In fact, we ordered a second basket of garlic naan before we even started with the first.  It was quite good.

The first part of the buffet had all vegetarian dishes.  Some of the standouts here were the  pakoras, large triangles filled with a spicy mix of vegetables, and the saag.  The saag had excellent flavorings and was very tasty.  I also tried some of the lentils and they were also good.

In the second section, I had some goat curry, chicken tikka masala, and tandoori chicken.  The chicken tikka masala was standard as was the goat curry.  The tandoori chicken was a bit dry.

A couple of things I noted that were different.  There is no silverware on the table.  You pick up utensils at the buffet when you're there or you go back and get if you forget.  I was expecting some kind of MTV India music playing or video,  but they had their TV off which was quite OK.  But instead, we had pop music which just didn't seem to fit the place.

The room is pleasant, service was OK, and the lunch buffet was good.  There are a few standout items as mentioned.  I didn't have dessert, not even kheer, which almost unheard of for me.  The naan filled me up quite nicely along with two plates of food.
Tried the lunch buffet and it was delicious! Also had the mango yogurt drink, loved it and it definitely helped with the spicy food. If you can't take the spiciness, you can ask for this white sauce thingy that you can add to your food to make it less spicy, which I did. Lots of vegetarian options, but also had goat and chicken entrees. The buffet even had some desserts such as watermelon slices and rice pudding. 

The service was amazing! The waiter kept the water refills coming and took the dirty dishes right away. 

And lastly, the interior decorations and the ambiance of the restaurant is perfect! Very Indian style and great for groups or even dates! :)
Had the lunch buffet here...such a great deal for the authentic cuisine! Everything was delicious, especially paired with the fresh garlic naan. The restaurant is nicely decorated and had a warm, inviting feel. Great place to stop by with a group or even for a date :) The staff was courteous and made sure we were taken care of.
Great food, great atmosphere. I'm so stuffed, and we're taking most of the food home in doggy bags. Would've included a picture but everything looked so good we dug in before we realized.
Sorry I've been passing this place for 5 years.  Finally made up my mind and arrived at 1:30 today.  Sure glad that I need. The food was first class buffet.  Did not eat any of the pure vegan dishes,not my preference. 
  The various rices were fresh and fluffy.  Nothing looked like ye
sterday. All the meat dishes were surprisingly delicious.  Nothing was over spiced..just right. My system does not tolerate spices very well. The rice pudding desert was different but excellent as well. Service was spot on. .One of the tests of restaurants, for myself is the cleanliness of the rest rooms. Five stars clean here. I'm sure to be back in the future.
Everything was amazing!  Tender meat dElicious sauces.
Menu needs more pictures because the food is even prepaired beautifully.
They can serve Jain food ! 

A classy and sophisticated restaurant at a few miles distance from Vegas strip. Delicious food and the staff was very friendly to accommodate our Jain food requirements. Try the Paneer butter masala, totally worth it! Don't forget, Yelp check-in provides free mango lassi.
I love this little restaurant! Everything on the menu is delicious and the service is always great. Their butter chicken is amazing, and the lentil soup has really intricate flavors - absolutely delicious. I also love their chicken tikka and tikka masala - you really can't go wrong with any dish here! And don't forget e garlic naan :)
Tasty food and friendly staff. Been coming here a few years. The prices have risen lately, but still within my budget for Indian food.
Been here about a couple times now and I must say I like the place.
Service has been pretty good, the staff are friendly and attentive.
The food takes longer to make and prep, in my opinion, but worth the wait as soon as you get to eating!

What I've gotten the last two visits are the infamous Tikka Masala and Chicken Tandoori.

Tikka Masala - famous dish in all Indian places that they guarantee all first timers will like. Pieces of moist, tender chicken cooked in a tomato-y, gingery sauce! Very rich and hearty! Suggest you dip their freshly baked Garlic Naan in this sauce!

Chicken Tandoori - sizzling, marinated chicken cooked in the tandoor, on a bed of peppers and onions. Seasoned very well, comes out in the red color because of the spices. Moist and a little spicy for my palette but I still love the dish! Great to eat with their Basmati Rice!

I'm glad we took our friend, Sandra R, here for her first time. A bit scared at first because she hated the smell that ALL Indian places have. She liked it, definitely ate everything on her plate. Upon paying and getting ready to leave, the waiter was so sweet, providing a small bowl of mango ice cream and put a candle on it because it was her birthday. 

Small gestures are a plus!
Will definitely be coming back when craving Indian food!
I hope to try their buffet style one day, but available only from Monday - Sunday
11:00am to 3:00pm.
Late nite munchies and beer a winner on Leith. 

With their fantastic bar menu this place has become a real late night hit with Leithers. As one of the only places with a 2/3am closing time this place has become a buzz with late night customers. 

They serve up some cracking naans and dahls as well as an assortment of tasty seafood done in stunning fresh tasty sauces.!! If you have read many of my reviews you will know how I feel about seafood, they have theirs delivered fresh from newhaven ona regular basis and it really shows. 

For a meal its not a place for a quick bite to eat, best to order some nibbles and enjoy a beer as due to the fact the food is made to order the waiting times can be quite long. but hell is it worth it, lip smackingly good spice and ferocious flavour!! 

JD = Happy man! 

P.s. A must try for any Leither.
P.p.s Non Leithers stay away its our you cant have it
After a long wait I was finally at Guchhis last night for dinner. My partner was there for a meal a couple of weeks back and thought the week-day tapas menu was tasty and good value. Maybe if we'd had this option I would have left with a slightly more positive feelings about the place! On the plus side, it was a nice, bright restsurant with good space and a friendly atmosphere. The staff were very attentive and went to the effort of preparing my friend a surprise birthday pudding : ) 

However, I (and quite a few of our group) felt the menu was extremely over-priced for what turned out to be fairly ordinary food of extremely small portions. I was quite looking forward to my first ever tandoori dish which, at 15, proved to be a more than a wee bit dissapointing when 4 king prawns turned up on a plate : ( Tasty though they were...they were far from exceptional. The house wine was also a let down. A cheap supermarket wine, normally found in 3 for 10 offers, cost us 13.99 and we were only glad the curry killed the taste! 

I'd go back and give this place a second chance with their tapas menu....but suggest for the future they either lower their prices or increase their portions....and definately get their wines sorted out! 

Failing that, I'd take the money I would have spent, hopped on a bus to Methven in Perthshire and eat another meal of the most amazing indian food I've ever had! (A restaurant by the name of Chatni!)
We have been a few times and we've always had great service and fantastic food. Their indian tapas is a great deal, and their dahl is my favourite in Edinburgh.

A great addition to Leith
Had a lovely meal at Guchhi on Saturday night. The place was busy, but overall it didn't feel harried to dine there - in fact, it was the opposite. The tapas dishes were tasty (black lentils - all chipotle smoky goodness, what a surprise!) with only the chargrilled prawns feeling like the poorer child, but only in flavour, but beautifully cooked. Aloo chana was fantastic and sealed the meat-eating Silent Reviewer's fate as a chickpea lover (it won't be long now til I get him off bovine and onto bream and broccoli!). Sweet and sour haddock had a lovely delicate flavour - much more understated than that of the Chinese variety. 

For me, I wasn't a big fan of the naans we ordered, I found them too thin and dry, but the SR disagreed on that particular point. And 2-3 tapas dishes - more than plenty, especially when sharing, even though I really did want to squeeze in the scallops with chilli butter, we just couldn't. But, it's a place I want to return to, so hopefully next time, I will.
I really enjoyed Guchhi. I thought the quality of the dishes was very high, and the tapas selection had a really good variety to it. Service was first rate and I liked the decor of the place, too. Well worth a visit, I'd say.

Overall, we said: "Guchhi was really rather good, offering satisfying dishes at a very reasonable cost. It's a great late place, given that it serves until 2am, so I can imagine it's somewhere we may well visit again for late evening nibbles."
Ended up down the shore trying to avoid the festival madness on a rainy sunday afternoon and happened on Guchhi by accident. The food was excellent we had a mix of mussels, scallops, madras and chicken pakora on their 5 tapas for 20 deal. The nan and pilau rice that we ordered were a step above the average too. If you find yourself down the shore I would definately recommend a visit to Guchhi, great food and service.
Swings and roundabouts I have to say for Guchhi....I've been here a number of times as it is literally 3 minutes walk from where I live and tapas in any cuisine is my preferred way of eating. 

The first couple of times I went my partner and I loved it. The quality of the meat, seafood and cooking was excellent. The same goes for the service, excellent. 

However recently when we've been in we've had mix ups with our order (which we ended up paying for) and the quality of the dishes served just didn't seem to be up to scratch. 

I ordered the Chicken Pakora in there last weekend and some of the chicken came out raw in the middle...not good if you're nearly 6 months pregnant like me.

I don't think I'll be back there until a number of reviewers convince me otherwise to be honest - such a shame as it does have potential...
This place is the best Indian food my wife and I have ever had.
The service is excellent the atmosphere is perfect. 
If you Havant been you have to go. You won't be disappointed trust us.

Scott&Nikki
I went to Guchhi on a Saturday evening a couple of weeks ago. 

2 stars might appear a bit frugal to some of the Yelpers who swear by this place but I can assure you I did not make the decision lightly. It was carefully calculated by using a system which shall be explained in detail if you read on. 

The waiter took our drinks order and asked us if we wanted Poppadums to start with which we said yes to. 

The poppadums arrived with mango chutney and a hot and sweet onion dip which we demolished within seconds 

We ordered 4 items from the Tapas menu - The Chilli Tandoori Kind Prawns, Chilli Butter Scallops, Butter Chicken and Lamb Rogan Josh with Pilau Rice and Peshwari Naan. 

The waiter appeared a bit concerned that we only wanted 4 Tapas dishes between us and asked us several times if we were sure we only wanted those many. He almost seemed like a salesman whose commission earned was directly proportional to the dishes we ordered. 


The Chilli Tandoori King prawns - beautifully spiced and cooked to perfection - 5 stars 

Butter Chicken - pretty average - 2 stars

Lamb Rogan Josh - lamb was nice and tender but the sauce wasn't very flavoursome and missed the oomph that I had expected. - 2 stars

The Chilli Butter Scallops - Highly disappointing. We got 4 tiny (circumference of just over a 5 pence coin) scallops in their shells smothered in sauce which completely overpowered the delicate scallops - 1 star

The score averages to 2.5 stars. 

It may seem unfair but I had to take away 0.5 for being charged separately for the dips that were served with the poppadums which we hadn't explicitly ordered. 

It could've just been a bad day at the office for the chef and I do hope I am more impressed the next time I visit.
\\ L O C A T I O N \\

The general area of Commercial Street at the bottom of Leith is getting better. Although quite industrial at points, there is a real sense that in years to come it will be a lovely polished letter "L".


\\ G U C H H I \\

Inside the decor was quite fresh, not over crowded and quite typically modern Indian in my point of view (if you get what I mean) :
*[neat, tidy, relatively classy but not OTT, spacious, respectable, and all pulled together with soft mellow music playing in the background]*


\\ O F F E R S \\

Speaking of "Classy", a group of us had a Groupon vouched for 8 Tapas dishes and 4 cocktails! Worked out about 7.50 each with this offer. However, we did add on two naan breads, 2 rices, and were offered poppadoms and dips at the start (which we did actually think were complimentary..., and ended up not being). Add a bottle of rose and a cola to this and the total for added bits and pieces came to 31 (so pretty much another 8 per person for the Poppadoms & Dips, Half a Naan Bread & Half Rice, a Glass of Wine and a Shot of Cola if we had done so - which is reasonable per person but was quite sneaky regarding the "chip [poppadoms] & dip").

Having said that, 15 per person for what we had was quite good. The menu was filled with things I'd never heard of [being a less than part time Indian Foodie], so it took us a while to order but we finally got there!   


\\ F O O D \\

As a group we kind of ordered a bit of everything and planned to have a nibble of everything - don't think it really happened with us [probably cause the table was smothered with an array of different Indian cuisines] but the overall quality of the food was good. There was nothing I would say that was negative about the food but also I'd say that there was nothing spectacular about it either. 

One of the dips that was served at the start with the poppadoms was a spiced sauce with chunks of lime!... It was odd as I first thought it was some sort of vegetable but upon realising it's super juicy sour taste I stayed away from that one. I suppose it was kind of mixing the super hot chili with the lime to get a balance...


\\ G O O D   F O R \\

Groups,
Couples,
Friends,
Bar,
[Open until 2 AM which I presume the bar will be occupied mostly and also maybe for late night food servings - It delivers so I presume it caters for Take Away also]
I want to preface this entire review with: it really should and could be at least a four, and it's a really nice place and I liked it! I was swithering between three and two stars, but I'm giving it credit for potential.

Guchhi really has the stuff to make itself a hero of Leith, and I regret this will read as a pretty negative review... because instead of one big flaw dragging it down, which I could mention in passing and scoot on by, there are lots of little things that will take longer to talk about, making this probably sound more like a two-star review. So, again, reiterating - it's a really nice place and I liked it.

However, it's looking a bit tired on the outside - the door frame is peeling and tattered, but once I got in, I felt myself smile, because it's really quite lovely. Big high ceilings, clever decoration, a very lovely swinging egg chair (I WANT ONE!), warm and toasty, and a general sense of elegance.

We came on a Groupon deal for four tapas and two cocktails at about 16 (I can't remember the exact amount) and were fully prepared for a lovely seafood feast. However, the waiter swiftly informed us that all fish was off. Shellfish, fine, but no fishywishy. It hadn't come in off the boat. Well, I mean, I thought that the good part of that was that the fish they serve is fresh, but the bad part is that the fish they serve they actually don't serve. The manner in which the news was delivered to us suggested that this is very much standard routine at lunchtimes: half the menu (at least) is out of bounds. O...kay... So I plumped for a clam starter, Sarah L had the mussels, and we both went for a chickeny thing for main.

A big plus point is that my fear with tapas is a lack of size, and with only four between us I thought I would leave very hungry (even though we added some rice and chapatti to our order), but that wasn't an issue here. I had a bit of a job digging around to find the clams inside the shells under all that sauce, but despite their playful game of hide-and-seek, they were plentiful and tasty. My first clam experience! The butter chicken I had for main was nice - I'm not sure I'd pay the price on the menu for it, but it was nice. More my kind of thing than the clams, in fact, since I'm a fan of all things chicken.

It's also worth noting that we had booked the deal for last week, but they rang up and asked us to change it due to some kitchen issue or other.

The deal included cocktails, but alas, there was a mocktail fail. I think what I was delivered was actually, basically, just mango juice. It was nice, sure, but the girl had vowed some kind of mocktaily thing.

Ah yes, the girl. There were two tables occupied - ours, and another table of two. It's quite a big place, so it's a shame that it was so empty on a Friday lunchtime in such a good location. I guess sometimes I'd be inclined to forgive cold and unsmiling service if a place were heaving with people, thinking "gosh, it must be so tough to deal with all of these people; I know I could never do this job well". But really, when there are four people in your restaurant, it's not hard to raise a bit of conversation or at least smile, rather than saying the bare minimum. This wasn't Voucher Treatment (I know some people say they're ill-treated because they come on a voucher) because she was like it from the off, before Sarah presented the voucher. So... she was just naturally mardy.

So, in summary: no fish dishes (in which they're supposed to specialise), unfriendly and somewhat dilatory service, lame attempt at some kind of non-alcoholic cocktail, BUT nice place, decent food, good portions. I do want to go back, perhaps in an evening, and try it again. Because, like I said, it's lovely - or it ought to be. It's got all the potential, and it clearly has been for other Yelpers in the past.
I've only been once, but I'll certainly be returning. A smaller, unassuming Indian family restaurant serving South Indian food.

We went off the beaten track and ordered food I'd never seen anywhere else before - battered mashed potato (stunning),  chili Idli (stunning), and lamb Tanjore (very nice). We also had a paneer dosa that was fantastic.

Their home made lemonade was lovely, certainly worth trying.

The food was very fresh, the service was fairly quick considering that the meals were being prepared fresh - we saw the dosa being made (very much like a fresh pizza).

Marked down from 5 because of it being a cash only establishment, leading to some pocket searching between us. They really do need to get card payments sorted out.
Gorgeous food - vast tablecloth-sized dosa pancakes wrapped around spicy potato fillings, with a selection of dips and sauces alongside. The chennai fish curry was delicious, and the crab curry just amazing .. once we worked out how to eat whole little crabs! It's a bit of a bare wee room, and noisy when lots of people are in, but it's worth it for the food.
Curry = good. Pancake = good. Curry + pancake = great. 

South Indian cuisine is becoming more popular these days and with good reason, as it always feels a bit lighter than the usual curry stodgefest. 

I think curry is much improved by the additional tastes and textures of dosas, idlis and other doughy delights, especially in combination with the various dips and sauces that always accompany them. Check out my photo to see how huge the dosa is. Everything is fairly cheap so it's easy to try a number of small things, and if you can't decide what to have for your main, just about everything comes in a mini starter size.

I would be happy just dipping pieces of the light pancake in all the delicious dips and sauces, but when you also have some tasty curry inside, it's the gift that keeps on giving. If you're bored of the usual curry standards then this place is for you.
Mmmm...crepe wrapped curries.
Family owned, super friendly,
B.Y.O.B...Too!
For South Indian style cuisine, Tanjore is the best we've found in Edinburgh, so far. Their dosas have considerable wow factor, and made me a convert to their cause. The place is very welcoming, keeps things nicely informal, and you have a good opportunity to see the chefs at work. Dishes are high on flavour, and represent excellent value. 

Overall, we said: "I was highly impressed by Tanjore. For this style of South Indian food, it was as good as I've experienced in the city. This is definitely a place that I'll be visiting again, in the future, so if you like the sound of it, do give me a shout when you're planning to go, as I'd be happy to join you!"
I love this place, it is so authentic, it reminds me of being in India. The staff are wonderful, the space is clean and bright, the menu is overwhelming. 

It is cheaper than the vegetarian restaurant kalpna which is just a few doors down, though I can't decide which is best. I have to say that the dosas at Kalpna are the best I have tried in Edinburgh, but tanjore does a good job. There are so many options, including uttapam, idli, dosas and thalis. I usually go for the addictive masala dosa, which comes accompanied with various chutneys and sambar.

If you want to try really authentic Indian food, do come here! Expect great service in a casual setting and really lovely food.
I recently joined Blythe R here for lunch with the purpose of reviewing and we were both pretty well impressed with the place but I'll try to stick to my own opinion here as you can see his below.

First up, I wandered in on my own and made a pig's ear of communicating my booking arrangement to the staff and somehow got sat at the wrong table, only to realise that another large table was being quickly set up because I had sat at the wrong one. When realised my booking was for two and not six and, embarrassed,  communicated this (I'm sure they had already realised) they didn't show the slightest irritation and happily moved my to another table. 

Service was exemplary, friendly and efficient. Once our orders of dosa, idli and utthapam  were taken, there was a bit of a wait, but this was deemed well worth it when it emerged that our food had been made fresh to our order, and was frankly delicious. We wanted for nothing throughout the meal as service remained attentive but not at all intrusive. 

Another great part of the experience was that advice we received regarding the menu was honest and we weren't up-sold or overly full by the end. 

The value is as great the South Indian food and I will be going here again, soon.
We had a hankering for some South Indian cuisine so we thought we'd check out Tanjore...

Our meal was incredible. We had the crab curry and a masala dosa.

The masala dosa is a South Indian classic and these guys really do it justice.

The soft-shell crab curry with coconut rice was pretty mind-blowing too; Full of interesting textures and flavours!

Everything seemed to be prepared fresh using fresh ingredients and herbs.

The restaurant was clean and the service was prompt and friendly!
I've been going to tanjore ever since it opened I've been to and ordered from many a Indian restaurant in Edinburgh and I have to say no other Indian restaurant comes close to beating tanjore in price or taste. I've tried quite a few dishes on the menu and a few of the new dishes as well and I've never had anything to say other than amazing for all of them. I can't name any favourites as I love all of them! Go and try for yourself! Highly recommended.
Wow, this is authentic. I've never been to India but dined with people who had and even they were very much impressed by Tanjore! From the minute I stepped in the door, I felt like I was in India, at least how I'd imagined a restaurant in India would look. The decor is great with Indian wall hangings on the walls and ceiling, giving a cosey, decorative feel. 

I had a masala dosai, something I'd never heard of before but which was recommend to me. So tasty! I love Indian food and I'd say I'm a curry girl through and through. But I couldn't help but get excited when I caught sight of the giant curry filled crepe presented before me with a range of sauces and dips, most of which were to my tastes! (Although I wasn't too keen on the mint dip!) They're a generous size but light and just as filling as a main course should be. I had a mango lassis which is a thick mango flavoured drink, almost like a milkshake. It was so delicious that I struggled not to finish it before my meal arrived!

We had a range of desserts to share which were incredible too. Everything I had to eat in Tanjore blew my tastebuds away. The service seemed a little slow but perhaps we only noticed since we were in a bit of a rush. They don't accept cards so remember to bring cash, we had to pop out to get some! All in all, a taste of India in Edinburgh. I'll happily return!
For a fairly impromptu mid-price meal in honour of my friend's new flat and job, Tanjore did the trick nicely. The clean and compact interior feels welcoming enough and fuses East and West nicely with elephant embroidery on the ceiling around a classic chandelier.

We both boggled at the sheer range on offer within the menu's numerous pages - which include an entire page devoted solely to vegetarian starters - before eventually selecting our meals. She plumped for Chennai fish curry with mint rice, and I decided on Chicken Tanjore with lemon rice.

We were both happy with the delicate balance of flavours in our curries, and my friend's mint rice was pretty special too. The sweetness of the parotta was also a great accompaniment to the spicy flavours of the other food.

The service, though, was a little laboured and perfunctory from most quarters (we had three different waiters over the course of the evening; a special mention goes out to the young chap who served us last, though, with a smile that lit the room). I was waiting for my friend to arrive for a good ten minutes and was not asked if I wanted a drink. Similarly, nobody checked on us during our meal to see if everything was ok.

Our bill came to just under 35, which is really rather good for what we got, but I can't help feeling that the experience would have left a warmer glow in my memory if the staff had been a little more attentive and personable. I wouldn't object to another trip here but it's not somewhere I'd specifically recommend.
Been wanting to come here since the place opened and finally got organised this weekend. The restaurant looked a bit tightly packed with tables, but once seated there seemed to be plenty of space. Modern Asian decorations with some interesting touches here and there. Nothing too out there and it did manage to conjure up a comfortable feeling to the place. The service was great from the minute we got in through to getting the bill. The menu is extensive with some really interesting bits and bobs I haven't seen elsewhere. The waiter discussed the specials with us and the orders were in. 

Papadam and dips were a highlight nothing too exciting about the dips but the pickle was different to any others I have tried. It seemed like it was homemade rather than from a jar. Thumbs up from me. We ordered 4 Papadams and it looked more like 6 or 7 we were given. :D

The starters were met with mixed options the chicken and squid tanjores were excellent as were the accompanying salads. The Rasa Vadai seemed a little strange we hadn't had Vadai before but it didn't leave an experience that we wanted to repeat in a hurry. The Rasam it was severed in was lovely though. Just in case you haven't tried it, Rasam is Indian tomato soup and well worth a try. 

The mains were mixed and I forget what my dinner companions ordered but everything was excellent. Both veggies and carnivores alike loved there choices. I went for the special of the day which was rice with a mango/tamarind fish curry with Idli on the side. Lidls were new to me and were steamed rice and lentil cakes. They didn't really taste of much but they did go well with the curry. The curry had lots of fish but the tamarind was overpowering everything leaving the dish tasting a little bitter. It was really nice just not great.

I will be heading back to try some more of the menu as I think the special didn't really work for me, but my companions loved their curries. If the fish curry had been a little more mango and a little less tamarind this would be a 5 star review, as all the other dishes were amazing.
This was a rather surreal experience - I wasn't blown away at the time, but the more I thought about my dosa, the more I liked it, and the more I wanted to go back. So perhaps this is a 3.5 star really rather than a 4. 

Anyway, buyer beware - it's cash only and BYOB. Next!

LOADS of vegetarian options - and lots of interesting and exciting sounding things that really got the mouth watering. I couldn't decide between the augergine curry, or a dosa, and I plumped for the latter. Lucky for me, my friend ordered the aubergine curry - perfect! I like a 2 for 1 deal (OK so maybe she got to eat a *little* bit). 

We also checked out the parotta bread, mainly because we didn't know what it was, and had a couple of starters (spinach and paneer dumping for me - not as exciting as I thought they would be, and chicken pakora). 

When the dosa appeared, I had the customary reaction of holy moly, it's HUGE - and full of potato, and herbs, not strong flavours, but grew on it as I munched away. It came with some soupy thing, which was pleasant, and some dips to support the dosa, some better than others. The parotta was a novelty and felt deliciously unhealthy. 

The most strange part was the service, which was all over the place - slow to take orders, and then we were pretty much told to hurry up eating our starter, as our main was ready. After rushing through the starter, we abandoned our remaining poppadum, which was then shook at us to keep eating. It felt all rather... odd. It is definitely not a romantic, nor the most luxurious meal, but a week later, I'm missing my dose-a dosa, and I'd be happy to go back. Looking at other Indian restaurant menus just makes me think, hmm, I'd rather go back to Tanjore. That must be good, right?
As a curry lover it is always nice to find somewhere which has a slightly unique spin on (probably) one of this nations favourite things... Tanjore is a real South Indian restaurant, no standard chicken tikka masala or vindaloo here. Instead what is served is a selection of rich curries (I think most contain yoghurt or coconut milk) cooked well, with an emphasis on vegetarian options and fish.

Ok, that is the good, the bad is that the service is just uneven, never unpleasant but perhaps not that interested or simply not aware of where people are in their meals. Others have noted this too, so I don't feel I need to push the issue, however it is a shame.

All in All Tanjore offers good and different curry and it is BYOB establishment, so I will be back, they just need to sort the service out a little.
This place is fantastic!   I was not expecting to find delicious Indian food...a BYO at that, while on vacation in Scotland, but I'm so happy we did.  The food was delicious and unlike any other Indian food I've had in the states, as we  mostly have northern Indian cuisine.  I love the intricate use of spices and coconut milk as opposed to heavy creams as is common with northern Indian cuisine.  The prices were very reasonable and the service was absolutely lovely.  If this place were near me in the states I'd be bringing all my friends there!
The food was excellent. I agree with the other reviews on this. 

My concern is cleanliness - the waiter dropped utensils on the floor, then picked them up and continued setting tables. He sneezed on the dishes [not ours - I would have sent it back]. He noticed a piece of gunge on my wife's plate and scraped it off with his fingernail  [we did get a clean plate].

The toilets were very clean and neither of us got sick but we probably would not go back until the health inspector does a thorough review of this place. Too bad - as I stated, the food was excellent.
We summed it up: "GO, go now before they get that star and can charge much, much more for what is by far and away the best Indian food we've ever had." Book now!
Had been given some recommendations to try this restaurant. It turned out to be a great decision. The food was absolutely amazing and has to be some of the best Indian food I've ever had. The service was excellent and really couldn't fault a thing about the whole night. Highly recommended - the lobster was the real highlight. A little more expensive than your average Indian restaurant but then it's not your average Indian.
I was lucky enough to get the opportunity to come here for a business lunch, and well let's say my work rate declined in the afternoon with a belly full of such delicious food!

It's the fine dining posh sister of the famous Kushi's restaurant. We arrived and the atmosphere is tranquil and calm, a morning rushing around was soon forgotten as the ambiance worked it's magic on me.

We plumped for the taster menu and started with an unusual chicken salad wrapped in lettuce leaves with grated testy green apple on top. This set the scene for an amazing menu of tasty, unique indian dishes. Having lived in Singapore for two years I've been spoilt with some fantastic Indian dining experiences. But this has to be said was the most unique, flavorful taste sensation I've had.

As it was a business lunch we didn't try the wine selection which looked good, but we did try some of the mocktails which really stood out. I had a watermelon and fresh ginger mix which really went well together and perfectly balanced the food.

The service was really friendly and we had some amusing banter, without it being over the top. 

I would very, very highly recommend this if you're looking for somewhere different at that end of town. They also have a newly opened bar area which is a nice laid back area to enjoy a refreshment or two. I'll definitely be back for more than one visit.
We only went for cocktails, but what lovely cocktails they were: so many original creations featuring fresh fruit (passion fruit, pomegranate, pineapple, raspberry) and other flourishes. And if you didn't fancy the special cocktails on the menu, the bartenders were happy to make you anything you desired, and they made it very well. I was pleasantly surprised.
when you think indian restaurant, probably the last thought that comes to mind is amazing cocktail bar!  but Mithas isn't just your average indian, while they do have an outstanding restaurant (sadly which i have yet to try!) they have also extended their venture and a few months previously opened a truly excellent wine and cocktail bar.

entering Mithas is like entering a very swish five star hotel and with a quick turn to the right the bar sits.  loads of dark work and a nicely proportioned seating area with about 4-5 high seats at the actual bar itself.  the wine and cocktail menu is large, but not so large that it's difficult to decide on what you want.  being on a cocktail quest we of course all immediately focused on the two pages of speciality cocktails to decide our drinks.  my first was called Devil's Candy a delicious mixture of gin muddled with pomegranate and mint, a touch of lemon, and topped up with ginger beer.  but the art of the drink was more than just liquid mixed together, my drink was topped with incredibly garnish and a spray of gold dust!  it actually looked like christmas in a glass!!  

my second drink of the night was a classy martini called the Absolut Passion.  a martini glass dipped in sugar arrived with a mixture of vodka with fresh strawberry puree, fresh passion fruit, and a sweet touch of gomme syrup.  on first sip i was pretty much in love!  this may have been a boozy drink, but it went down an absolute treat!  i definitely would have ordered another if it hadn't been a school night!

in addition to the gorgeous cocktails, the staff at Mithas are incredibly lovely.  very very accomodating and welcoming.  the bartender was an absolute gem mixing up loads of cocktails for our group and the wait staff even brought out a delicious salad with tender chicken for us to enjoy while we drank.  definitely the kind of treatment that you want at such a lovely place.

the only negative i can see for Mithas wine and cocktail bar is the price.  cocktails started at about 7 which is what most people would expect to pay on george street, but not down in leith.  however, i felt like the quality of the cocktails definitely justified the price and i would happily pop back here for a few pre or post dinner at one of the many restaurants at the shore.
Did I come here for Indian food? No, I came for cocktails. But I shall return for an Indian feast!

As part of the Yelp Cocktail Quest, headed up by the Cocktail Queen Robyn Z, we were in Leith and ready to get our cocktail on. Our original plan of Bond No 9 was dropped when Blythe suggested Mithas - one of the best Indian restaurants in Edinburgh, who recently opened a new cocktail bar. My curiosity was peaked!

And what cocktails they were. It's a small bar area, and it was empty on a Wednesday night. They mixed me a margarita tout de suite, and it was perfect. It's hard to do a margarita above and beyond the usual excellent, but it's easy to get it wrong: and I find its a good way to judge a place on its skills. This was a great margi, so I knew we were in good mixologist hands.

The Rakput (?) was a muddled raspberry and vodka affair, that was garnished with a whole chilli and also had chilli in the cocktail. You could really taste it, in an pleasant way, and not chilli syrup or 'essenence of'; but real chilli.

By the third cocktail I'd gotten into a very interesting discussion with Julie G on Japanese feminism and the rest of the night is a blur. The cocktails were that good.

I have heard only good things about the food, and given its mainly a restaurant and I've yet to try their food, I can't give it 5 stars just yet. But I will return to try it all, and will leave time to visit the cocktail bar first before my meal too.
right, i've been back to try the food and just wow!  definite 5 stars from me!!

Jenny L and i arranged a girl date so we could dine and drink and belatedly celebrate her new job and what better place the Mithas.  from the moment we walked in til the moment we left the service was impeccable and the staff so friendly and helpful.  i love the design of this place, dark work with splashed of bright colours!  the tables are set a good distance apart so you don't feel like you are on top of the people dining next to you but there is still a good atmosphere and buzz from the room.

the menu is well laid out, with a few set menu/tasting menu options and also an a la carte menu to choose from.  we went a la carte ordering the scallops and crab cakes for starters and a lamb curry and roasted duck dish for mains.  (i apologise as the names of all these dishes is long forgotten!! thankfully not the taste though)  before our starters arrived we were treated to a little mug of spicy tomato soup that was delicious and warm if a wee bit on the spicer side for me.  

starters arrived in good time and the scallops came in their shells with a delightful sauce and the crab cakes with a nicely dressed side salad.  we spilt everything and i have to say it was all delicious.  the crab cakes especially as they were full of crab and really well blended spices that were both warming while also giving a slight kick at the end.  they were washed down well with our cocktails.  mains arrived next and were just outstandingly good.  i've eaten a lot of curries, but these were just so above anything i'd tried before.  the spices were well blended and so flavourful the duck and lamb was super tender and everything just made my mouth happy with a palate of spice, warmth, and general deliciousness.  although we were getting full, we did struggle to eat the majority of the meal because neither of us wanted it to go to waste!  also we managed to squeeze in dessert, jenny the poached pear and me the seasonal dessert of warm chocolate cake with liquid centre.  all delicious with cinnamon and hazelnut ice creams.

overall an incredibly amazing meal!  the prices are a bit higher than you'd pay for a normal indian, but well worth it.  i cant' wait to go back!!
I'm wavering between a 4 and a 5 star - really in this case, there isn't much in it. By the time I stop writing you will know which way I went...

I've been curious to try Mithas for a while - it's definitely going for the fine dining edge and service is efficient, brisk and detailed. We, unfortunately, didn't dress for the occasion, but thankfully were not turfed out for such insolence. 

Now, this review, being during the World Cup, will be a tale of two halves. 

First Half - Food
One of these days I'll return for the tasting menu, I think that will be fun times. 

First, we were presented with a drink - passionfruit and pomegranate I think, the waitress forgot to tell us, and we forgot to ask. It was lovely, nonetheless. It came with a selection of dips that could be matched with our starters - tomato and beetroot, spiced tomato chutney etc. They looked lovely, but I was so engrossed in the starter, I clean forgot to try them.

For starters, we split the vegetarian platter - it was a little awkward, as everything came out in 2's, but there was three of us. But, apart from that, the food itself, as my fellow diner commented, was a really refreshing change, with nary a deep fried dish in sight. Fried paneer with a spicy edge; a cake made of yam (for me, too soggy); spinach cake stuffed with figs (my favourite); and mushrooms, also stuffed and spiced (too spicy for me). 

Next up: mains. Chicken for the Silent Reviewer, South Indian prawn curry for the divine Ms M and for myself, baby aubergines. Again, the aubergine was a little too spicy for me, and my tastebuds died in a spice overload, but the prawn curry was lovely, creamy, and formed a tasty contrast to my dish. We also had the bread basket (I've had better naan elsewhere, but they were ok) and pilau rice. The portion sizes were good as well - not excessive, nor too small, that we all finished up satisfied. Dishes were not greasy either, another win for Mithas. 

Overall - food was lovely, well cooked (and cooked fresh, so you do have to wait) and nicely presented. Next time I'll have to ask to tone down the spice to make it more palatable for me, and that 4 stars will go up to 5. 

Second Half - Drinks
Alright, so we had had a couple of wines before entering, and if we hadn't, we probably would have been much more behaved on the drinks front, but boy, I'm glad that our inhibitions had been cast aside, because WE MADE THE RIGHT CHOICE (even if my head did hurt a little this morning). The Divine Ms M and I both opted for the cocktail sampling menu (poor, poor sober Silent Reviewer was our designated driver). This menu more than matched the food menu. Five cocktails for twenty pounds is an absolute steal as well, especially at this level of quality. 

Starting out with a watermelon and vodka aperitif (ginger, crushed watermelon and vodka) was a winning start. Every flavour was nicely balanced and outrageously good. It was then I met the love of my lift that evening ( a girl can have many, many loves of course) - hazelnut and sparkling wine - just hands down phenomenal - I would drink that forever. This was swiftly followed up with a Jack Daniels martini - from the coolness of watermelon and sweetness of hazelnut, it was a shock to the tastebuds, but a good one - the abrasiveness of the whisky tempered by the mixologist (involving pineapple) to a much more smooth level. Then onto the Red Salute - a fruitier, sweeter number with lychee that had been the original draw for me - but actually more forgettable than some of it's predecessors. Finally, a Guilty Pleasure - a creamy frothy number with jasmine tea that just tasted like a boozy chai tea, a dreamy way to draw our way to a close and for us to pour ourselves out and into the car home. 

** the cocktail tasting menu was *technically* supposed to be served at the bar with bar snacks - but we didn't notice that when we ordered, and got it anyway. As the waitress first warned us - you will have 7 shots and 115ml of sparkling wine, so please me hearties... do not drink this menu and think to drive!

Summary: Food 4 stars, but more like 4.5 going on 5
Cocktails: 3/5 for me were the best cocktails I have ever tasted; the remaining 2 were worthy runners up. 5 stars
Service: 5 stars, nice even when the restaurant was closing up and we were the only ones left

Alright you got me - this is 5 stars of deliciousness. A fantastic way to spend a Saturday night!
Empress of India is far and away the best Indian food in K-W. I have tried a number of other places around here and they don't come close. I've grown up eating Indian food on a regular basis, including going to India for it. And believe me, this is as close as you'll get to the real deal in K-W.

Often times people are daunted by the sheer number of things on an Indian menu, and this restaurant is no exception. To get you started, I recommend trying their Veg Pakoras, Tandoori chicken, Amritsari fish, Dal Makhani, Garlic Naan and Chana. That's a fair bit of food across the board to get you going.

The atmosphere is nice and cozy. It gives the feeling of a traditionally cooked meal, rather than a pre=packaged commercialized food experience.

Now, I know lots of people who try Indian food for the first time are worried about spice. And not to worry, the food here is not too hot. I have brought many people here who are "noobs" in the Indian food world and they absolutely loved it... And left with their tongues intact, and their bellies full.
This restaurant is excellent if you want great Indian food whether you want to dine in the restaurant or take it back to your dorm.  It is a little pricey for students, but the quality is well-worth the slightly higher expense in my opinion.  I have only ever tried their vegetarian curries, however these have all been excellent.  Their paneer tastes light and fresh, and their chickpea masala is delicious, with just the right amount of spice.  They have an excellent selection of tame to hot curries, though you're not going to find anything too intensely spicy.  If you dine in the restaurant you will get complimentary papadum with two tasty chutneys.  The servers are very helpful and polite.  
I'm very happy that they seem to have replaced whoever was constantly burning the naan.
Kids took me for Father's day... Yummy stuff. I normally do not like to eat fish except sushi, but I'd go back in a heartbeat for the Amritsari Fish:
Fresh Halibut marinated in garlic & ginger paste, lemon juice, 
special Indian spices and deep fried garnished with salad and lemon. Also had the veggie Pakora, Samosa, Naan and the Tandoori platter. Other mains were the Chicken Korma, Lamb Vindaloo and Dahl. While I wasn't wild about the tandoori platter, everything else was excellent, especially the lamb Vindaloo. Excellent value and capable, attentive service. Can't wait for my next visit.
Mattar Paneer is my go-to dish at Indian restaurants and Empress of India makes it pretty well. I've tried the Channa Masala, Vegetable Korma and the Vegetable Samosas and all are quite good.

It's hard to find good Indian food in Waterloo. Most places I've tried in the area have fairly tasteless and watery food. Empress of India is not like that.

If you're a student, flash your card and they'll take 10% off. I learned this after the guy ringing up my order saw my WatCard in my wallet haha
This is a true little gem.  I am perhaps the world's greatest critics of Indian / Nepalese restaurants as I know what I like and they often don't live up to my standards.  I've got my favourite restaurants that I frequent and I do often try others but 99% of the time I leave disappointed.  

I'm very happy to say that when I went to The Gurkha Cafe this was the other 1%.  I was anything but disappointed!!!  

The interior of this place is really cool, it feels like you're in a little hut as it has open wooden beams all over the ceiling.  I felt as thought I'd taken a plane east by just stepping through the door.  The interior really does set the tone and makes a lovely change from other restaurants in Edinburgh.  

I saw someone at the table next to me drinking a Nepalese Gurkha beer so I decided when in Rome...  It was not a bad beer and went well with the food but for 4.95 for 660mls it wasn't so cheap.  Worth it for the label though.  

I went for the Mo Mo Cha Nepalese chicken dumplings to start and you could choose this either steamed or fried.  I went for steamed and was SO glad that I did as they were delicious.  I was a bit apprehensive but they were very tasty.  They were crescent moon shaped and there were lots of them - I'm sure I had at least 5 and was full after the starter alone as they certainly didn't scrimp on the portion sizes!  What made this dish though was the sauce that accompanied it.  I couldn't work out what was in it and it didn't say on the menu but this was a tasty little number.  I want to say it was mustard as that's what it looked like but I hate the stuff so know it certainly wasn't that.  No matter what was in it, it was divine and just pushed this dish over the edge and into the exquisite category.  

My companion had the chicken satay to start with.  This wasn't the usual Asian chicken satay that you'd normally expect as this was with a Nepalese twist.  The size of this dish could have easily passed for a main course!  There were huge chunks of chicken under a rich, tomato / barbeque style sauce.  As I said, not like the usual peanut style satay but still good.  Not as good as my dumplings though - top tip!!!  :)

Another good thing about this place (to add to the huge list) is you can specify how mild or how hot you'd like your meal to be so the dishes really are made to your specific requirements.  

For main course I ordered the chicken korma.  When ordering in fact, I asked the waiter what he recommended by telling him what I liked.  I know a lot of people think, 'boring old korma' but this restaurant gave this dish a new lease of life.  The tastes and flavours in this dish were phenomenal.  That's what I love about Nepalese even more than Indian restaurants, they use even more herbs and spices to create the perfect flavours.  Yummy!!!  Again the portion sizes were very generous but it was so tasty that I couldn't stop eating until I'd finished it all.  

My fellow diner had the chicken garlic and chilli if I remember correctly.  It came out still cooking on a hot plate and the colours of the dish made for great presentation.  The quantity as well as quality of this dish was unbelievable, we could have easily shared this alone without starters and still left full I'm sure.  She only managed a quarter of it as it was!  As I said above, although this dish is made with chilli she asked for it to be mild and it suited her just perfectly.  

We ordered rice and a peshwari nan to go with the main courses.  The nan was lovely, lighter than most nans which was a good thing considering the amount of food and it came in a basket cut into pizza style slices.  

This place really does have it all - you can't get a more central location, the highest of quality food with flavours bursting in every mouthful, good friendly service and a different yet cool interior.  It's a winner!!!  

As if you can't tell already, I love this place.  Take whatever I've written and imagine I love it 100% more then you'll be getting a bit closer to understanding how much I enjoyed this meal and now love this restaurant.  Honestly, the only thing left to say is try it for yourself.  I'm sure you won't be disappointed and if you are then you can always take the left overs away for me:)
No complaints- friendly staff, unforgettable food. The flavours are so deep and intense! I love it! Go for the lunch deal- really good value. The first time round I got the Dal Makhani, which was DELICIOUS, and the second time I got the Rajma Aloo which was equally good. I wish I could go back but I don't know when I'll be in Edinburgh again :(
We started with chicken momo. They were good, a bit like a curried ravioli. The sauce tasted a bit like a spicy tomato pasta sauce, making it seem even more like a twisted Italian dish. They were good, none the less.
I got my bhuteko khasi (lamb) as hot, and it was a bit spicy but not nearly what I expected. The taste was great for this dish.  We also had the rasilo chicken which, at medium spice, was not hot at all. I preferred my lamb.
Hungry? Want to leave Edinburgh and go to a hotel for dinner in Kathmandu? in Gurka cafe you will think you have arrived. Quality service, homemade authentic Nepalese food (Italian but better with Chinese Influence). 
They guy cant do enough for you. I think next time I go I will ask for a camel steak just to see if they manage to find one! They managed everything else when I took a group of fifteen crazy Americans there. 
A credit to your nation and an asset to Edinburgh
The staff were great and didn't push too hard in that way that Indian restaurants sometimes do to get you to buy more food. I found the lamb Achari not spicy enough, even at hot level. The vegetable korma was a tad sweet, but all overall good. 

They're great for large late parties, even ones with an extra 4 people who unexpectedly turned u 35 after the rest
Our group of 4 had one of the best meals here, and I think it's safe to say the best meal we had during our stay in Edinburgh. The staff were absolutely delightful and only added to the experience. This would be a regular place for me if I lived nearby!
trying to find a meal late at night, we ducked in here and got one of the best meals of our trip
Not perfect but pretty damn close... Excellent spice, decent heat when ordering "hot", nice service, funky atmosphere. I've never had Nepalese but I've had scads of Indian. It was delicious!
Check your bill, they charged use for a pickle tray we said no to; it's only a 1.50 but still. I'm glad I caught it and they fixed it no problem.
Khushi's has recently moved here from Victoria Street, and it's easy to see why it's doing so well.

Yes, it's true that Edinburgh has more than it's fair share of easy-on-the-pennies indian restaurants to choose from, but this place definitely ranks among the better ones. Even just from walking past the door, the smell alone makes you hungry.

It mainly caters for groups of students - it's the obvious choice for sports teams on their nights out or birthday meals, largely because they don't charge any corkage for bringing your own wine and beer (spirits aren't allowed). If you're not boozing, then you have to try their home-made fruit juice creations... I went for the Cucumber, Mint and Rock Salt, and although it sounds more than a little bit weird it was actually really tasty! The carrot and orange was a close second place.

The starters will set you back 3-5 each, and you could do a lot worse than the Sunhari Jhinga (king prawns fried in spiced batter... crispy and amazing). The mains range from 7-12, although they're not hugely imaginative - all the predictable dishes you'd expect to find on the menu in an Indian place. 

Being predictable, however, doesn't stop them from being delicious.
I have a bit of a grudge against Khushi's - in its old incarnation of Victoria Street a kitchen fire burnt down one of my favourate bars next door. So grr.

Anyway, me and a party of 27 others turned up to Khishi's to celebrate with a curry and a few drinks with the bring your own bottle policy that they have at Khushi's. The restaurant is suprisingly big, being able to easily cater to such a huge group - and it is really modern looking inside, which is a nice change to other Indian restaurants I have been in.

The staff were incredably friendly, helpful and just generally nice - as well as being excellently efficient and fast as we ordered from our menu's, which had a large selection of traditional and modern indian dishes.

When our food arrived I was over joyed - it tasted fabulous and the portions were the perfect size for me. Sides such as rice and naan were also great, if a bit small and stingy.

Anyway, Khushis's has more than made up for burning down that bar - by providing great food, good atmosphere and an excellent night overall!
After a dramatic burn down of this large restaurant on Victoria Street, they reopened a smaller version quite close to the university central campus. It's still managed to keep its good quality Indian food, I am a particular fan of the chicken bryanny and added to this it there is a BYOB policy with no cork free!

On rugby nights or weekend nights I would suggest you book in advance. Also don't give in to the sometimes pushy waiters who want you to order more than you want or make choices too fast. Also the low ceilings make it quite noisy so sit in the lower room if you get a chance!
This is yet another four star because Kushi's is pretty good.  The fact that it has a BYOB policy makes it ideal for big group meals prior to nights out.  I came here with a large group of friends once last year on a Friday evening and the place was heaving with both floors full and roaring noise.  The service was pretty slow because of this and we were waiting for at least 45 minutes for our main courses to arrive.  I opted for the lamb bhuna with rice and a plain naan which was delicious and the portion was ample for a night on the tiles.  My friend ordered the tandoori chicken which just about blew her head off with the heat of the chillies.  Most of their mains cost about 8 and the sides are all pretty well priced, making it a relatively cheap evening out.  
Khushi's offers great food in a lively, comfortable atmosphere which is ideal for a fun, tasty group meal.
Deep flavour, not at all greasy, just fanastic food. Very nice/good service (patient, even with a group of knackered drunken-but-not-rowdy designers), inexpensive, and BYO. What's not to like?
Khushi's has been serving Indian food to Edinburgh residents since 1947, so is woven in to the fabric of the city. This new place sticks to their tried, tested and trusted formula.

Overall, we said: "This isn't a new restaurant at all. It's the same old Khushi's. If you like it, and loads of people do, you're going to be delighted with this new outlet. For me it's ordinary and doesn't provide anything fresh...It's so well-established in the Edinburgh dining consciousness that I'm confident it will continue to be a successful business in its new location. I can't see me paying a repeat visit anytime soon, though, as it lacks any spark to raise it above being merely OK."
Despite living in Edinburgh for almost 4 years, I hadn't made it to any of the infamous Khushi restaurants so decided to pay a visit for my birthday night out. 

I had a booking for 10 people, for a two hour slot, and was quite surprised at just how busy it was for a week night between Christmas and New Years. The Khushi reputation clearly drives a great trade.... 

Having made an "executive" decision to dine from the Christmas set menu (18.95 pp), minimising the agonies  of making a selection from the vast a-la carte and the squabbles over "who had what" when it came to paying the bill, I was very impressed with the selection (and quantity) of the offering. 

A pre-starter of Pickles and Popadoms kept us going while we waited for the last few of the party to arrive, followed by a variety of starters including the typical Chicken Tikka, Onion Bhajii and Pakora. The main course selection included a tender Lamb Jalfrezi, tasty Fish Curry and Chicken Korma, served with rice and Naan. There was something to cater for the taste of everyone. It was a perfect way to try a selection of different dishes.

The food was served buffet style and there was plenty to go around, I'd be surprised if anyone could have managed dessert after such a feast. 

Coupled with the BYOB offering with no corkage charge, the night was a success....great value for money. My only niggle would be the constant reminder from the waiting staff of the two hour booking slot, not only to me but also to some of my guests which I felt added an unnecessary sense of urgency to the experience. 

Will definately visit again to dine from the a-la carte menu.
Bah. You know when you keep giving somewhere just another chance because it used to be good? Well, I think last night was the night I gave up. 

I used to love Khushi's in Victoria Street. It was a dramatic building, and I had some great food there. 

Then it burnt down, and they moved to a fairly boring cellar under the Pear Tree and - I don't know, seemed to lose their way. Sauces were boring and tasted 'out of a jar', and worse, the staff would positively force feed you to get you out fast. But I reasoned to myself that I had gone during the festival and at Christmas, and nowhere is at its best when it's so busy. 

Finally, Khushi has its new home, in Antigua Place at the top of Leith Walk. It's taken over a big space that used to be Massimo's (I miss Massimo's), and from the outside it looks bright and cheerful and the place-to-be. 

So last night I called and asked for a reservation for four. They had a table, though we'd have to be out in 90 minutes. That seemed fair, we just wanted a quick meal. 

From the second we arrived, though, it all went wrong. We were shown into a bare 'overspill' room off to the side, harassed to order fast, and then the unsmiling waiter announced that he'd 'bring your starters and mains at the same time, because you have to be out soon'. Charming...

And so he did, slapped everything down and off he went, to practise his lack of social skills on someone else. 

The food was okay, I suppose - fish pakora were tasty, the veg pakora a bit dry for my liking. My tandoori monkfish - I've had it before there and loved it, but last night it was a bit overcooked. And... maybe not actually monkfish? The texture just wasn't quite right so I was suspicious. 

Anyway, we ate, we got full. Mostly it was basic British Indian food in over-creamy sauces. And we were finished long before the time they were due to throw us out.

There are too many good restaurants in Edinburgh to have to put up with actively rude service. I've had enough, and won't be back.
Q. What did the inflatable headmaster say to the inflatable student in the inflatable school?

A. "You've let me down, you've let the school down and you've let yourself down."

That's how I feel about my visit to Khushi's. What a disappointment.

I really liked the old Khushi's on Victoria St, unless I'm looking back with rose-tinted taste buds. Certainly the building was beautiful and lent the whole experience a degree of elegance. Well, at least as much elegance as you can muster while staggering up the stairs clutching your plastic bag overflowing with BYOB contributions.

I have fond memories of the food there but it seems a long time now since that place burned down (what's happening with that space, anyway?). I went once to their temporary location where the food was bad and the service worse. I wasn't sure if I wanted to go back but since they opened their new restaurant at the top of Leith Walk, it looked more stylish and back to the original vibe. I was sad to see Massimo close down though, as I was impressed both times I went there. I guess I should have gone more often, but it's a funny location at the top of the walk. Kind of on the way somewhere but neither here nor there. Intermediate but not central (as we say in the geography biz). It works for the cheap and crappy Indian (and other sub-continental) and Italian places there who grab the pre-theatre cheapskates but it's not an easy location to make a go of a high quality (and matching price) establishment. 

So. The new place looks nice from the outside, but inside it feels a bit more like a pile 'em high and sell 'em cheap kind of place. And that's how they treat you. See Gillian's review for more detail. We knew when we booked that we only had 90 minutes, which was fine, but they really rushed us and not in a friendly way. It was just rude. And he told us the starters would come with the mains because we had to be out. Didn't ask us, or make it friendly or anything. Come on, how long does it take to cook, serve and eat a few pakora? As it turned out, we finished with plenty of time to spare. The food was decent. Quite reliable quality but nothing out of the ordinary. And continued rude service throughout the meal.

Q. There are so many good Indian, Bangladeshi, etc. restaurants in Edinburgh, why would we go back to a place like this?

A. I think you already know the answer.
I was very dubious about trying Khushis again.  I used to be a dedicated follower and must have gone at least every couple of months without fail for years.  Until the old restaurant opened on Victoria Street that is and the quality of the food as well as service just went straight down the hill!  The last time I went I had a disastrous meal involving raw prawns and a chicken bone which although the head chef himself came out to see what was going on as he could see that we were not happy, instead of helping turn out experience round for the better he just decided to conceal the evidence and walk away without so much as an apology!!!  

Needless to say I never went back.  However, I don't hold too much of a grudge and am willing to give out second chances so when the new restaurant opened on Antigua Street I pondered over whether to try it or not.

I have to say though, I'm definitely glad I did!!!  

Although I was nervous when walking through the door the friendly and attentive staff put me at ease quickly.  This setting is lovely.  Although the other one was really swanky Antigua Street restaurant has still managed to keep that element alive but with a more cosy atmosphere rather than the cold and open feel the old place had.  The ceiling is full of glass lanterns which fill the place with colour and sparkle.  

That's not the only colourful thing about the place though.  The new and improved menu is amazing - they have far more fish courses than I remember and the Baltic curries come in a clay pot with an Indian bread lid which look delightful.  The quality is back up to scratch and the prices not half bad either for curries ranging from 6+!!!  

But lets not forget about the deal breaker here - it is BRING YOUR OWN BOTTLE and one of the only B.Y.O.B.s in Edinburgh that doesn't charge corkage!!!  Your purse will thank you so go for it...
In yet another incarnation Khushi's is now on the site of what was previously an Italian called Massimo's whilst the burnt out branch on Victoria Street is on the market. Having only ever eaten in the defunct one once about 6 years ago comparisons are probably pointless but one thing that did strike me was that the range of dishes available seems to be smaller nowadays. I imagine you could get a vindaloo if you asked for one but that and a few other types of curry don't feature on the menu it seems so you might want to try elsewhere if in search of something particularly hot. Possibly that's a sign of authenticity. Either way the party of 6 I was in with on Saturday past had no complaints about our respective dishes, the knowledgeable & speedy service or the highly sensible policy of not charging for corkage. Not maybe the place to go for a quiet and intimate tete a tete but you could do a lot worse in most other aspects.
The food was excellent BUT the service was abrupt and rushed. Could have spoiled what was a brilliant evening with friends.
Was recommended to this place by my friends who are actually from India... I expected authenticity and wasn't let down in the food department.

The place is dimly lit and nicely decorated to reflect its heritage... (which reminds me, I really must find chandeliers similar to the ones found in Khushi, they are very pretty!) 

The portions are small, which makes the prices appear slightly steep.

The food (We had naan and lamb biryani) tastes pretty decent, but my friends didn't enjoy the service and the staff as they put on too much of a "show". I thought it was manageable and let that slide.

All in all, if you have the right company and are craving for indian food, this place is pretty ok.
Okay overall - nasty burnt garlic in sag paneer (big points off) but naan was good.  Mango lassi was great.  

The sign on the door about beer & wine was confusing - I thought it meant they had only beer & wine and no cocktails.  But it actually means there is no alcohol - you can bring your own, but only beer and wine.  

The decor is very nice.
I've eat  a grat fish, fresh, a good curry, bread and fresh and cruncy salad, the weiter was polite and useful , he knew all his dishes. Clean place, floor and chear, good service. Thank you , Giuseppe.!
Whenever I walk past this restaurant, it is always packed. I have always wondered why. Now I know :)

It was a Friday evening and my friend suggested we have dinner here. We were offered a 6.30 booking and the restaurant was already full when I arrived. 
A waiter asked if we wanted poppadoms to start with, sure why not. They were accompanied with 2 dips: mango chutney and a spicy onion dip (?) - real kick to it.

I had a mixed grill for my main course. It is a mixed platter of chicken tikka, prawn, lamb chop and seekh kebab. The chicken tikka was my favourite - I didn't know chicken can be so melt in the mouth stuff! 
The platter came with a simple chickpea salad and we shared a naan bread. 

The service at times felt a bit rushed. I'm not sure if this is because they really are so popular (e.g. a couple could not get a table as they had no reservation) and it was a Friday. Howerver the food was nice. Khushi's has a BYOB policy and no corkage charge which possibly is another factor to their popularity.
Lamb Kahrahi was amazing! Very busy night during Hogmanay week yet we got seated quicker than originally stated. Garlic naan was excellent. While they don't serve alcohol they do allow BYOB and will supply glasses.
Visiting from California we came across Khushi's as we wandered around the city.  The pakoras were great and flavorful but the three veggie mains we had were spicy (hot) but otherwise bland.  The service was inconsistent and impatient (it's a bustling place).  We asked for advice from the waiter on the size of the portions yet still ended up with too much food.  Perhaps it is popular because they let you byob at no charge.  So if I lived here I might give it another try but I would imagine there are better options for Indian food.
i'm telling you. restaurants in hotel lobbies are totally underrated. don't believe me? read this: http://www.yelp.com/biz/lafittes-phoenix

this is the third restaurant in the tandoori times family. i haven't been to the other locations, but based on the reviews for those establishments, tandoori times 3 ranks right up there.

admittedly, the place was deserted last night, but i'm told it's hopping on fridays and saturdays when they bring in belly dancing and hookah.

the decor is completely new (the holiday inn has also been recently renovated). it's comfortable, spacious and has a modern feel.

the manager -- whose name escapes me at the moment -- was also our server. she is pleasant, funny and her presence alone will guarantee my return. any server that is willing to engage in friendly banter is okay in my book.

lastly, the food was excellent. (should i have said that first? ha.) i can't speak intelligently on indian cuisine. but suffice it to say that i enjoyed it very much. and fried cottage cheese is now one of my major food groups. check it out.
Great and flavorful food. Plus friendly service.
Being close to my home and office, I have been to this joint quite a few times and its high time I put in good words for the great quality of food and the amazing friendly service that they provide. I am a vegetarian they do have many veggie options.
The ambience is great.. a cool mix of modern and traditional indian interior.

The lunch menu is also good and very filling. For the dinner menu too their servings are large enough for two. Ask for spicy food and they'll make sure its the way you expected.. 

The staff is very friendly.. Nargis, Freva and Sussanna.. all are very lively. They have some good collection of wines too.. I'd love to try out the bar some day!
I came by this restaurant one evening as I was having a craving for Indian food and this was just a couple of miles away from my home. 

I got the mango lassi, the tikka masala paneer and paneer battered in some gravy. I wish I could remember the name of it! 

Here's the breakdown. 

Service is really quite good. I went in and took a couple of minutes to pick something out. The girl at the hostess' table was attentive, and whilst waiting multiple people stopped by to make sure I had been taken care of. She made sure to bring the mango lassi out to me first, as well, which was nice! 

The tikka masala was delicious. Spicy and with a depth of flavor that was awesome. The paneer was chewy, and could have been tastier, but really, why would you want to compete with the sauce? 

The fried paneer was perhaps the most mediocre of the punch. As mentioned before, the paneer by itself was a bit unremarkable, and the spices and the tangy tamarind dipping sauce it came in wasn't something to my preference. Not awful, just not my favorite. It was also a bit rubbery, but we all know fried things don't travel well.

My biggest gripe is that... when I got home, I found out they hadn't included rice with my order!!! I'm sorry, but that is NOT good. I need rice to eat with my tikka masala. I could have made some of my own, but that rather defeats the purpose of take out!!

Not a deal breaker, but definitely left a slight sour note in my mouth. If you order take out make sure to request rice.
My first time here.  Food was great!  Large portions at a good price.  Great looking place too. Super clean and nice.  Had an outdoor sitting area with misters as well.  Service was GREAT!  So friendly and helpful!  Our servers last time we Fariba and Sayed and couldnt have asked for better staff!  I will definitely be back here!
Oh and they had a GREAT belly dancer to see on this saturday night while we ate!  Good addition!
Classy place located at the Holiday Inn.

The chicken makhani and chicken tikka masala were EXELLENT.
I had both dishes at Tandoor 1 and 2,
but this place tops all.
Very well seasoned, thick rich and creamy with tasty herbs.
Meat was juicy and just right.

Rice was consistent in texture.

A gal in braids served us. She had a foreign accent and was very awkward by tring to be overly friendly.
but I'm sure she was just trying to be friendly to her patrons lol.
I think she was a n00b, but I realized this place opened not too long ago,
so she's likely still in training.

I asked her for a to go container for my makhani and masala,
and she came out with one of those sandwich containers.
Had to send her back to fetch a soup container bc the sauces will leak and make your car smell like Indian food for days!!

I would say I was impressed with the food.
Not quite San Jose level, but close :)

I would def go back again if I drop by hat side of town.

If it were closer to home and more affordable, I'd eat it EVERY DAY :D
First off I think that everyone reading this needs to go show them some love!  There were only two sets of diners during lunch the day we were there.  I'm not saying it's perfect but it was quite good.  We had a groupon which made it a great deal.  The prices were good for the groupon but otherwise a bit steep.

The service was excellent and my coconut curry chicken was very good.  They charge you for rice, which is a bummer.....but the rice was very flavorful by itself.  Portions are adequate and mine was extremely tasty.  

My companion was not as impressed with her food.  She got a vegan dish which had to be remade due to chicken broth being used (the server caught it and had it remade.)  However, she asked for it to be 8/10 on the spice scale and I could eat it (and I'm a wuss!)  My dish was supposedly a 5/10 and I was fine with it.  So I don't understand their scale for hotness.

Overall it was a good lunch.  Just not sure if it was good enough to go back for!
Wont be back. Ridiculously expensive, bad service, and tacky decor. Despite our waitress forgetting to bring drinks until we asked for them 20 minutes later, the food tasted good. Wish the portion sizes were bigger.
My boyfriend and I ate here last week. The experience from the start wasn't great. We were seated and no explanation was given as to the menus left on the table. There was a giant menu that had no more than a dozen or so items and a bunch of alcoholic beverages. We were confused and disappointed as we could really only identify one or two items. The waitress (who is also the hostess) dropped off additional menus. We were relieved until we saw the prices!  YIKES! A bit more than we anticipated based on my previous interpretation of the number of money signs. Next we waited. And waited. And waited. It took over 15 minutes to get our drinks and an order. When we reminded the waitress, she seemed offended, as if it was our fault she forgot! Then, to top it off, we find out the two dishes we ordered, were EXACTLY the SAME! Why couldnt someone explain this before we ordered? One was just "spicier". The twin dishes were good, but I was a little peeved that I just spent close to $30 for two of the same dish! 
I probably won't go back. It's not that the food wasn't good, but I didn't feel that we got good service, and I paid way to much to not be treated well. And in regards to money spent, it wasn't so much price per dish, which I now realize I was misinformed on, but it was the quantity we got for the price. I would definitely not ever come here with a bigger group.
Location I loved, not to far away from where I live.  It's located right in the Holiday Inn parking lot and is pretty big inside.  As soon as I walked inside for this Friday night dinner I noticed the place was pretty empty.  I like the vibe of the place. It feels really clean and modern with more of an upscale feel from other restaurants in the neighborhood.  The waitress was super nice and really gave top notch service throughout the night.  They have a full bar with some really good deals during happy hour so I took advantage by trying one of the mixed drinks they had listed.  Forgot which one sorry, but it was yummy, no skimping on the alcohol either. 
I had the Lamb special for the evening and my husband ordered the Chicken Marsala. We shared plates and the food was just ok to me.  I like things spicy and felt it didn't meet what I liked.  As we were leaving we got a huge surprise, a Belly Dancer came out to entertain everyone.  Loved the show, location, and service.
Amazing food. I wasn't so sure about Indian food, as visiting this place was my first time at both the restaurant and the food itself. I had the Chicken Tikki Marsala and it was fantastic. I can't wait to go back!
This place is terrific. We have been here 5-6 times now and have tried many dishes. All are very good. They have a great happy hour from 3-7 and belly dancing on Friday and Saturday nights. If you like Indian cuisine or have never tried it, give this place a shot.
Very good, friendly service - we had coconut curry prawns, chicken korma, chicken tikka masala, saag with cheese, naan and rice with veggies. All were good.
I've eaten lunch during the work week two times. The first time was about 4-6 weeks ago, and then today. Both days happened to be Thursdays. The first time a friend from India (who now lives in US) brought me here. She's a vegetarian and I asked her where she likes to go for Indian food in the area; normally she would make her own lunch. The second time, today, I brought an American friend who really likes Indian food, similar to myself. 

The food is very good for an American like me. I like flavorable, medium/hot spicy foods.  I order "medium" here on the spice scale,and  they get it right for me. I could use a bit more heat/spice, and they do have two "hotter" levels than medium, but I would rather err on the side of caution. I've asked for medium-hot in the spice dept, but have been informed they don't have that category (their heat scale is something like no spice or light-weight, medium, hot and flaming ... I made up those words). I can't remember the names of foods I've eaten.. they were delicious .. chicken spinach dish, curry chicken dish, salad, garlic bread/naan, rice, lentil soup -- it's all been quite good.

Service. Decent. First time I came it was less than decent; today it was decent. One waitress didn't describe or communicate that well; another waitress was quite friendly and helpful at the start of the meal. Overall, nothing to rave or complain about. 

Food. Delicious, especially for what I imagine is an Americanized Indian food restaurant. I don't know of any truly authentic Indian food restaurants in Arizona. Several of my Indian friends enjoy the food here, and I've seen large groups of Indian co-workers at other tables both times I've been here at lunchtime. I'll keep coming back for occasional lunches.. though it's extremely filling to eat here and then go back to work! 

Ambiance. Outstanding for me. If you want traditional Indian decor, this probably wouldn't be the place for you. It's the cleanest, brightest, most modern Indian restaurant I've ever been in. Very nice decor that I happen to love. It has not been busy at all both times I've been here, which makes it nice for parking and for finding a good table. Maybe it's busier in the evenings or on weekends.
Great atmosphere and service. Very clean for an Indian restaurant. Food was enjoyable. Chicken tikka a bit dry but still good. 
Was not sure about this place at first due to location, but definitely glad I went in.
Just as delicious as Tandoori II, but way fancier! We went on a Friday night and if we had been blindfolded in the way over I would have sworn we were in Scottsdale. The food was awesome, the building beautiful and the patio with firepits and heaters and hookahs are a great addition to the ambiance. If you have not tried Indian food before, this is the place to do so. The tikka masala and naan and fragrant rice are all great beginner dishes. The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is the service was pretty damn slow making us miss happy hour specials. I will say though, the belly dancer and music were rad but it made some of our party feel awkward as we didn't know if we were supposed to stop our conversation to watch and tip. All in all, this is a great place.
An Indian restaurant inside a Holiday Inn? If it were anything but Tandoori Times I might have thought twice before trying!

I've only ordered takeout, but the food is as you'd expect if you've eaten at either of their other 2 locations, which is to say, its good.

The decor of the restaurant is modern and upscale, but both times I've picked up takeout the place was almost completely empty. If you show up and this is the case, don't be discouraged, the food is good and their bar looks fully stocked!
This place is attached to a Holiday Inn but do not let that fool you as the food is amazing. The lamb vindaloo and the garlic naan and the saag gohst are some of my favorites. The complimentary chai tea tastes a bit like hot half &half, but what do expect for free.
3.5 Stars, The Naan, was great, the paneer tika masala was average, but the mint chutney that had been sitting so long that it fermented and was carbonated really scared me. 

Lunch specials range from $8-10 this is not a lunch buffet. They do include hot chai tea which is nice.

The location is a bit odd as this is the restaurant for the holiday inn which if I were on travel for work I would be happy to find.  The inside is nice clean and modern but service was sub par as we had to ask to get our water refilled, luckily I was not in a rush.

Lunch was oddly slow, with 3 other tables at the peak.
I really like this place.  I have been there so many times they know us.  I have to say my favorite things are on the happy hour meny.  You order a few things off that and you are done.  I always get the lamb kabobs.   They have a pretty nice selection on beer and wine.  The staff are all very friendly.  They have a belly-dancer on the weekends which is fun.
If you want to dine on really good, reasonably priced Indian food, this is the place to go. The dining room is spacious with contemporary Indian-themed decor, the ambiance is casual and upscale at the same time, the servers are very friendly, and the entrees are really tasty. And if the weather is good, you may even want to dine al fresco at the spacious patio area.
My husband and I love Indian food. We have eaten here 3 times now. We have a restaurant that we always go to and wanted to see if there was anything better out there so after having driven by here a few times we decided to stop in. 

The same waiter has served us all three times and the service has always been slow, even when there are no other diners. 

The food was really really good the first time we went. We had the Chicken Tikka Masala and the sauce was incredible, extra creamy and thick. The next two times we went the food was just ok. It seemed as though the sauce had been watered down a little and that was a real shame. 

All in all I would wish there was a little more consistency in Flavorville so we could look forward to a delicious meal everytime!
Been here many times now and this place is delish. We always get the chicken tikka masala and then try something new each time we go. The Friday chef special goat is fantastic as is the lamb curry. An the garlic naan is a must!
Most authentic Indian food outside of India!  I know, because I've been!   Don't let the idea of  exotic food scare you away...there's something for everyone here, even vegetarians and children!  Try the paneer (pressed cheese) dishes or samosas choley if you don't like meat.  Try the chicken or paneer Makhani if you don't like the heat!  For medium-spicy dishes, the Chicken Tikka Masala is excellent with a side of rice and naan bread!  If you want a bite of something that'll bite you back with a really great flavor, try the Tandoor Fish wrap!  The key to eating reasonably is to go as a group of 2 or more, get rice and naan and a couple different items to share with the entire table.  You don't have to drink alcohol, but there's a full service bar at all 3 of the Tandoori Times locations and the beer selection is above-average!  This is the newest of the 3 locations and features a large inside area with an AMAZING patio (complete with firepit and hookah)!  Bellydancers join the fun on Friday and Saturday nights.  Decent value if you crave very good quality food, an exotic atmosphere and an authentic Indian experience.  Ok, the bellydancing isn't exactly authentic, but it's definitely exciting!  One of my favorite weekend hangouts...solid 5 out of 5!
So good! If it was less expensive, I would be back more often. Almost $70 (not including tip) for 1 app, 1 side, 3 entrees, and 2 non-alcoholic drinks. Loved the grilled shrimp, curry dishes and garlic naan.
Amazing food! We were a bit skeptical, but this place was really great. We had a Groupon, and our service was outstanding The naan was great, and the entrees were spectacular. Excellent service and wonderful food!
I totally suggest trying the tandoori wings appetizer. They are so good that I daydream about them.

So I'm finally caving in and writing a review about Tandoori Times 3. The food is excellent, but pricey. I took a friend for his birthday and it cost me just over $60 for the both of us. 

The night we went they had belly dancers and amazing eastern music. The music was a little bit on the loud side. I had never seen a live belly dancer and I was totally impressed - she worked the room and it wasn't at all uncomfortable. My friend really enjoyed her dancing and the music too.

The only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is because the wait staff really sucked. You guys really need to get it together in this area, I read some of the other reviews and this is a common theme for you. 

I will visit this place again, but if the wait staff hasn't improved I will re-rate this place and never show up again.
The service was a bit slow even though it was Sunday night and there was hardly anyone there.  They forgot my drink.  My first drink took about 15 mins to appear.  The food was good though.  Naans were great.  So was my Lamb Vindaloo.  We had the spicy tandoori wings for appetizers.  And my golfing buddy had the Aloo Gobi which was great.  Irish the service were more prompt and I would give it four stars.
Chicken tikka was amazing, food was really good. I wish there were more server but I would recommend this place.
I sat for 8 minutes without being greeted by the waiter, no drinks were offered. I left after expressing my dissatisfaction to the hostess. Thanks for the terrible service.
The sign looks like it could pass as a preschool, needless to say I was skeptical. 

After trying it today I couldn't say anything bad, the food was outstanding and the atmosphere is very nice. Lamb and coconut chicken is recommended!
Called in my order and it was ready to pick up when I got there. Chicken vindaloo is delish!
The best chicken tikka masala! I love their garlic naan and their rice with peas is delicious! Prices are a little steep for India but the quality is very good. The staff is super nice which is always a pleasure to walk into.
The restaurant is located on the side of a hotel. It is very nice, brand new and very comfortable. Their is actually an individual TV at each booth which would be perfect for bringing kids or a spouse you don't like. The tandoori wings appetizer was ok, probably wouldn't order it again. However the chicken tikka masala was the best I have had. I will absolutely return for that. I did not like that they charged extra for rice. The garlic naan was amazing and went really well with the tikka masala! Our waitress was fantastic and there was a busser/water person that kept us comfortable while she was away. They also had a really nice patio but it was pretty dark outside.
this is a pretty good Indian restaurant.  a the reviews say the garlic naan is a must and I agree. the pompadom are light and the chicken tikka masala has just right bite.  overall I was quite pleased prices ate average for this type of restaurant
We really love here!
I've lived in India for a half year, and sadly... I like it more here.
We always order paneer tikka masala with garlic naan...really good!
On lunch times we also like to order lamb seekh kabob.
We also tried Tandoori times 2 but I would give 2.5 stars there.
Even though it's a bit further than 2 it's worth the drive.
It's really weird that there are only like 4 customers everytime I visit.
I wonder how they make money.
The Food is 5 star! Everything is flavorful and presented nicely. Tv's at every booth (good for children). Only negative is staff can be slow and sparse. The Paneer Marsala is very rich but mild though not a problem just ask for more kick and they will gladly adjust. Restaurant is connect to. Hotel so I believe there is WIFI. Also the restaurant never seems more than 35% full, which is a plus for me due to children. Honestly it the best tasting Indian food I have tasted in the Valley (so far). **Everything is A La Cart.
This place is a hidden treasure. Hidden behind 7 11 in a hotel restaurant space it can be kinda hard to find the first time. My personal favorite dish is the Goat Curry Friday special. Bring a few dollar bills after 19:00 because a beautiful belly dancer comes out in the evening. When the weather is nice you can dine on the patio. The food is very good and the service is tops. They also have a full bar.
I went to Tandoori times through word from a friend that the food was amazing. I was very hesitant considering i had never tried indian food before. We were seated right away and it seemed to be getting busy so it was perfect timing we got a booth against the wall. Our waitress greeted us right away and informed us that happy hour was about to end at 7 so we got our first drinks in happy hour. She was very friendly when we asked about some of the items on the menu she wasnt sure of some the answers so she called man over ( im assuming the manager) and he gave us the whole run down of the menu! Let me tell you what..If you have never had indian food before YOU ARE MISSING OUT! They recommended the chicken tikka masala and garlic naan...amazing! I dont know how i have never eaten here before considering I live right down the street. It is a little hard to see and hard to get into but we will for sure be coming back here. Overall great experience and excellent food!
We were not impressed. We purchased a groupon and the server did not inform us we couldn't apply it towards our happy hour purchases. We read the groupon once we got our bill to check and yes that is on us to double check the fine print, but a friendly reminder would have been nice since we told him ahead of time we were using a groupon. Even though we were one of only four tables occupied it took over 15 minutes to get any water or for the server to acknowledge us. The chicken was was over breaded and tough. The naan was good except for the way over burned edges. Drinks were ok, and dessert was inedible. Overall- not a good experience or food.
Just ate here for the first time, and loved it. The food was amazing! The server recommended the chicken makhani, and he couldn't have been more right. Lunch special comes with a side salad, rice, and a generous portion of naan. The server was very nice, let  come in and have a seat 20 minutes before they opened so I didn't have to wait I'm the heat.  Will be back for sure.
I ordered the combo Tuesday special with lamb achari and chicken makhani. It comes with dhal, rice, side salad and naan. I upgraded the naan to garlic naan. The makhani was better than most I have tasted. The lamb achari is delicious. It's creamy and spicy and the lamb jut melts in your mouth. Definitely coming back here.
The food here is the best! The garlic nam bread and chicken tika masala are so good I crave them.
Last night I tried Bawarchi, a little hole -in- the wall, fairly new place on Bell Road.  The place is clean and attractive and has a reasonably priced menu.  We saw that most of the clientele was ethnic so it reasoned that the food would be good.  We started out with two meat samosas made with ground lamb (3.99.)  Not greasy and full of meat flavored beautifully with fragrant spices. Enjoyed it very much. They were accompanied by coriander chutney and a tamarind/spicy mixture. Don't know what that was.  We also had Chicken Vindaloo (6.99), Chicken Biryani, Lamb chops and naan.  The Chicken biryani was accompanied by lentils and yogurt. The yogurt was amazing as were the lentils whose flavor profile included coconut.  The lamp chops serving was ample but the lamb was chopped into pieces.  My eating partner said they tasted good.  The vindaloo was very good although not as spicy as I had asked them to make it. Restaurants are afraid to add too much spice until they get to know you.  Everything was great until I decided to order the Kheer (1.00) for dessert.  I like my Kheer with raisins and I asked if it had raisins to which they answered yes.  No raisins in the Kheer but I found it to be very strange (at least for me), I have never ever had Kheer with noodles in it. Meaning, Kheer which is a rice pudding is usually made with basmati rice. Well this one had noodles as well and I I did not enjoy it.  Since it costs only $1, I did not make a fuss. If I had paid over $3, I would have returned it to them.  When I got up to pay for the Kheer (because we had already paid our bill), the owner did not want to charge me for the Kheer. (Maybe he read my mind or my stomach) . I resisted the temptation (not to pay) and insisted the owner take his money.  (I DO want them to stay in business!)  
 It is a family run business and it shows.  I don't have a problem eating off of paper plates with plastic utensils, if this bothers you, this is not the place for you. By the time we left at 8:30PM, the restaurant was almost full of patrons. Obviously, the word has gotten out that there is good food to be had here. Seeing all the indian families eating there is further proof that the food must be seasoned and prepared authentically.  I thought so.  We really, really enjoyed our meal Bawarchi minus the Kheer.
Great food.  I was in from out of town and I've recently become a vegetarian.  They had a great selection of Indian food for me and my carnivore friend to chose from. I highly recommend this place and will come here again the next time I'm in Phoenix
Excellent chicken Dum biryani.  Andra chicken curry which was also very good.
Highly recommended.
So happy to see another Indian place pop up by my house!

Bawarchi is a no-frills, very casual, authentic little Indian restaurant. Menu is small but covers most of the basics.

We had naan, aloo gobi, palak paneer, and my hubs had a chicken curry. The aloo gobi was not my favorite. I feel it was mostly onions with very little cauliflower and potatoes. It wasn't bad... but I have had better at most other Indian restaurants. The naan was very good. So was the palak paneer- very yummy. Creamy, spicy, perfect. My husband really liked his chicken dish. 

I like that the entrees came with a very generous serving of rice. Some Indian places either make you pay extra for rice or only give you a little bit.

I am disappointed that they recently raised their prices on everything. The picture of the menu you see on Yelp is not accurate. In fact the menu they gave us with our order had the prices crossed out and the raised prices written in. Classy. But the prices are still excellent and a MUCH better value than other local Indian restaurants. 

We will be back. Again and again and again....
I waited for atleast 2 visits and 4 dishes before i wrote this review. I believe we have a winner. Go to this place for the food and food alone. This is not a place for dining out, neither the location nor the ambience inside point to that. It is great for take out ( they serve pretty quickly so not much of a wait)  Prices are reasonable, the staff is friendly and the food is tasty. I have had the daal, aloo gobhi, andhra chicken and gosht biryani. All good. I will be back to sample the rest.
The best place for Chicken Dum biryani. Other non-veg dishes are good. Menu is small but covers most of the basic dishes. 

Very cheap also. Highly recommended
Great place to pick up quick Indian food in the North Valley!  My wife and I stopped by here last night after reading the other good reviews on yelp, seeing the great prices on the menu, and feeling like watching a movie at home with good food. We ordered Chana Masal, Aaloo Gobi, and Vegatable Biryani. All three had excellent flavor and spices.  The spice level is pretty high, which is fine by us but if you are not into heat you may want ask if they can tone it down. The Biryani came in a bag, which was new to me but I wonder if that might be typical of take away curry in India and Europe.  Although I've never been to India, this food seemed more authentic than other restaurant in the valley. Keeping that in mind, you may want to watch for spice pods, curry leaves and whole chillies in the dishes, as the food is less processed than you may be use to.  It is good to have this new place for Indian, which offers great veggie options and meat options as well. Great prices with quick and friendly service!
May be a bad day to get Chicken Tikka Kebab,Chicken kebabs looked like they have been sleeping for days in the freezer and then got a chance to get into the plate what they call Kebab.Heard the biriyani is good there ...but I think I am not in a mood to try my luck again...
no frills ricey indian. meh. great spot for that sweet mango yogurt drink. wishing they were still in tempe; magic lost since the move up here.

#stingy on the meat. if they run out, they'll give you extra rice. WHAT?!
#i'm not an expert on indian, but that rice is soggy for my taste.
my indian friends say it must cook for hours to absorb the flavor, but they also say it should not be mushy like that.

--but that mango yogurt drink is a mean, sweet, beautiful thing. go for it.

#wishing that when you ask for a 20 on the 1-5 spiciness scale, that they'd give it a bit more effort.
We found this place back in early May, posted a picture & some business information on yelp and look how quickly this took off! This place isn't gourmet, but it definitely hits the spot! Thanks for opening a really good Indian place in the neighborhood.
The Tikka Masala and Makhani are kind of runny compared to Tandoori Times,
not as thick,
but the owner is kind, good customer service.
My fav is the mango lasse.

Chicken Tikka Masala and Chicken Makhani are my favs.

I always call in my orders beforehand.
Convinient to go place.

But always remember to check our food before you take it home!
More like a fast food concept. Food is made to order, like dosas, samosas, etc. Big fan of their veg and non veg biryanis. True Andhra style. Was disappointed with their medhu vada. I have had tastier vadas at other restaurants serving South India vegan food. Small restaurant floor. I guess that helps in faster service.
I've been to most places in phoenix, and this the only place in town where u get real Biriyani,(in the name of Biriyani many cook masala rice) i would definitely recommend them for any Mughal cuisine.
Dirty, dirty, dirty.  I can't understand why people tolerate this sort of messy place.  Some food items were rather good - Dosa in particular, but the majority of the ones we had were extremely oily compared to other places for the same dishes & apps.  Their prices really aren't much cheaper than full service places either, and it's hard to see why it is worth the savings.
FILTHY DIRTY SHAME!
This place won't make it on good food only. This is the filthiest restaurant I've seen in many years. I've been three times, and the filth is no fluke, it's a standard here. Trash is overflowing, food served on filthy food trays, dried food and crumbs on tables that only need to be wiped. Filthy, dried food remains in a tub above the trash that also overflows. Nothing is ever wiped down, trash on the floor, mold on the fountain nozzles. Last visit, they were out of ICE. OUT OF ICE? 

All this filth, and the guy that runs the register is rude and is either eating at the register, standing with his hands in his pockets, or sitting at a table where his laptop is a fixed feature. I think if they replaced this guy with someone that will do the job, they could fix a lot of their problems. I've never seen him make an effort other than take an order, which he has trouble getting right as I've noticed people get food they did not order.

Their food is terrific, but this place will eventually be shut down by the health department. They've received bad reports in the past and made no effort to improve.

It's a real shame, this place could be so great, so easily. We won't be going back.
The food here was good! We really loved the naan.

We would have given the place 4 stars, but we knocked it down a star because the price is a bit much for a vegetarian meal and counter service. The vegetarian options were around the same price as the meat options. Garbanzo beans and lentils are much cheaper than lamb and beef!
Andhra Chicken curry and palak paneer r the best
Best place for Dum biryani in Phoenix.

In fact best biryani I have even had in this country. Unfortunately other restaurants all have their own versions of biryani and call it as traditional dum biryani.
My friends have taken me to good biryani places so for some reason I don't think this was the best biryani. BUT I don't know if what I've had was DUM biryani or not.  Tried the chicken one and it didn't have the flavor I though. Maybe all those times it wasn't truly authentic or from a dif region?  They give you a lot of rice though.  Not a whole lot if chicken but you'll find this under all the rice. 
Had the chicken tikka masala too and liked the flavor of the sauce. 
Ordered two mango lassis. The first one came out about 5 minutes after we got our food (not before). The second one came out about 5 minutes after that one.  The guy told me the lady was making them in the back.  It was a bit strange on the timing but tells me that there was literally one person in the back doing the main cooking.  

Cleanliness: I am by no means a germ-a-phobe and rarely bothered by how a place looks but there was something about this place that didnt sit right with me.  Not sure what but I noticed it. I thought the reviews were over reacting but for once there is some legitimacy. Thankfully I just let it pass.  
I will warn you though that the owner or guy at the counter is not so willing to give up his to-go containers. I asked for a second container to replace the sauce container we had bc it had gotten really dirty. The guy started pointing to the container and muttered something before finally giving it to me. Funny. 
Despite all this I will be back.  There are some things on the menu that seemed more local to the region that I don't see at other places so would be great to try them.
What do you tell a kid who's got two A's and one C in a semester? You can't commend him for his performance nor can you give him grief for performing badly; after all two A's do count, don't they? And this is what I thought when I got down to review the Bawarchi Indian Cuisine. On one hand, this restaurant provides the most authentic Andhra/Hyderabad food I've ever eaten to date in the Phoenix area. On the other hand, there are things like cleanliness, service, quality etc. (you get the point) which matter, and it is here that this place falters and it falters badly. But the food, especially the biryani and Andhra chicken curry or the lamb chops are very good and very true to their taste. I can't comment on vegetarian food but I believe it won't be very off. So if you are looking for some real authentic Andhra/Hyderabad food, then I think you should head to this place, but then for the reasons mentioned above, you shouldn't hesitate to take a carry out.
Self Service restaurant. 
Food is Ok. You can try once.
You will not find smile on the Owners Face.
No cooler hot like hell.
Not Clean to expected standards.
Inexpensive food. 
restaurant is crammed.
It's more like a 3.5.

Pros: good chicken tikka masala, pretty good naan, yummy samosas, spicy but not too spicy, very reasonably priced and good for takeout, friendly service

Cons: The dal curry had a strange consistency. Echoing some of the earlier comments the restaurant isn't that clean. Also not a germaphobe and have lower expectations for hole-in-the-wall/mom and pop shops, but still seemed like it wasn't clean enough.
"My rating is for the food not the place to eat! Get take out! Little or no AC. The chicken and lamb dishes were good but the Bhindi was dry."

I will likely go back and pick up take out but I would NOT eat there!
Great takeout, love the chicken tikka marsala.  We're fans!
I admit it. Biriyani is my weakness. I can fold for a good plate of spicy biriyani any day and Bawarchi serves just that. 
If you are there for the food, do not be fooled by the mediocre interiors although the setting is a bit homely for someone from south east asia. If you are a meat-lover go for the mutton biriyani or if a vegetarian, Vegan biriyani with lassi will soothe your craving.
I cannot vouch for the other items in the menu but I will surely visit the place often for I always walk out with a smile on my face :)
Quality is down and I hate to see this happen. Mutton biryani is my favorite and I used to order one every Friday. I noticed lately that the meat content has gone down significantly. Now I have to order two biryanis to get the quantity equivalent to one. This makes it very expensive compared to others. I am on my quest to find a better biryani place.. Their Andhra Chicken Curry is still the best in the Valley.
Ordered a Chicken Vindaloo for takeout.  When I got home, it was in a small container which was mostly sauce--maybe 4 slivers of chicken.  It came with rice but I will tell you that I will never do this again.  It wasn't enough to eat even as a lunch.  So disappointed.   I was a fan.
I got the chicken tikka masala and the garlic naan bread. Everything was all right. Nothing super fancy. The chicken had clumps of some spice that I couldn't tell you what it was. However, I wasn't pleased with that as it was an overpower explosion of spice in a few bites that I discovered those.. The naan bread was rather rubbery and the garlic tasted sweet. 
To be honest with you though, it did taste really good and for the price that I paid, I would definitely return.
My husband and I are a regular at this place.  It was very good and very spicy. It has several vegetarian and vegan options.
Food is/was good and cheap. Everything else like customer service, cleanliness etc is 1/5. Multiple times I them to separate out the potatoes in the Dosa for take out so it doesn't get soggy(they do it 1/2 the time and the other half I get a dirty look if I make them do it. Sometimes they will forget to give the items that come with the order in take out. Since the younger guy showed up the quality and quantity of food(esp. the biryani) has gone down. This is depressing because the food initially was incredible good and price was cheap. With they few changes they could have been THE indian restaurant in the area.
In Short :
THE BEST Hyderabadi Biryani(s) (Chicken Dum, Sp. Chicken, Goat and Fish) in Phoenix.
Don't even bother about the rest of the Menu. :)

Details :
One of my hot spots to have Biryani during my stay (2012-2013) in Phoenix.
Pros :
Very Tasty authentic Hyderabad Style Dum Biryani(s).
I would also recommend the Spicy Andhra Chicken Curry with Garlic Naan.

Cons :
It's a poorly Maintained spot. Zero points to Ambiance.
Menu is very limited to a few dishes.
The owner is short tempered. Be careful and don't poke him. Lol.
Packing is poor, many times they miss packing the sides. 
Pay, wait and eat.

3 starts coz a Restaurant cannot be rated 5 Start just on one Menu Item. :D
If you are looking to dine in with some elegance this is not the place.  If you want to feast on possibly the best Indian food in the valley you have found the place!  Channa masala was delicious, garlic naan is fantastic and the chicken tikka masala is great too!  You cannot go wrong with this place but be prepared for a plan B as this place will sometimes randomly be closed.  Try to call ahead if you can.
It's usually a good indicator if everyone behind the counter making your food is wearing a sari.  This is a very good, authentic indian food place.  I also like that it's a walk up counter (so you don't have to tip the waitstaff).   They have tables there but I usually get my order to go during lunch and it's always pretty fast.  I like the Dal with garlic nan or butter chicken.  It's nose running spicy but it fills me up and warms my soul..aaaaah.
We arrived 4:30 PM (the door was opened with a chair) and the owner was laying on the chairs with his feet up on the table, in the dining room, on the phone and told us they're closed until 5 PM. 
I can't say anything about their food but I can say their service is atrocious. Good luck to those who come here in the future, I hope they clean the tables for their guests sake.
The food is mostly pretty good. Not a place to dine in. Small stuffy and hot, with the hot oil & burners in close vicinity to the seats. The biryani & chicken curry are good. Paneer mattar (ie., cheese with peas) is a waste, you get 3 pieces of paneer floating in curry or 4 if you're lucky. Being in Scottsdale, decent Indian food is hard to come by. So this little hole in the wall stands out! It is on the spicy side, which is great if you like that. The big plus is... they recently opened an Indian grocery store next door. They have a good variety of spices, daals etc.
Best Biryani Chicken Dum that I ever had in AZ. The taste is authentic. 
Garlic Naan and Chicken Makhani are good too. Anyway, I highly recommend chicken dum Biryani. If you really want to try the authentic Indian food, this is the place! Price is reasonable too!
I can only comment on the non-meat portions of the menu, but everything is very good and spicing levels are seemingly authentic. Everything is quite creamy/buttery when ordered, like dosa, samosa, and the curries, and therefore quite rich. Their masalas, chutnies, sambar, etc. and curry sauces are all quite good. Naan is medium sized. I would recommend methu vada, idli, masala dosa, if you like southern Indian foods, the sambar is very good with it. Navaratna koorma, aaloo palak and some of the best among veg curries. Biryani is good, but I am used to Singaporean/Malaysian Tamil style where they serve on a banana leaf with a bowl of curry sauce, and without this briyani always seems dry to me, though theirs is quite good for this style. Rice pudding is inexpensive, and very good, when available. Counter/cafe style, well spiced recipes for a mostly Indian clientele, quick service, very well priced.
finally a great place for curry near me right off the 51! have gone here several times and always impressed. i cant waiver from the chicken tikka masala and garlic naan, but thank god my gf gets the palak paneer so i can get another awesome flavor change. i am yet to see another white person in there when i go so you know its authentic, but very clean and professional. small inside so we normally get it to go and there has never been a mistake made
Great food. Inside seems a little crazy when busy but manageable. Will definitely be going back.
I go to this place regularly because i love Hyderabadi Dum Biryani but getting a fresh biryani is like winning a lottery.

When ever the biryani is fresh its very good and nice flavour and i love it. But mostly on weekdays he will serve you two days old biryani which definitely microwaved food because the rice and meat is all dried up. When you ask the owner about the biryani , he is defensive and says its always fresh .

I never tried anything here except biryani and on weekends mostly its fresh and good but on weekdays you must be lucky enough to get fresh biryani.
Chicken biryani is awesomely spicy! I lucked out and had a regular give me some tips on what to order. Try any one of the naans as well, you won't be disappointed.
Food is good. I usually take chicken dum biryani which is really good.
High street, Old Town is one of those touristy places you sort of expect it will be difficult to find decently priced and good food. It is usually one of the two you get.
So, Real Rajput was a very good find. You don't see much from the outside, but it is a large room downstairs. The eggplant dish I tried was very good, but the Lamb Karahi was one of the best dishes I have tried while in the UK. The service was also good and fast.
And did I say it was not expensive given its location?
Great night out on the Royal Mile, the staff here are the stars of the show but the food isn't bad either. As you would expect on the Edinburgh Royal Mile it was a little more expensive than an equivalent quality restaurant elsewhere. 
The staff are the stars because they provide a relaxed and friendly atmosphere for your meal, very attentive but not at all overbearing. The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.
My only word of caution I found is to visitors to Edinburgh in general, when they say hot up here they don't just mean hot they mean very very hot indeed.
First off, let me say we went with a group of 18 people. This pretty much took up half the dining room, and most of these were loud chatty college kids. The wait staff and manager were very accommodating and the service was very, very good.

The tandoori grill items were amazing! I would highly recommend them. They came out on a platter still steaming and smelling delicious (the same way people bring you fajitas in the states - same thing). Between four of us guys we got each one and swapped and shared. They were all super good. We had each of the varieties of Naan as well. All were excellent.

The chicken biryani had very generous amounts of chicken chunks in it and the rice was fantastic. I'd recommend a plate of that to share with your friends while you get a grill item.

This was our last supper together as a group before heading back to the states the next day, and it was a perfect way to cap off our trip. Good food, good friends, great service, very accomodating of a large group, and well priced. I'd highly recommend stopping in!
Note to self. Edinburgh restaurants close early. We realized it was 9:45 PM, so asked hotel for a reco. That said, we taxied a few miles out away from the Royal Mile, headed for Italian... Dario's I think. Our driver said to try another Italian restaurant across the street but I saw the Kama Sutra sign beaming thru the rain and had remembered it scored high on Trip Advisor. Indian actually sounded good, so we gave it a shot.

The greeter/waiter/comedic hero seemed surprised but pleased to see us. He seated us quietly aside from the two other patrons. Menus, wine please! Navinder (he had to spell and pronounce for me) told us the specials and I asked for his recos. During this time, we chatted up and after we mentioned we were from Ohio the talk rounded up to "hello Cleveland." Quote for quote we went on Spinal tap (I love him). Back to the food. I had a special starter, the scallops, which was the only low point of the meal. A little overlooked so despite the rich Indian flavors, a little hard going down. From here out however, everything else was fantastic.

Man had the Achari Bathak Tikka - duck marinated in Indian spices. Divine, not gamey and very tender.  We split a plate of chicken stuffed dosa, plain nan and another special - monkfish that was deep fried, surrounded by potatoes and other steed veggies. Oh my God!  Delicious. Man ate most of the food while I gabbed with the staff. By this time, Navinder was joined by another server, the owner and the chef. We ended up staying on much longer talking about everything form the city to marriage to movie trivia and closed the place with a special drink concocted by the second waiter. I remember him mentioning elderberry something or other. The chef was the sweetest man alive and truly interested in our feedback. The owner was hilarious. Just a joy to chat with. I particularly loved his take on how important service is. He also knew every movie I threw at him. Rushmore!?!  Come on, that's impressive.

We got pix with the team and received a nice send off as we headed back in the rain to our hotel. Sated and silly from a great night out. Highly recommend this place and their original spot in Glasgow. One of the best dining experiences ever. Wish we could transplant them back to the states. HELLO CLEVELAND!
Good food and very friendly staff! I have been back many times!
BEST BUTTER CHICKEN in the whole wide world!!

On our recent visit to Scotland, we stayed at Sheraton. Just as we stepped outside the hotel, we spotted this Indian restaurant, across the street.
We ordered Chicken Korma & Paratha for dinner. When the Chicken Korma arrived on the table, my husband asked the waiter for some hot sauce in order to spice up the dish,like most Indians would do. The waiter went back, and instead of the hot sauce, arrived a very polite & cordial gentleman - Alok Singh, the Manager of the restaurant. Seeing we are Indians who might not prefer a mild dish like Chicken Korma, which we had already ordered, he asked the waiter to take the Korma away from our table. He proactively offered to order a dish of Butter Chicken to us. We both were a little startled, embarrassed but definitely appreciated his gesture eventually. Great customer service indeed! Once the Butter Chicken arrived, not only did my husband NOT ask for any hot sauce this time, he heartily enjoyed the lip-smacking dish and inferred this is "the BEST Butter Chicken I have ever had"! He meant he had never even tasted anything close to this flavorful dish, even in any restaurant in India.

We couldn't help going back to Kama Sutra on the following night for dinner....and no prize for guessing - we ordered Cheese Naan & OF COURSE...... BUTTER CHICKEN!!! :)
Despite its name, there are not a bunch of people hanging out here in precarious sex positions. Instead, there are a bunch of people hanging out here eating delicious Indian food. I, too, ate some of this delicious food and have to say I'd definitely recommend it. NOM.
I tried this bizarrely named Indian restaurant on my last trip to Edinburgh (note: over a year ago) and was delighted with the food, drinks and service.
 
The interior of the restaurant was beautiful, spacious, well-lit - and not at all sleazy or as wacky as its name suggests!
 
The menu is a nice change from the standard Indian restaurants one finds in Europe. From what I recall, some of the staple Indian curries were available, but most of the dishes on offer would be relatively unknown to the non-Indian diner. This encouraged me to try something new (nope, I can't remember what it was now!), and I wasn't disappointed. The waiter knew some of the options were a bit unconventional, and gladly answered all the questions we had about level of spicyness, comparison to other dishes, etc.
 
Portions were slightly small and prices were slightly high considering its location. Yet the great service made up for it. We arrived at the restaurant late, and after our meal asked if we could order drinks. The waiter explained the restaurant was closing but he would keep the bar open slightly later so we could have some cocktails. Such a nice gesture, and I recall the cocktails being fantastic.
 
I will definitely return on my next visit to Edinburgh.
I have the honor of writing the first review for this new restaurant !

It has been open for just over a week now, the decor is your typical "new" Indian restaurant strip mall style, dark woods and a nice clean appearance. The table set up is certainly set up with the lunch buffet crowd in mind, not a bad thing as there is plenty of space around each table.

Service was fast and friendly with even the chef stopping by our table to check on us.

As of now, they do not have a liquor license, but they did say they expect to get it in the next couple of weeks.

The important stuff, the food.

If you have read any of my Indian restaurant reviews, we tend to stick with what we know and like, though today we did go with a Chicken Korma and Butter Chicken rather than Chicken Tikka Masala and just for a change, an order of the Aloo Palak.

Well, honestly, it was good, very good in fact, the sauces were some of the best I have had, certainly better than Origin and slightly better than Mt Everest. The only negative would be the amount of chicken used, let's say it was light in this area, add some more meat to the dish and it would have been a home run. The Aloo Palak was good, I am not a big fan of this dish, but the wife loves it and she raved about this version.

The naan (plain and garlic) were superb, a little thinner than I normally like, but boy a simple dish done perfectly.

So all in all, a good place to eat, certainly the best Indian on this side of town.
I went to this place at the last minute w/ my gf who was craving Indian food.  both of us LOVE Indian food VERY much and have been to MANY of them.  This was among the best we've been to.  First the food, which is probably THE most important aspect of any dining experience for me.  You can have bad service and great food and reluctantly find yourself going back from time to time; but a place with bad food and great service is less likely to be revisited.  The food was absolutely delicious!  You have to try the chicken 64 (or something like that - it has a number in the name).  It's an appetizer dish with chicken that appears to have been marinated and then cooked in a batter or something.  IDK - I'm not a foodie and I don't know all the intricacies of HOW a dish is prepared.. all I know is that it was DAMN good!  I had meant to get a dish to go on my way back home the next day but forgot.  The other dishes were almost as good - WAY better than standard, but not quite as exceptional as the appetizer.  For spiciness, we got 8 which was just PERFECT for us.  We like it pretty spicy though, so for people less tolerant, you might want to dial it down a bit.

Service - which I think is the second most important in any dining experience, was PHENOMENAL - I would say it was pretty close to an all-time best for me.  We had sat down and since my gf is the foodie I let her pick the dish while I proceeded to check something on my phone.  As soon as I whip out my phone, the manager comes and asks if I need access to the wifi, which I gratefully accept.  The rest of the evening is just as attentive, friendly, and considerate.  I don't have time to go into all the details, but ALL of the staff were extremely pleasant, and attentive.  They are also very international which I really liked a lot.  There were Indian staff of course, but also Caucasian, Eastern Asian, and other ethnicity as well.  India, which has historically been a major fulcrum of the Silk Road is well represented by the people working here.  It was an absolutely delightful dining experience, adding another dimension to the tasteful decor and immaculate ambiance.  It almost makes me not want to leave a good review in fear that it will be over-crowded the next time we visit.  ;)  but the people working there REALLY deserve every bit of the praise.  I wish I had more time and the descriptive capacity to do them justice, but you'll simply have to experience it for yourself.  :)

PS:  I rarely ever do yelp reviews btw, but this one I really WANTED to do.
This is hands down the best Indian Restaurant in town. Went here for both lunch and dinner and was overwhelmingly satisfied each time.

Lunch: They're lunch buffet is HUGE! With $11, I was given a selection of 45 items. 45 dishes (15 is usually standard in any indian buffet)  in an Indian Buffet is unheard of. And it gets better. What makes India Masala stand out from its competitors  is that besides having nearly triple the quantity of dishes to choose from for less than $11, you're always in for a surprise. Unlike other traditional indian buffets, the items on the buffet at India Masala change everyday. Some traditional items such as Chicken Tikka Masala, Tandoori Chicken, Dal Makkhani etc. remain, but for the most part, dishes change each day. Also, it features both North & South Indian dishes in their buffet. In the end, best Indian buffet in Vegas. 

Dinner: When i step into any restaurant, there are 3 things I stick my neck out for: Food, Ambience, & Service. The food is phenomenal. My friends and I ordered a Family Dosa. Its a BIG BIG CREPE about 4 feet long! Also, I had the Chicken 65 as an appetizer, Lamb Madras Curry, and Garlic Nan. Chicken 65 was highly recommend by our server. It didn't disappoint. It was a dry red chicken. The flavor was quite different and thus hard to explain. All I remember is that each bite felt electric, literally. Lamb Madras Curry was also great. I ordered a spice level 7 and it was PERFECT. The curry had a great depth of flavor. Ambience is very beautiful. As for the service, this restaurant knows what it is doing. They're service is outstanding!
I'm going to start off letting everyone know how I found out about this place, these people are the same people as the India masala in the Riviera Hotel. I have been going to that one since I found out about it and they told me about it this new one and I thought why not lets give it a try. 

My friend and I decided to check out there buffet which is $10.99, a fairly decent price for having choices ranging from north Indian curries to south Indian curries and even indo-Chinese thrown in there as well. Also, for a dosa lover like me, they offer it in their buffet!!! I had tandoori chicken, pakora, chicken tikka masala (of course), goat curry, fish curry, curd rice, Avial (a south Indian dish...which was pretty good), tamarind rice, rasam (a south indian spicy tamarind soup), raita, and obviously naan/dosa (okay so all of it didn't fit in a plate, I had to make a couple rounds, and even though my friend kept making fun of me, I felt satisfied for the $11 I had spent)!

Overall, for an Indian lunch buffet this place surpassed my expectations. I'm usually very hesitant when it comes to going to Indian lunch buffets because I've had a few bad experiences here in Vegas but this, my friends is a safe and sumptuous choice. My friend and I have decided because we enjoyed this so much and because of its proximity to campus (UNLV) we are going to come at least 2-3 times a week because we were assured that they will have varying items every day.

The staff is very nice and helpful as well but like I said earlier we went to a buffet so we didn't have as much interaction as you would during dinner. We are planning to have dinner there sometime soon because they have such a huge menu, so I'll keep you all  posted.
Beautiful & Delicious!!
I always crave indo chinese food but had not come across a place that serves these options in Vegas.For this reason, I was really excited when I learnt that this new place had opened and had a groupon out as well.
Indo chinese is basically the indianized version of chinese food, as in India we like to spice everything up!! 
The place was busy with people at the restaurant as well as several take out orders being fulfilled. We were seated without delay and got water. They soon brought out a complimentary papad with 2 types of chutnety-sweet tamarind and coriander and both were yummy.
The server informed us that they were backed up in the kitchen and it would take 20 minutes to get our food, so we decided to order a veg samosa to share. The samosa was pretty nice.
She soon brought out the veg manchurian I had ordered and this was really good.
D ordered the veg thali which was huge and came with 2 veggies-bhindi (okra) masala, alu matar(potato and peas curry), black dal, raita yogurt, papad, lots of rice and fresh baked naan bread. It also included a mango achar relish and a desert-seviyan(which is a milk based desert like kheer but with vermicelli instead of rice.I tasted the desert and it was super yummy. The good thing about the thali was that everything looked home made and was not dripping in oil. The desert reminded me of desert I ate at home in India.
The service was great. Our glasses were never empty and our server checked in with us each time she crossed our table. All the other helpers and servers were also very customer oriented and everyone at the restaurant looked happy to be there.

I am excited to try their south indian dishes and will definitely go again!
I was suspicious about the great reviews, but being a lover of Indian food, had to find out for myself. Don't believe the hype and fake reviews. While the interior is nicely decorated, the food quality and selection is mediocre at best. They have about 15-20 selections and NOT the 45 items that another review claims. Surprisingly, they lacked the standard staples of lunch buffets like pakora, samosas, saag, and even kheer. While the naan and chutneys were ok, the currys and dahl were subpar. They tasted watered down and lacked the spice and complexity that they ought to have. According to their website, they were supposed to have some Indo-Chinese type dishes in their buffet but those items were completely absent. For dessert, they had some weird vermicelli served in a warm and sweet milk, reminiscent of kheer, but not tasting very good. Regardless, now that I know better, I'll be sticking with my tried and true favorites, i.e. Mt. Everest.
I have no idea who writes these reviews, but this place has been waaaay overrated. Friends, maybe?   I am Indian and have been on a endless search for the best Indian food (still searching).   I figure if a place can do a decent Indian lunch buffet then they atleast serious about cooking authentic Indian food during non-buffet times.

 I went for the lunch buffet, which I admit must be mildly seasoned to broaden customer appeal yet can't be too costly for the restaurant to make a profit, but I expect flavorful seasoning and variety. Everything was underseasoned, not enough salt or hot spice...there really was none. 

The buffet had the appearance of being bountiful because of the meat and vegetables were in the front buffet. It definitely captivate the eyes and stomach of customer.  However once at the buffet I found it not logically flowing once at the buffet.  It does not flow logically, which would be flowing from appetizers and papadums, to rice, noodles, and breads then veggies and meats.  Here the buffet started  with plates, tandoori chicken, chicken tikka, fish curry, daals, vegetable curries...all very soupy items that probably should have rice or a starch served first so the sop up the gravies.   In addition, too much repetition. 5 Proteins- 1 fish curry and 4 types of chicken (tandoori, wings, tikka, and curry),  4 daals, and 2 batter fried vegetable and 2 cheap starchy filed vegetable dishes...a gobi filled with chana and a "vegetable" curry dominated by potatoes and peas. Not reflective of the delicious quality vegetables dishes Indian cuisine has been admired for.  No paneer, as a vegetarian source of complete protein instead of ANOTHER chicken dish?

Furthermore, a very disjointed buffet offering, sambar without idli or dosa? mint chutney and tamarind chutney without samosa or chaat?  Come on!  You give the facade of bounty, but it is incomplete.  You know better, but undermine true Indian Buffet fans in order to cut costs. There are a ton of Indian buffets that are better for the same price and most are around you.

While this commonly happens at most buffets, it seem to be with every gravy dish... all the "good" stuff was gone and it seemed once it was finished, it was finished. Yet coming at 1 PM and the buffet is from 11:30 to 3:00 pm...I do expect it to be replenished, but didn't see it happen in the 45 minutes I was there.  

Understandably the dishes were mild, but there should be some "hot" sauce/condiment offered...I didn't see any, but I also never asked for any.  

Out of all the dishes the tandoori chicken was the best, it remained juicy yet it was still underseasoned and DEFINITELY NOT cooked in a tandoori.

One of the more promising things about the restaurant was that the atmosphere was "nice" and up to date and most importantly the service was way above par of most Indian restaurants...as an Indian it is rare to get treated as well as "non-Indian" customers.  Here our water glasses were never less than half full, and they appropriately checked on us from time to time without fussing or discriminating.
Came here for the lunch buffet (~$11) and left satisfied.  The place was moderately busy and had a nice selection of the usual buffet selections.  There weren't as many veggie options as I would have liked, but the options offered were all pretty fresh and not overspiced.  Our server was nicely attentive and unobtrusive, refilling water glasses with a smile.  This place served as a welcome oasis to begin the new school year.
Within a four mile radius of the university is a plethora of Indian restaurants. India Masala is another to add to the mix, but it tends to fall short compared to the others. They serve a lunch buffet from 11:30-3:00 for $10.99. 

Price wise, it is similar to all the others. Where it falls flat is in the offerings. IM offers a variety of dishes that are not often seen at other places. The vegetable korma is a primary example of this point. It was the one I enjoyed the most. The well seasoned mix of mushrooms and potatoes with the mango chutney gave a balanced taste of sweet and savory. The rice in the chicken biryani was also decious. It was soft, pillowy, and flavorful. I scooped around the dried chicken pieces and went with the tandoori instead. Most of the time, it is best to pass on the tandoori because it just sits out and loses all the moisture. Not theirs. Instead, I found it to be tender and moist. Other than those three dishes, I was not impressed.

The service, on the other hand, was polite and friendly. The decorum, spacious and warm. With so much potential, I hope to see them tweak the menu a bit more. I wouls like to come in for dinner and just order ala carte.
It's about time I found a truly good indian restaurant in Las Vegas. The chicken tikka masala was delicious when paired with their perfectly cooked garlic naan. Slightly crispy as well as soft and chewy. Tried the goat curry which was nice and earthy. My date thought some parts of the meat were too tendony but I surmised that it's because when cooking such an unusual meat, they probably used most parts of the animal. 

My only true complaint was that our waiter pretty much forgot to take our order and no one else came by our table in a long time. There were only 3 other tables being served at the time! We didn't get to eat til about 40 minutes from the time we sat down. I'm willing to forgive this hopefully one-time incident because of the surprisingly good food. I was treated to a spectacle of the family-sized dosa being served at the next table. It was huge! Can't wait to come back and try it.
Hands down, the best Indian food in Las Vegas!!!!! 
Being a Las Vegas resident and having eaten Indian food across the world, I can honestly say that India Masala is an absolute winner.  The interior is plush, comfortable, clean, and well built.  From the moment you walk in, you feel that you are transported for a dining experience half a world away.  I think what knocks out the competition are the unique and flavorful spices.  Spices I have never tasted before.  The entree melts in your mouth and wanting more and more.  The menu has everything you could ask for in an Indian restaurant, and the service was top notch.  I was also shocked at the outstanding prices.  Basically, I cant wait until I have the chance to eat there again!  Recommend for any occasion without hesitation!
Awesome hospitality. Very clean. Joseph, Nicole were serving us with great hospitality. Being vegetarian and indian too, we know the taste of indian dishes. We ordered papadi chaat, idly sambar, rasam, and uttpam. All there taste excellent. One note, if you love spicy, and real spicy you need to say 10/10. Try pista kulfi as dessert. Sambar, and coconut chutney was not that great but it was just Ok. Wasnt hungry much so tried only appetizers. Did not try any main course. Definitely we will come here again. Awesome place...
This place is beautiful, the decor is classy enough for date night, yet not so over the top that you feel under dressed at lunch. 
  It is as all buffets should be, clean and neat and well stocked. We came here after a disappointing stop at Ghandi the week earlier. The service here is wonderful, very nice and friendly also mindful and considerate. Full water glasses at all times, we were offered fresh naan bread and it was great. The mango lassi was affordable and generous.
 I do not know what is expected of Indian dishes officially, I only know if like what I had or not so please keep that in mind. 
 The first time we went we loved it. There were large chunks of chicken in the butter chicken and an amazing lamb curry. Kessla ? dessert which was over the top, we loved this. Lemon rice and unique vegetarian dishes I gave a try. Well cooked basmati rice. Tandoori chicken, soups, pakora.. 
 The second time came around and it was also great!! The Chicken Curry was amazing! 
 Told friends, then came a third time and..hmm..  things changed.. Butter chicken had tiny thin strands of chicken not at all the same kind from before, there was no lamb curry which was disappointing to me, and some dishes that looked good but had bones in them including the chicken curry (the first time it was made without bones). (I personally won't eat any gravies or curries with bones). There was a mango dessert that was unique. 
 I never tried the salads and smaller items, by the time I make it to the back wall I am full I did not count how many items but there is surely enough to choose from.
  So we would prefer more consistency in quality as customers, however that's the only issue we had here. No one got sick, nothing bad happened it was a pleasant experience. The place is really nice and deserves a shot.  I never had dinner here and I am dying to try the cashew chicken. We'll go back thats for sure.
I'm not a fan of Indian but this place was as good as you can get! 

The service was perfect and the food was good... The only thing I would have liked was more ice in my water because the food was so spicy!
This relatively new restaurant is an upscale offshoot of India Masala located in the Riviera food court.  It is decent size and nicely appointed.  We shared vegetarian and tandori thalis that included a variety of vegetarian entrees and sides, pappadum with chutneys, tandori chicken, basmati rice, naan, chicken tika, and rice pudding.  Everything tasted pretty good, but I thought prices were high in relation to the quantity of food served.  On our next visit I will opt for either the luncheon buffet or order regular entrees.  

A rating of 2.5 would be more appropriate.
nice ambiance and the wait staff was friendly.  I think there are much better indian restos in town.  My main qualm was that the food took a long time to come out and we were one of only two parties there.  There were also no togo pick ups at the time (5:30pm) so it was a little frustrating.  The other thing i didn't like was the portions were smaller than expected.  The food was a little blander than the way I like indian food, but maybe you can request a higher spice level.

As said before.  Nothing special.
This place has excellent food! This is one of the top 3 meals we had while visiting Vegas. I ordered the Chicken Tikka with a side of Lemon Rice and Garlic Naan. I can't emphasize how good this was and we will be back for more!
This is by far the best Indian food i have tasted. The lemon rice was delicious, highly recommend it. The chicken tikka was juicy and favorable.
We have tried Indian food at lot of tourist places, but the Indo-chinese food and the appetizers were very tasty....the staff was also very accommodating ...........will visit again when in VEGAS
Yum, yum!  This place appeared out of no where (I think there was a Mongolian grill type place and I ate at only once in this location).  I was not holding out too much hope since this restaurant is  two blocks away from my previously favorite Indian food establishment.  

Let me tell you why this place rocks.  First, the waiter was friendly and able to make recommendations.Then we got the food, whoo!  I had the tikki masala  with chicken and my friend had the butter chicken.  I had buttered naan and she had the capati.  The spices in the tikki masala were incredible.  The portion of the naan was more than I could have hoped for.  My friend really enjoyed her food.  We both had enough left overs to take home and have lunch the next day!  

Why is this place better than the joint down the street?  Better quality taste and our bill was smaller!
tried this place for the first time tonight. LOVED the food and the service was great. can't wait to come back and try different stuff
*Review for the lunch buffet only*

My Indian buffet resume for Las Vegas thus far includes Saffron Flavors of India (Summerlin), Taj Palace (Henderson), and the neighborhood rival a few blocks down (Mint).  In general, what I look for in Indian buffets is value, variety, and flavor.  Thus far, I think Taj Palace wins in flavor, Mint has variety but seems to always underwhelm me in the flavor category, and Saffron is severely lacking in variety (no Tandoori chicken...I literally observed an angry customer lecture the waiter on the lack of tandoori chicken and then proceeded to order some on top of his buffet).  Not quite ready to proclaim India Masala as best one in town since I still need to cross off Mt. Everest and Namaste off the list, but for *value (see below) and variety, they deserve some props.  

In general, I have been surprised by the high prices for Indian buffets in Vegas compared to some other places I've lived (almost always in the double digit dollar range) and I'm at a point in my life where I no longer have the capability to polish off 3-4 plates + dessert to get my money's worth so just like an aging Greg Maddux who has to add some off-speed pitches to compensate for his slower fastball or Michael Jordan adding a fadeaway to his shot selection during the second half of his career, I too had to change up my game, and this buffet is ideally suited for my plan of attack.  

Back in college, when my roommate and I were short on cash, we would routinely compete to see who could pack the most food in the local Indian restaurant "take out buffet" styrofoam tray.  Over several trips, we came up with the ideal arrangement which consisted of wet items on the bottom, layer of rice to soak up some flavors but with dry side above, as much tandoori chicken as we could fit, then cushioning everything with naan and other odds and ends.  This ended up easily being the equivalent of 3-4 meals while preserving the integrity of of each item.   So when I showed up one day from my office with a short lunch break, I went with the buffet-to-go option and was ecstatic when they presented me  not only with the usual styrofoam tray, but packed my naan separately in tinfoil and gave me two additional styrofoam bowls....huzzah!  My college roommate would be nodding in approval as I packed my tray full bursting at the seams but now had two additional bowls which I could pack with soup, dessert, salad, or additional rice/or any liquid item suitable for dipping my crispy warm naan.  All in all I foraged enough food to feed a small Indian village.

In terms of variety, this is a double edged sword since like other reviewers have mentioned, this can be hit or miss both in terms of quality (some dishes soared whereas others fell flat) and the expectation of seeing your favorite dishes being present on any given day is highly variable since they do a good job (perhaps too good) of rotating dishes in and out.  I've been here 3 times, and I've seen at least 2-3 distinct dishes not present from before including sauteed okra, fish curry, egg curry, goat curry, and the occasional indo-chinese food item (definitely get this when it is available).  The setup of the restaurant inside is very clean, spacious, and welcoming and for someone that appreciates variety, I like the fact that they take chances and have something for everyone, but not everything is for everyone.  It's an educational foodie experience to see the a wide spectrum of rice dishes, unique desserts, and breads that you won't know if you will like unless it's put forth in front of you.  One glaring omission from the buffet is the samosas since I have yet to see an appearance and while taste of specific items may not be superior to other buffets across town, it definitely edges out Mint head-to-head for the lunch buffet on the east side since they are not afraid to throw in some spice and I'd much rather the items err on being bold than being bland.  3.5 stars with an extra half star bump due to the hidden value in getting their buffet to go.
This review is for the BUFFET ONLY. Since I was so pleased with my food when I visited last time, I thought about trying the buffet. They had 3 types of chicken; tikka masala, tandoori and something called chicken veduppu(spelling?). I had a small piece of the veddupu chicken and it was really good and seemed to have good flavor. The tikka masala was ok.

I was hoping for atleast a couple of options of the indo chinese dishes, but all they had was a schezwan veggie dish, which was super super spicy and I could just have a few bites. They also had dosas which though fresh were not crisp, and were wrongly labeled as utthapam. About the labels-I would suggest that they take care to label food properly, as they had labeled the potato mix that goes with dosas as aloo gobhi(cauliflower potato). The mix itself was ok and had very large pieces of potato and was obviously not the original stuff served with dosas. So the 2 things I was looking forward to-south indian and indo chinese were seriously lacking in taste.
For veggies, they had a few options-okra, black dal, some veg curry. I tried a bit of the okra and dal and they were just ok.

Desert was pretty blah too: pink colored fruit custard and halwa. They need to really consider labeling and arranging the food in a logical order, as I remember standing in the middle of the buffet looking for rice, as it was placed next to the desert. The halwa was labeled 'kesari' which I think is a south indian version of halwa so I knew it was desert. However, for my non hindi speaking friends, it might have been confusing as it was placed next to the rice and could have passed off as a savory dish.

I guess these are initial glitches and I do hope they improve, as I would love to have one indian restaurant in Vegas that serves consistently good food.
Not overly impressed. Large selection of entree dishes, no Saag Paneer though?!?! Everthing was good, just not extraordinary. Seems like they go for quantity over quality. I will say the custard with fruit was some of the best ive had. Service was friendly and attentive. Overall decent but Mint a mile west on Flamingo has much better food, though a smaller selection.
A good place for Indian food. The decor and service were superb.
12/28/12 DINNER

Our experience was more like 3.5 stars, but I'll give the nice attentive staff an extra half star for effort.

First off, I'm thinking, what's "Jainism"? This was the first time I've ever encountered an Indian restaurant that had dishes for those who observe Jain as a religion, and as a cuisine. Or at least identified as Jain on a menu. Quickly and secretly reading Wiki, I find that their cuisine consists of a refusal to eat "bulbs", meaning no garlic, onions, potatoes or such. Fascinating read, Jainism.

But back to the meal. We had a LOT of food, cuz we had a GROUPON, but also cuz we love so much about Indian cuisine, and simply don't go enough.

- Cuminium: A cocktail containing gin, absinthe, cumin and other things! It was actually quite interesting, and enjoyable.
- Vegetable samosas: Not the best we've had, but quite good.
- AndhraSpicy Masala Dosa: Under the "southern Indian" column in the menu, this was quite good. Kinda like having the samosa again, except in a crepe, dusted with a spicy powder that, like szechuan pepper, built up spice in the mouth. Great dipping sauces, including one akin to a minestrone soup? Highly recommended, and in fact, I think the "southern"  column, or vegetarian selections, is the way to go here. (Keep reading.)
- Flying Horse lager: Split a tall Indian beer, this one we had never before encountered, it was light but worked with the main courses.
- Shrimp Chettinadu: Billed as a 21-spice concoction (again, something we'd never before encountered), unfortunately the shrimp were overcooked. But the sauce, very dry for a sauce, was interesting enough.
- Lamb Pepper Fry: Again the protein, this time lamb, was overcooked. Tough. But the onions, grilled and raw (NOT A JAIN ITEM!) and other things made it overall tasty.

So overall we thought India Masala was about mid-way in this town for its quality of Indian cuisine. We've had worse, we've had better. I want to eventually return for the lunch buffet . (I have found that some places which aren't quite successful at dinner do quite well with their buffet.) But as for dinner, I might go back if friends insist, and only go vegetarian. Or maybe be Jain, for an evening.

ADDENDUM

Oops. Forgot to mention. I had brought a bottle of Gewurztraminer to have with dinner. Corkage was quoted as TWENTY FIVE DOLLARS! And they're not even on the Strip! So don't bother bringing your own, just order a cocktail and split a beer, as we did.
What a great find in Vegas! Discovered this place through restaurant.com.

Good food, clean and spacious facility, reasonably priced, very short ride from the strip, pleasing decor. I enjoyed my meal thoroughly.

I live in in LA and visit Vegas at least 3-4 times a year. I am glad I found a good India restaurant there. Don't hesitate to try!
I was excited to try this restaurant yesterday because it's one of the few Indian restaurants that serves south Indian food.  I checked the times on the website and Facebook for dinner service and arrived during what I thought was dinner service. I was told the restaurant was not seating customers because of a private party, only takeout was available. Anyone familiar with south Indian food (ie dosas) knows it doesn't lend itself to takeout so I left disappointed and doubt I will go back. So my review is for poor service (why not post on Facebook that there is no dinner service?), not the food. I would advise anyone to call before making the trip to make sure you will be served.
The low rating is due mostly to the poor customer service received at this restaurant.  I think there are better indian restaurants in vegas and I would not come back here again.  Waited forever sitting at the table before getting our order taken.  Had to ask for water multiple times and once my bf gave the evil eye to the manager did we finally get some help.  The place wasn't that busy either, maybe 2 - 3 tables?? I am not sure if it was because we were foreigners in the restaurant but our waiter ignored us a lot and then later seemed scared to approach our table since we were pretty upset.  When asking about menu items, it seemed like alot of them were not available that night which sucked.  The butter chicken we ordered had pieces of bone in it and had to pay extra for rice on the side.  I mean putting aside the customer service, the food was ok but I would not repeat since it was very slow service (when not busy) and the whole experience seemed pretty miserable :(
this review is for the lunch buffet.

this is a nice-looking restaurant, big buffet- there were lots of choices, and definitely more vegetarian-friendly options than nearby mint. i think they are a little better than mint in terms of sheer flavor and spice-level- while still not where i'd like it to be, it's a little more flavorful than typical indian buffet food.

the malai kofta was good and so was the aloo gobi- the latter had a nice fresh gingery flavor.

naan was served PIPING hot but our second basket didn't make it to our table until we were almost done eating. the service was a bit tricky in general- several different people waited on us, and there was no coordination between them, and they could be a little slow. at one point we waited like 15 minutes for someone to get us drink refills, and then right after we asked one guy to get them, another was asking if we wanted refills. it was confusing and inefficient.

it's somewhere between 3 and 4 stars as far as vegas indian buffets but i am erring on the side of less stars because of one glaring buffet omission: paneer. where was the paneer? :(
India Masala is...okay.

I had heard about their location in Riviera but there's no way I'm braving the strip, its tourists and its prices just for Indian food. So when my wife and I saw India Masala had finally opened a second location while we were on our way to our preferred Indian buffet (Mint), we decided we had to try it.

In short, we should've just stuck with Mint. There's nothing objectively bad about India Masala. You could even make the argument that the food is a bit more flavorful than the seemingly afraid-of-spice Mint. But whether it's the decor, the service or the selection, something about this place just didn't click with me. Another disappointing contestant in a city that is, sadly, completely bereft of Indian restaurants.

And where oh where is the gulab jamun?!
We ordered naans, chicken curry and chicken biryani to pick up in Indian Masala when we were in Vegas on vacation.
We didn't know that Indian Masala has 2 branches one on strip and one here.  we went to the one on strip and then came here, coz they said they're different.  what a waste of time!! anyways, it's our mistake to get confused.

Coming to the food.  What a horrible food.  Sooo disappointing. The naans are burnt to the core.  I somehow managed to get one small piece that wasn't burnt and it is uncooked!!! How can somebody manage to burn so much yet uncook???
Chicken was soooooo raw and had bones.  A good vet could still have saved the hen!!
This review is for Dinner. 
Quick Review:  Food was good but the service was very very bad. 

Details: 
I have been to this place several times since its opening, service has been okay so far... but tonight it was disastrous. It took more than 10 minutes to take the order. Once order was made, food arrived in reasonable time. But after this no one cared to check our table for more than 30 minutes. The restaurant was not even busy. We finished our food and were kept waiting. Even the water was not refilled. I thought of ordering another dish and a dessert, but the lack of service made me decide against it.
Came in for dinner because a friend of mine told me about this place and I have to say I wasn't just served a meal like all the other restaurants do here in town I feel like I was given a great EXPERIENCE for the short while i was there. the staff was extremely knowledgeable about the food there which was great because I am not too familiar with it and after my food order was taken the bartender (whom was extremely beautiful and charming) came and personally took my drink order even though the place was pretty busy! She made me their signature India Masala cocktail and it was hands down the best cocktail I've ever had in my life hats off to the bartender. The food came out in a reasonable time and the food was amazing, best food I've had in years I gave my compliments to the chef. The prices were very reasonable and as I was leaving they acknowledged I was leaving, gave mea big smile, and said to come back again and it was a pleasure to have me. They hit all the notes to what wonderful customer service is and I am definetely going back there again soon!
Ok, I already tried the one they have on Riveira Casino. Frist impression of that place wasn't  that great. So i had spoiled potatoes in my Favorite dish (Dosa). After that i never went there. Then i heard this place, gave the frist try with our family. in the evening time wan't that busy and we had great welcome from the front desk and the waiter guy was kind enough to bring three high chairs for our baby to make the broken one replaced. he was no smile and pleasent. Bar tender dude was ecceptional and he knows what he doing. he made great magarita and his generous service was make any one happy. i tried the Chicken tika Dosa twise... really... it was that good.. Only the down fall was the shrimp biriani the shrims were bad taste like they were uncooked. 
     The waiter dude " Santiago Fernandez" is a collest indian waiter i ever seen. I think this dude knows what he talking about when he is explaining the food. Even he gave me wierdest messurment of the legnth of the Dosa that chef made in the kitchen. It was unacceptable but belivable fact. lols to my self..... we all happy about the service and the prices but they finally took the shrim beriani put of our bill by Manager Raj... Keep his mustache perfectly fine. $220 something dollarasss.. went down to $160 kindof....Bless me Groupon!!! 
   We will go back thats for sure and we will send more people.. more Sri Lankans of course!!!!
I have eaten at this place many times and it has become my favorite Indian restaurant in Las Vegas. Indian food can get expensive but this is reasonable. The superb food way out weights the cost. I try different dishes each time I go and have yet to be disappointed. If you are not sure what to order or if you will like it, they have a lunch buffet that has a pretty good choice for you to sample and again very reasonable. Meat dishes are my favorite but they have a good portion of vegetarian dishes on the buffet too. Dal Makhani is my favorite vegetarian dish , but all are good. They always have 4-5 different chutney's to choose from with salad and fresh fruit. The nan bread is always fresh and the service is friendly. This is a rather new restaurant and as the word gets out it will get hard to get a table on Friday or Saturday night dinner without a wait. I would go now and be a trend setter by telling you friends. They will love you for it.
Every time I attend a conference in Las Vegas, I end up at India Masala Bar & Grill for a truly wonderful dining experience.  Rajesh, the owner's son always ensures you a truly unique and unforgettable culinary feast.

We love spicy and the chef's ability to pay attention to your level of spicy is spot on.

The menu is truly reasonably priced, the wine list is exceptional and a wide variety of dishes from the North and South of India makes India Masala a lights out choice.  

You won't be disappointed in the fragrant curries or special veggie dishes. Yes, a truly wonderful dining experience.
Just had their buffet that had wonderful tikki masala, a wide range of indian dishes and various types of rice. $10 was certainly worth it! It was a wonderful experience!  We ordered a goat dish with an onion and ginger gravy. The pistachio kulfi was amazing, homemade and creamy! Demetri was a fabulous server, very attentive and caring! He even took the time to go through the buffet line and explain every dish and made helpful suggestions, the goat dish was one of them. The naan bread is fresh and hot, very delicious. We are foodies and definitely will be back, and will bring friends! Thank you for the hospitality!
I drive by this place all the time and finally stopped in.  Must thank yelp for the deal.

My roommate and I were hungry and the fridge was empty.  Search for a deal and boom, right next to home.  We came in around dinner time and it was fairly packed.  After, I am glad we came in when we did.  The dinner rush came in 20 mins after we did.  Service? Outstanding!!  Waiters very tentative to us, but I felt that too many different servers approached us and made it difficult to keep track.  Our waiter that took our order gave me some good recommendations since I have not had India food before.  Our first app was the chicken 65.  65 different spices, I thought dang.  I'm gonna need lots of water.  Turns out, very flavorful.  Similar to carne asada since it was served with diced onions and cilantro.  Our main was the Masala Dosa dn the Tandorri dinner.  I am first glad I didn't go with the 3 foot long dosa.  Would have been way too much.  I loved the dosa, very spicy the one I got, but also fresh.  Tandoori was very nice, plenty of different meats.  I do feel that the chicken was dry as well as the sausage (over cooked).  This probably happen since the kitchen was backed up.  My roommate loved the naan.  So great, that he ordered another basket.  We got our free mango for checking via yelp.  Very tasty drink.  From the name, I first thought it was a jelly.

Everything was great, but kitchen was overwhelmed by the rush.  Waiters did apologized many times, and we listened into the other tables complaints and all.  I felt that they handled the neighboring table well since they were upset by a mistaken order.  Others were upset by the wait. 

Overall, I'll come back.  Do want to try the lunch buffet.
This place had some great reviews so I figured I would give the buffet a try. I was really not impressed. First impressions were good in the door, it is nicely decorated and clean. We got there about 7 minutes after the buffet had opened but the food looked like it had already been sitting out a while with skins on the tops. We enjoyed the chicken tikka masala, rice and the naan bread, but everything else was pretty disappointing. I was also surprised they had no desserts besides fruit, most indian buffets I go to at least have rice pudding. We ordered mango lassis as well because they didnt have cold chais...which didnt really taste like mango, they were like white, sour, runny greek yogurt drinks. Honestly, I will not go back, there are much better places in town, perhaps sit down is a better experience.
I have been to Indian restaurants throughout the U.S and this place is, by far, the BEST! I'm serious. Amazing.
No idea how this place got any good reviews. We went for the lunch buffet and it was awful. We arrived right when the place opened and the food was not fresh, already had a skin on it. The buffet was laid out horribly. The rice is in the back and not the front before the entrees. There were no deserts besides fruit(wheres the Kihr?). We tried almost every entree on the menu and the only one that was decent was the chicken tikka masala, the rest was either bland or sour. The goat curry had bones in it... disgusting.  Also, AVOID THE LASSI AT ALL COSTS. It was sour and I could barely get through a few sips. This either means the yogurt used had gone sour or they do not know how to make a lassi, either way it sucked. As you probably have already guessed, I will not be returning, even if they paid me. 

Do yourself a favor and drive two blocks down Flamingo and go to Mint instead! (Get a strawberry or mango lassi, it will show you how a lassi is supposed to taste)
was good for the price, quiet...  poor service
I would go all five stars but yes, as I am not very picky knowing you can't get perfect with buffet style, the food could be stirred up a little. NO BIG DEAL folks! 

I thought it was very clean and I enjoyed the atmosphere of the music and how helpful everyone was. I am an Italian who knows good tasting food. This stuff was delicious. If people go here expecting typical buffets with a bunch of treats and meats you are crazy and don't belong writing shitty reviews. 

I have seen this place a few times as it is next door to my fav Pawn Shop that my friend works at. I went in and enjoyed the lunch buffet had great service and will def go back again.

Didn't know the owners son works the front but i would like to pass along the thanks for the hospitality and service. 
Keep up the good work!
Super friendly people and someone is cooking up some delicious food in that kitchen. Came for dinner on a Tuesday, not to crowded. Had the vegetable korma which was off the hook.
The wife and I went for dinner as a spur of the moment thing. Upon walking in, we were impressed with the ambiance. It was open and airy. We were warmly greeted and seated. At the table we were our server presented us with a basket of delightfully light and crisp chips accompanied by plum and mint chutney dips. Our server was Dmitri. He was great. He was speedy without being pushy. He knew the menu and was willing to accommodate special requests.

We ordered the tilapia appetizer. The portion could have been an entree for two. The fish was appropriately flaky without being dry. It was spicy without assaulting the taste buds. I had to hold back so that I would have room for the main course. These did not disappoint. I had the lamb curry at spice level 8, and my wife had the chicken masala at spice level 3. The chicken had to be special ordered. The chicken normally used has the red-pink coloring to it. This tends to upset my wife's stomach. Dmitri was able to convey this to the chef and the chef nailed it. Most importantly, we did not have to wait any longer for this modified meal. And by the way. The chicken was amazing. Juicy, flavorful, and sliced just right. The lamb was the same. I sampled both over a nicely prepared bed of basmati rice.  I only regret not saving room for dessert. Next time.

Another impressive thing was the menu selection. Oftentimes Indian restaurants only serve regional dishes. This menu offers a full culinary tour of India. I am not one for buffets, but I might try theirs just to take the full tour.

The pricing was reasonable. Had we not ordered the tilapia and mango lassi (which was extraordinary), our meal with tip would have been about $42.00. That is a great dinner price just about anywhere, but is an exceptional value in Vegas.

This place hit the grand slam for me: ambiance, service, food, and price.
My boss and I just happened to drive upon this place after realizing we were too early for lunch at LOS.  I am very open to any type of food and not afraid to try new things.  That being said I am not at all familiar with the assortment of dishes that I tried or the names nor am I an expert on Indian food. But I can appreciate the fact that the lunch buffet was very descriptive of the what each item was, the waiter was attentive and it's very cute inside.   One of my favorite dishes was the fruit salad in a sweet yogurt.  I can say that for $10.99 lunch buffet with a lot of choices I will be back.
I've gone here twice so far and both times I've had exceptional service!  There's a deal from yelp you can use to get $10 or $20 off your meal.  I love their masala chai, naan, their chicken tikka masala and chicken korma! They also have a great lunch selection as well. Definitely coming back to this place!
The last Indian buffet I went to there was so much oil over the aluminium containers, F.E.M.A. was called to take care of the spill. The left over saag (spinach) from previous nights had overcooked to the point, it had turned brown and looked like an alien.

The owners of India Masala, should be proud to be calling themselves Indian, since I have never been to an Indian restaurant, which is impeccably clean and classy. The Buffet is the main attraction and not a corner side-show as in other Indian restaurants. Last time I was there, I ate so much I had to find a tree to wind around  to digest the incredible food that I had at the buffet., not to mention it is not easy to find a tree in the desert. 

They also have a nice cozy bar and I have a red wine (preferably chilled since the the wine sommeliers, who go to school of higher learning with student loans jauntily  come back to tell the bartenders to serve red wine at  "room temperature." Room temperature in Las Vegas, happens to be 120 degrees Fahrenheit. The bartenders who are taught not to argue with experts follow the dictum to the tee. The red wine has to be chilled to taste good and even a cheap wine will taste good-chilled and most mere mortals drink cheap wine.

Not to digress, I have red wine before and during dinner which gives you a tremendous appetite, unlike beer, that makes you full and not to mention gives you Buddha like belly. The Buffet is not only sight for sore eyes with over Forty ! North and South Indian items,but it a feast for the palate, to say the least. The buffet is freshly cooked unlike Chinese restaurants where they serve left over from the previous week. The secret to good Indian food is authentic cooks. I found out from the waiters that they have Four North and South Indian cooks. Most of the Indian restaurants have no cooks, but someone on a tourist visa paying off their debts.

The service is superb and the ambiance is embellishment to the feast. There is no way anyone can get this kind of food for the price they are charging and this can happen Only in Las Vegas the Buffet Capitol of the World. India Masala is the Indian Buffet Capitol of Las Vegas., I would say this is the Healthiest Buffet /food in Las Vegas or anywhere.
.
It is time for my weekly visit to the Capitol.
We stopped for dinner last night as it had been awhile since we had Indian food.  Since we got there right at 5 PM which is their opening time, the place was empty and we were seated immediately.  Water was brought quickly and we also ordered regular iced tea.  The server came back and said they were out of regular iced tea and they only had the sweetened raspberry tea.  We got that instead.

For an appetizer, we ordered the medhu wada, two deep fried doughnuts made from ground lentils, rice, and black pepper.  With it was served three chutneys or sauces that added some to the dryness of the wada.  The sauces were a tomato based one, a soup, and a coconut based one.  The wadas were very flavorful and after chewing, you got the flavor of the black pepper.  When our server went to clear the dishes, she asked if we wanted to keep any of the chutneys.  I kept the soup and ate it.  It was great!

For dinner, my wife ordered the garlic chicken and I ordered Madras curry chicken, spice level 7 on a 1 to 10 basis.  We also ordered some garlic naan.  Dinner came with basmati rice.  We both liked our meals, and we had garlic chicken to bring home for another meal for one of us.  The garlic naan was good. For dessert, we shared a dish of kheer.

A couple of things keep me from ranking the place higher.  On one of the hottest days this summer, the restaurant was very warm.  I don't like freezing in a place either and I always take a denim long sleeve shirt with me.  I sure didn't need it as I was perspiring and it wasn't from the curry.  Speaking of that, 7 is not high enough for a good spice level.  Their 7 was rather tame and the curry seemed to be lacking some of the rich flavor it should have.  Perhaps I'm spoiled by Thai curry.  I think I need to stay away from indian curry.  The kheer had no pistachio chunks on it which somewhat makes the dish interesting.  I saw the photo that Westie W. posted and I thought that it was really enticing.  The no regular iced tea threw me.  I was going to ask them if I could have some hot water and a tea bag and a glass of ice.  I could have made my own.  Out of iced tea is so lame.  

We bought a Yelp deal which is in essence a $5 off deal.  This place is OK, but I won't be returning.  There are good good, fully supplied Indian restaurants in town.
Some of the best Indian food I've had in a long time, although very spicy! I usually have the buffet but tonight I ordered off of the menu. I specifically wanted the Chicken Chili dish that I tried at one (only one unfortunately) of the buffets. Never saw it again at the buffet so had to order it for dinner. It's listed under appetizers on the menu. That made me think it wasn't a dinner sized portion. The waitress asked what spice level 1-10. Only had that asked at Thai restaurants. We ordered medium. Also ordered Saag Paneer at medium spice. I should have asked for everything to be served together because the chicken came out first. It was fresh and hot, and also blazingly spicy!!! DAMN! It was so flavorful and quite tasty with an insane depth of flavor...but SO HOT!! Couldn't stop eating it! The saag was just as hot but oh so fresh! Chunks of tomato with strands of chive on top. Could have used a little more salt I think, but a little too hot. Tongue went numb, which I don't mind if the food is outstanding. Also had rice and garlic naan with meal. I would have given 4 stars, but the spice level of the meal caused intestinal distress for a few days, which I usually experience eating Indian food. The spice level of the food at the buffet is far less than when you order off the menu. Dining here reminded me of the first time I went to Shalimar, which I thought was some HOT Indian food. I love Indian food, but for some reason gives me intestinal distress. India Masala is another great Indian restaurant in my 'hood (Mint, Ghandi, India Palace) which I am truly grateful for! Will go again and lower the spice levels. Extremely tasty food! Careful with the spice levels...10 must be unedible!
I came on a Friday during lunch and had ate their buffet for $15. 

- Classy. high ceiling. fancy wine glass for water. nice silverware. 
- Great chicken curry! Not dry!
- Solid variety. Great taste.
- No old film over curries 
- Hint of spice! 
- To-Go buffet same price as lunch. $12.
- They had some chopped fruit, but didn't look too appetizing. 
- 2.5 plates, naan, and vermicelli pudding was enough to put me in a food coma..zZzZ
- I'd chose Mint if you come solo and want to yolo. But if you're +1, this is the place since you can use the $15 for 20 value and get the mango dessert from check-in!
clean and classy restaurant
welcoming staff and nice service.
Did not really like the buffet. May be they are showing less love in preparing lunch buffet items.
Economical Food for the ambiance and  good for groups.
Its not the best biriyani you will get in Vegas. Still i will recommend Shalimar for Best Biriyani.
Chicken Tikka masala with Nan is good.
Dosa is ok
Its not the best indian food out there but can go once. First timer might like it.
This has been a frequent spot but recently the food quality has gone bad. These guys used to have a good dosa around. Few of us came by dinner and were served dosas which were very sour ... old batter I think probably a few days old. Was not a good experience at all :(

We said this and it didn't look like the chef cared much.
Atmosphere was nice, very clean. Service was atrocious. Seated quickly, but waited forever just to order. Five tables with patrons...four wait staff just walking from one place to another doing nothing. As dishes would empty, we placed them aside in an organized manner, yet none of the wait staff bothered to clear them. We actually had a new dish brougt to our table and they simply moved aside the empty/used dishes and left them on our crowded table. Ordered the tandoori chicken and chicken tikka masala. Tandoori was not as flavorful as I've had at other restaurants. Tikka was good, but it barely fed two people. I expected more for the price in terms of quality of food and service. A real disappointment, will not be a repeat diner.
Nice spot to grab cheap Indian, with a great variety of choices of Northern and Southern cuisine. Portion sizes are generous and full of flavor. Lots of coupons for checking in. Onion Cilantro Naan was delicious and filling. Madras Chicken Curry was full of flavor and the perfect amount of spicy. 

Nice local spot, a good escape from the strip with friendly service.
Had an amazing experience. I ordered the Chicken Vindaloo and my GF had the Korma, both were perfectly spiced and had amazing flavors. The Naan was the best I've ever had. Service was good and prompt even though our waiter had the personality of a neatly folded napkin. I would highly recommend this place and get the Groupon deal. Well worth it!.
Staff very nice. Food was good.
Very good food and great service. They made special non garlic non onion food for my Mom
Best indian food ,;!!we had lunch buffet  delicious, chicken65, bhuna gosht very good and perfectly spiced, service was very nice impressed  ambiance 
  Try the best indian restaurant in town,.
I m big fan of indian food and this is my first visit to India masala bar and grill .
I just want to say WOW
BEST INDIAN RESTAURANT  in VEGAS
Tonight we went for dinner 
We had sach a wonderful experience .
Food was great ..lamb madras curry and garlic nan ... Yum yum ...
Our server was Pawan 
He is professional and the best 
Suggest us some good wine and food .
Thanks India masala
The lunch buffet was good.
Not great but better than the other restaurants around.
Hands down the best Indian food in town, additionally some of the best I've ever had. They are super nice here and the portions are so much better than most places.  I got the Lamb Curry & my girl got the lentil crepe, both were absolutely incredible!! Definitely our top place to go now.
This is my first yelp review and this review 
is for vegetarian dishes only.

Awesome! Awesome!! Awesome!!!

This place came up in yelp search 
when we were looking for indain restaurant for dinner
on one of our Vegas trips. The food here will not disappoint you
and worth it's value.

We had veggie korma and sambar-rice, both were very 
Delicious. You have an option of setting the spice level 0 to 10
For every dish and you get what you ask for.

Service was very friendly and we got complimentary 
Mango lassi since their kitchen was little behind and we were waiting for our food 
to be served.

Overall very positive experience and would love to go back
when we are back in Vegas !!
.
I brought my brother here on a recent visit to Vegas, he has had a lot of Indian food in Chicago, he said this was the best Indian food he ever had! We had a great dinner starting with Samosas that were delicious!  Great flavor and seasoning.  We also had Chicken Korma and Tikka, both fabulous, the Tikka is my favorite.  We enjoyed a very tasty Indian beer, Hayward's 5000, and finished with home made ice cream, mango and pistachio, both real nice.  I went back to have the lunch buffet later in the week and found many new dishes that I really enjoyed.  The Curry Chicken was just divine! The restaurant is clean and nicely decorated with very friendly servers and management.  The garlic naan is awesome! The levels of flavor in the dishes I tried were so complex and fun to eat. 
It was a pleasure to eat at India Masala, I can't wait to visit again!
This place is amazing!  I went for the lunch buffet and the scents draw you in from the moment you walk through the door.  There were SO many delicious options to choose from that I didn't even know where to begin.  The naan is the best I've ever had - and I've lived in India.  There is something about the way the flavors of the food blend together so perfectly, the chef has created a truly magical experience for you.  The staff is also very friendly and attentive.  I really just can't say enough about how fantastic this restaurant is.  I go back anytime I'm in the area!
This place is GREAT!  I'm always comparing indian restaurants.  I always find something wrong but honestly speaking I could not find a single thing wrong with this place.  The staff was great and caring.  I overheard them trying to find a taxi for some tourist.  The food was really good. I had paneer butter masala and unlike other paneer dishes this was not oily at all and the naan was soft, which I love.  I hate crunchy and chewy naan.  I took butter chicken and gobi manchurian, which is a south indian dish, home for my boyfriend and he LOVED it.  I am a vegetarian so according to my boyfriend the meat dish was really good.  I will be coming back for sure, especially when I'm feeling homesick :)
This place had one of the best indian food I have had!! The chicken tikka masala was amazing...a good variety for their lunch buffet...and usually u get a good discount coupon on yelp that helps...
Yelp deal is a big sham. I did a togo of food on a Tuesday night and the guy at the counter says the manager wont accept it. He agrees after I read him the conditions and fine print from Yelp.  An item in my order was also missing. Food is so-so. There are far better places for Indian food around.
Free mango lassi with checkin!! That being said, I had the lunch buffet. The highlights for me were the chicken tikka masala, tandoori chicken, garlic nan, and keer. The potato pancake was interesting as well. Similar to what I've had in Korean cuisine, but this one has a bit of sourness to it. There are different types of chutney and also salad. Some of the vegetarian dishes were tasty as well, but I'm disappointed there was no paneer. Overall it is good. Service is excellent as the staff was very friendly and helpful. I think we had 6 yelp checkins and they were so happy to give us our free mango lassi, so much so they even gave us an extra one. There is also pineapple n cantaloupe for those who like to end their meal with fresh fruit.
The meat dishes like lamb kebab & chicken 65 we're not that great. 
Paneer tikka masala. Plenty of gravy but only 8 cubes paneer. Chana masala was ok. Naan was fresh & soft.
Disclaimer: I haven't tried the food here yet (not sure I will bother). The 1-star review is for the crap service. If I ever return to eat, I will update accordingly.

I placed an online order for pick up through Eat24, was quoted 30 minutes. I get there a few minutes later than that and was told that the order was not made due to the chef being busy. Host says the chef can make it now, but it will be another 30 minutes. I'm on a lunch break from work, already blew through most of it driving there. No thanks, canceled. Really irritated that no one thought to let me know the order would be delayed, wasted enough of my time that I couldn't go elsewhere. I understand shit happens, but let me know so I can plan around it. Not cool.
India Masala is an Indian restaurant near UNLV's campus on Flamingo.  The parking lot does get filled because a combination of India Masala, the various business around, and the small parking lot. I'm impressed with the interior, it is very nice and a huge improvement from what was there, only a few years ago.  That being said it is very nice inside but how does the rest stack up?

Well I came here with my usual large group of co-workers and they were more than accomendating.  We all did the lunch buffet which was only $9.99, the same price as Mt. Everest.  In comparison buffet wise, I do perfer Mt. Everest a lot more because they had more selection, flavor, and better quality in the non-salad and non-dessert items but India Masala is an ok substitute. So they don't have a large selection on their buffet. Their rice dish wasn't mixed well, large patches of non-mixed rice was found throughout. The curry dishes were very running, if they weren't meant to be running. But their desserts, the free mango lassi after check-in and yogurt/tapioca/pudding looking things with fruits were all very delicious. Their meat dishes and regular/garlic naans were about the same. Customer service was excellent, when a few of us decided to use our free lassi check-in offers and they gave more than enough it became awesome.

There are better Indian restaurants in the area. The food in the buffet were alright but not good enough for me to be a fan of. Maybe I'll come back for dinner or not do the buffet. They do have a happy hour from 3pm-6pm for with a drink list and 50% off selected appetizers.
Came with my vegan dining partner. We came at lunch and they had only the buffet but we told them we were vegan so they let us order off the menu. Although we announced we were vegan, I ordered a chai tea, and they brought me a chai with creme :( so it was quickly exchanged for a plain black tea. The spice was a tiny heavy for a 6 of 10, so use caution there. Very yummy, easy menu and good value. Very close to UNLV! Worth a try.
My friend recommended this place, so we ended up checking it out mid-week for some Lunch Buffet action!!! Place was fairly busy, wait-staff were friendly and we were seated immediately.

The food: This is where they lose 2 stars. While the curries are ok and all, the choices are very limited (and rather uninspiring). The meat items were generic, altho the Butter Chicken was quite delish compared to the rest (but I've had better). No beef/lamb/goat/seaffood options. A bit vanilla if you ask me...

The Garlic-Naan though was AMAZING! Some of the best Naan I've had in recent years. Def recommend getting those1

Customer service was superb. Only wish the curry choices and quality were a bit better.
Excellent food. Loved the tava fish and chicken karahi.
I love this place because it's relatively cheap, especially with the groupon, and I love buffets. ($10 lunch buffet, plus half-off w/ groupon). I just wish there were a little more vegan variety. All of the vegan food kind of just compliments the naan bread instead of being awesome by itself. But to be fair I think that's how most Indian dishes are supposed to be. Still really delicious.

However, I was never fond of their lunch desserts. They're either kind of weird or boring or both. 

Also, I'm not sure if this was an isolated incident, but the last time I went (1/15/14) the saag (spinach & mustard greens curry) was WAY, WAY too salty. I actually love salty food and most green things, but that had to be a mistake. Hopefully it was just a fluke.

Despite my complaints, I strongly recommend this place for vegans and meat-eaters alike. This place is always tasty, and I leave completely stuffed every time.
India masala on E flamingo rd went here with friends for Dinner .
Excellent customer service .Great Indian food ..
Must eat : Tamarind rice and Bisi bele bath form rice dishes.
Gobi manchurian is a must try!!
Be careful when u order the quantity they serve is more
We went back to hotel room with lots of togo boxes and the bill was in $$$(three digit figure).

No real complaints!!
I have been to India masala on S las vegas Blvd too but that one is definitely not good  to try!!
Very good!!  

I was looking for something off of the strip and find myself very pleased. 

It was pretty quiet at 8:30 pm. 
The staff was extremely polite and attentive and the food was great. 

I had shrimp tikka masala along with the variety of nan. I'm happy I listened to the waitress when she told me 10 was "I'm on fire hot". 7 was spicy but not too over the top for me.  
If you like garlic nan you'll be happy if you order it here.
As soon as we reached vegas we were in search of some comfort, authentic food. While we were browsing this on yelp we stumbled upon india masala bar and grill. As weird as it may seem they had one of the excellent rasam ( A soup) i've ever tasted. Dinner was as well a buffet spread with neat array of items ranging from south indian to north indian. Surprisingly the sambhar,rasam,pakoras were mind blowing and mango lassi was nothing short of stupendous. Garlic naan was so soft and flavourful.

The front desk staff was very cheerful and attentive. The buffet price was pretty kind on the wallet too. I believe if you take some buffet food to-go its a couple of dollars cheaper, but i've no idea what you may be able to fit in a box in their wide selection of delicacies.
So this review isn't necessarily about the food. The food is fine, good enough comfort food with an adequate selection. This is more about the service. I used to frequent this place at lunchtime because it's decently priced, $9.99 on weekdays, $10.99 on weekends. On top of that, I'm a student so I sometimes get two for one discount coupons which is nice because I definitely live on a student budget. Let me just say that this pricing is VERY loose. It didn't take me long to realize that the price is RARELY $9.99, it's almost always $10.99 for one reason or another. For example...the restaurant is very busy, it's a "holiday" of some sort, or my personal favorite, "the manager told me to raise the price today" HAHAHA goodness. Ok then. We actually made a game of guessing what ridiculous reason we were going to be given for higher prices. Because of course 2pm on a Tuesday merits an increase in prices, right?

I had a few coupons for buy one get one free, any day of the week, between the hours of 11 and 3. Well of course that's too simple, it wasn't until after we finished eating that the...server? hostess? someone who appeared to work there? pointed to a tiny yellow sign stuck to the counter that said "no coupons on weekends" and she then proceeded to giggle and say sorry and mutter something about...well managers said so. I'd had it, I was done. It's just a joke of a restaurant, and having nonexistent service from start to finish, watching employees hang out on their phones and read the newspaper at the bar, no thank you. I work in a restaurant, and let me tell you, I wish my job was that easy. Thankfully, not all is lost. Delhi opened right down the street, their food is always fresh and flavorful and the staff is FANTASTIC! They remembered us after our second visit and are always so excited to see us and welcome us. On top of that, their lunch buffet is $9.99 every day, no exceptions. Heck, I'd gladly give them $12.99 and I really could care less about coupons, I want to see them do well:):) Such a better choice than India Masala!!!
The Saag was ok, but lacking the strong layering of flavor that I expect in this dish. Also, the chunks of garlic were all different sizes. (Some were about 2 inches!) The chopping is so sporadic, and obviously rushed. The chicken Tikka Masala was SUPER greasy! Waaaay too much Ghee, or maybe even oil. The chicken in the Tikka Masala was grainy and powdery, and there was so little of it. Odd.

We ordered from EAT24, where it said that they're delivery fee was free. Then when we checked out, our receipt said it was a $5 charge. They said that India Masala charges $5 for delivering "Far away". We are literally 3 blocks from them, and THAT is considered far? What's close? If you live in the same strip mall as the restaurant? Our order took an hour and 15 minutes to arrive. We will not be ordering from them again.
New Disclaimer: I get extremely cranky when my blood sugar drops. 

So, I did go back, to the lunch buffet. Based on the buffet alone, I think I would like to go for dinner at some point. I thought the food was exceptionally good, not just "for a buffet", but in general.

I did the lunch buffet for takeout. They are generous with the containers (and separately packaged naan), so I was able to try pretty much some of everything (and lots of some things!). 

The selection is small, but the bases were fairly covered. I knew going in that I wouldn't find samosas, but I still missed them. There also wasn't any pakora, and a few other standard items I was surprised not to see. Still, what they do have is solid. The tandoori chicken was basic, but well-prepared and moist. The chicken tikka masala was exceptionally good, as was the fish curry they had. 

To the best of my knowledge (and please, feel free to message me if I'm wrong), India Masala is the only spot offering a takeout option for their buffet. As you might know from my earlier review, my time is extremely limited on weekday afternoons. It's good to know that I could pop in, fill a few containers, pay, and be on my way in a few minutes with enough delicious food for both lunch and dinner.
I love the food at this restaurant. We have normally been to the other branch of it which is in Riviera but we thought of checking this one out. I'm not a buffet person and prefer ordering for ourself separately. We tried the chhole masala which came out beautifully good n great level of spice, which I certainly liked ;) other stuff like the chicken curry n aaloo tikki chaat and the complimentary lassi which we got from our check in made our dinner even more special. Next time we tried andhra masala dosa and indian and esp dosa was great and to add, the chutney's were probably the tastiest i'vs ever had in Vegas. We even got the 15 for 20 deal which added to our pleasure. :) A must go place for all indian food lovers.
never going to this place again :-/my niece husband & myself were seated right away , made us the 2nd set of customer in the restaurant . waiter asked if we wanted anythng to drink and all 3 of us told him we all just wanted water & waiter didn't look like he wanted to that & asked us back " just water ? " ... waiter leaves & came back & poured us water . aftr a couple of mins , waiter comes back & asked if we were ready to order ,  my husband was ready to place his order & my niece who just had late lunch fr work was not goin to order anythng  & I wasn't ready to place mine.  Neithr any of us  three on our table really hv been to an Indian restaurant , took me slightly longer to place my order than my husband , then told waiter I wasn't ready , after a couple of mins , waiter comes back & I asked if the dish I was looking getting can b made not spicy waiter right away said " no " . ok .. it's an Indian restaurant they'r known for their spices so then I asked which vegetable dish did not come " creamed " . waiter mentioned about three . I picked mixed vegetables & my husband then places his order too . soon as we placed our 2 choices , waiter leaves our table then aftr bout a min comes back & said no mixed vegetables ... OMG for an Indian restaurant who's menu s almost vegetarian ... no mixed vegetables ??! I then Change my order which comes w/ nan bread ... waiter asked if bread w/ butter or plain ? I said butter on the side waiter stops writing & said that they didn't 
 do butter on the  side & looked like my request was too difficult .. he said I can just give u plain bread , I said ok just bring me some butter . waiter said he's been there a year & hv not heard such , I asked waiter to ask their kitchen & he tells me they'r busy ... there was only three tables now that occupied out if I'd say @ least 12 tables .. they hv the bread , now it's a matter of having butter or not if their nan bread came eithr plain or already buttered  , & he could hv said they didn't hv butter which would b nxt to not since butter s almost in evry pantry/ fridge . but instead waiter was saying they hv not served plain nan bread w/ butter on the side !! at the end my simple request of nan bread butter on the side aftr so long of a conversation w/ the waiter gets on our table along w/ 2 other things we ordered & we also ordered plain rice which didn't get to our table aftr we wer almost done since our waiter forgot we ordered rice & only found out aftr checking hw we wer doin as we wer getting almost done
Their Chicken65 is bomb!! I absolutely love it there. As a foodie, this is by far one of my favorite indian restaurant in Vegas. 

Also try the Briyani, it is infused with amazing flavors.
Flavorful yet something was bit off. Couldn't quite put my finger on it but some things were just too spicy too greasy and too empty in the pan. Waited but they wouldn't fill it. They had lots of selections so I really didn't have to try everything. I liked most of the dishes I tried. The waitress was nice but hostess had bit of an attitude. Oh well. I don't maybe I was sensitive on this day.
Decent food but very very expensive. Try the south Indian food - very good stuff, avoid dosa.
I came here for the lunch buffet on a weekday. The food and customer service were both decent, but I'm giving them one star for the management's ridiculous antics.

I had a coupon for a free buffet which I'm guessing they tried to compensate for by tacking on 18% gratuity to a party of five. Is that even legal?! There were no signs on the menu or by the cash register to justify this. The host didn't bother to tell me that gratuity was added to my total, and the receipt wasn't itemized. My receipt only listed a "pre-tip total" when they had in fact already added gratuity to that price. I had to ask why the total was so high, and that's how I found how that I was already charged gratuity. They're just trying to gyp their customers. No thanks.
I was totally disappointed with this restaurant. Food tasted horrible and there were not many options. The staff also did not respond well when we told them the food was not hot enough. Overall, I wouldn't visit this place again.
I tried the lunch buffet and I was not the least disappointed. The food was delicious and the waiters were very attentive. The buffet offers about eight different dishes, which may seem like a small selection, but the quality of the dishes leaves you more than satisfied. I have been to buffets with a greater selection of dishes, but the chicken and vegetables are not as fresh and I end up with a stomach ache. The complimentary naan bread alone is worth the visit. The restaurant itself, the food, and the price are right. A must go to restaurant.
Always love a good Indian buffet, and they deliver that here. Fresh, tasty, could be a little spicier, and I know it's hit or miss with other Indian buffets, but samosas would be a nice addition. Otherwise it was a good experience, and would certainly go back again.
We had a very tasty meal here tonight. The mango lassi had full mango flavor! Yummy! The chapati and sauces were the best I have had, and yes I have eaten Indian food before  many times although not in India, but in London. 

We ordered chicken tikka dosa, goat curry, basmati rice, and naan. It was our first time having a dosa, not sure that we have seen this on a menu before, but we are glad that we tried it! If you have never had one and you like crepes, this is a must have! Of course, the sauces that went with it were just delightful, bursting with flavor in every bite. The curry was also very flavorful and so was the wonderful naan. We order the rice so the goat curry had something to sit on.

For two of us, we had way too much food but managed to eat most of it. 

Service was very attentive and pleasant. Wonderful experience and great food.
A restaurant can be judged by it's chutneys.. This statement holds very true for india masala..! Loved the food. Highly recommend aloo paratha, fish curry and yellow dal.. Dosa was fresh and delicious as well..
Had their buffet during a recent trip to Vegas and came back extremely dissatisfied.  Will not go back there again.  The selection was small.   The food did not taste good.  Their rasam was over the top spicy (I eat super spicy but this was insane!) and was floating in oil.  The owner/host told me that he had never tasted rasam before and thought that the base of the rasam was oil...LOL!!  They need to get a new chef who really knows how to cook Indian food.
Mini dosa was good, but the only chutney they had was made of tomato and was tasteless (seriously how can anyone ruin tomato chutney!!).  They charge $9.99 for their buffet..such a waste of money!!   You pay just a couple bucks more and you get excellent and super tasty food at Mint.
I dont know when they opened, but we were driving through and it said now open. Having been to Swagat many times ( still love swagat)  this was a welcome change and just a new place to try some desi food. Really really good! Very happy for having stopped by with a friend for lunch. Very affordable and hot yummy food, and the quantity was more than enough we were quite stuffed and content.  The food in itself is yummy we ordered the vegi thali and it came with four big naans, a side of rice and three veggies plus kheer and raita. We also had an option of  either soup or salad to start off with. This is one place I will be stopping by often. Ambience is nice and staff is very friendly :) , was a pleasure to dine here and I will definitely be back for more and be sure to recommend this  place to  friends.
This was one of the best indina restaurants I have ever been too. My girlfriend recommended the place after her coworker visited the restaurant for lunch. The food was was very flavorful and the service was very welcoming. I couldn't stop stuffing my face with the delicious food.
The chicken tikka masala is a great favorite.  My two kids (ages 4 and 7) eat it like it's ice cream. 
The restaurant was hopping...a great new Indian restaurant on the west side.
Great Indian?  My favorite part of this restaurant is their lunch menu (they don't do buffets) it is so affordable, so you can take multiple items home to try!  For under $30, my hubby and I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, Shrimp Vindaloo, Lamb Biryani (rice dish), garlic naan, plan naan, and extra raita.  All meals come with their cumin toasted basmati rice!  We have enough for at least another meal and half!  I am so excited they opened.  Haven't ate in yet, dinning room looks nice and staff is always wonderful during counter service.
Embarrassed to say I am new to Indian Cuisine :)  That being said the waitstaff here was incredible in helping me decide by making accurate comparisons. The flavors keep your mind guessing and your palette interested. They get an A+ from me on portions, affordability, knowledgeable waitstaff and flavor. I'm HOOKED!!!
I stopped at Dhaba for the first time this week.  On the good side, the restaurant looks very good and the staff is courteous and efficient.  Also, our naan bread was delicious.  On the bad side, the very bad side, the lamb vindaloo was inedible.  It appeared to be canned tomato soup, slightly spiced and heated with some lamb dropped in.  Terrible!  The chicken tikka masala was barely passable.  I think the sauce also came from a jar, at least it tasted like it.  

I cannot recommend this restaurant for anything other than naan.  If you want Indian, any other Indian restaurant in town would be better.
Indian food is one of my absolute favorite cuisines for its flavor, spice, and creativitiy, but the price of it versus my grad student budget makes it a special treat only. After seeing Dhaba's affordable lunch menu online, I had to try this place out. I'm incredibly happy I did.

Surprisingly quiet for noon on a Saturday, but it just meant that my food came to me faster. The $6.95 lamb curry with basmati rice was savory and delicious. Medium spicy was definitely medium, so as a spice enthusiast, I'm getting hot next time. For the price, I certainly didn't expect a choice of soup or salad with my entree, but ta-da! I chose the lentil soup. While it was a very small portion, it was really good, with carrots, vegetables, and lentils in a light broth. 

The strawberry lassi arrived with whipped cream and a cherry on top, like a strawberry shake, but one sip revealed a great blend of strawberry with a yogurt tang. It went really well with my meal.

Last but not least, the naan. Garlic naan. It's my weakness, and this is some of the best I've had. $2.95 got me a basket full of hot naan crammed full of chopped garlic, cilantro, and ghee, and it was wonderful.

So for $13, I got a meat curry, soup, lassi, and naan. There are Indian restaurants that would charge me that for the entree alone, and the quality of the food was the same, if not better. Dhaba is definitely worth a visit.
My husband and I were in Middleton in September for the Midwest Tandem Rally and happened in for dinner after a day of riding. We were absolutely delighted with the food and service. We were told they had just opened that week and sure enough, I couldn't find any place to give them the glowing review they deserved. Fast forward to November and we went back for a weekend "get away" from the Twin Cities and had dinner again here at Dhaba.  Still one of the best meals we've had out and a real bargain too. I actually signed up for Yelp just to give this restaurant a review.
Excellent food, best Indian in Madison that I've had
Nice place
great service
awesome prices
Dhaba Indian Bistro is so good. I've only ordered take-out so far, but the dining room looks nice.  I love all their choices of naan, the Samosas and their many vegetarian choices.  I'm able to spend about $13 and stretch it to two or three meals!  They let you choose how spicy you want curry dishes, which is nice.  Flavors are vibrant and so good... I might have to order from them for supper tonight just thinking about it!  Definitely worth a try.
A lovely oasis of elegant, yet personal, table service in a mecca of fast food lunch joints and chain restaurants by Greenway Plaza.

Extensive menu selection, delicate spicing, refined presentation--all served by waitstaff who clearly know their menu and are enthusiastic about it. Attentive service , yet unobtrusive--no " hi, I'm Patel, your new best friend " business--just genuine care and grace about your experience.

All dishes are served promptly (no worries, office park crowd)--in lovely crockery and china, with starched cloth napkins and substantial silverware--no sporks here--creating an atmosphere of grace and relaxation--even during a busy lunch hour. 
Quiet enough to hold a conversation without employing lipreading skills--another plus.

(No typical Indian buffet scene to ensure you'll get the flu bug either.)

Dhaba also offers take out menu to consider for dinner when commuting home. 

Best basmati rice in town--all very reasonably priced.
So glad we found a good Indian restaurant in our area! Woo hoo! We order the fish masala (medium spicy) and the chole with garlic naan and it is soooo delicious. The prices are reasonable and the food is so flavorful! Also they are very quick when we call to order takeout so we have been very pleased.
For all the people stating that this is the best Indian food in Madison, I can only assume that they have not ever been to Maharaja. Or Swagat. Maharaja is the best Indian restaurant in Madison, and we have been going there for years. But to keep an open mind, we have tried Dhaba twice in the past month. 

First of all, the place itself is nicely decorated, and the service is excellent. The waitstaff are polite and attentive, and there are plenty of them. But the food is just not that good (other than the Naan). 

Every entree comes with either soup or salad. We have gotten their lentil soup both times, which is buttery, thin, and tastes very little like lentils. However, it's not bad, just not very interesting or lentil-y.

For main courses, we have had the Chicken Shahikorma and the Chicken Tikka Masala, as well as the Spinach (ie Palak) Paneer (a combo of spinach and farmer's cheese-like cubes) and Spinach Aloo (spinach with potatoes). 

The first time we tried the Chicken Shahikorma, I was suspicious that the base of it was actually canned tomato soup with a few spices added. Seriously. It was a very thin sauce, with cut up chunks of nicely cooked chicken breast in it. But the sauce was not like any shahikorma I've ever had, and it was not interesting. The second time we came we had the Chicken Tikka Masala, and strangely enough, it had the exact same sauce as the shahikorma. The two dishes should not, repeat not, have the same sauce. And the Chicken Tikka should have been made with chicken cooked in the Tandoor oven, but there was no evidence that it had been. We felt a little ripped off that the two dishes use the same sauce. They should not. 

The spinach dishes were ok, except the potatoes in the Spinach Aloo were undercooked - as in crunchy. I didn't eat them. 

The Naan is great, I admit. But the rest just is not that good. Seriously, if folks want really good Indian, go to Maharaja and get the Chicken Shahikorma or Tikka there.
We decided to try it because of the good reviews it's been receiving and we were VERY impressed! I don't pretend to be an expert on Indian food, but this is the best I've ever had. I used to go to Swagat (which is also good), and there were a few Indian places I frequented when I lived in Denver, but this blew them away,

The Garlic Naan bread is a MUST, we're still craving it today. I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala on a recommendation and it was awesome and my wife ordered the Beef Mushroom which was also excellent. We ordered take-out and the food was ready very quickly and it's also very reasonably priced. Plus, they give you a 10% discount if you pay in cash.

We have a 1 year old and are always looking for good take-out options, Dhaba might have just jumped to the top of the list!
Let me start by saying I'm Indian and a bratty SNOB when it comes to Indian food. My family is Punjabi like the family that owns the restaurant, so I very much appreciated the mostly North Indian menu. 

Food: YUM! We have the Non-Veg appetizer platter (SO GOOD! Keema Samosa was one of the best I've had). We ordered malai kofta, chicken tikka masala with garlic and chicken naan. We later got some Saag (spinach dish) and kheer. 

Naan - We ended up trying garlic, chicken and plain naan. All kind were great! 

Malai Kofta - Best I've had in Madison. I've tried a few other places and they just don't hit the spot the way this one did. 

Chicken Tikka Masala - It's the only chicken dish I think is ever worth ordering at an Indian restaurant. This dish was literally designed for Indian restaurants, it's not authentic to India rather Great Britain.  So I don't bother with anything else. Dhaba's was reallllllly good!

Saag - My mom licked the bowl she was so in love with it. 

Kheer -  I'm not someone who usually likes kheer but we had some at the end and I stole my mom's because it was just the perfect balance of sweet and creamy. 

We ordered at a spice level 3 and found it perfect. I'm not someone that loves spicy food (ie. Hyderabi, Goan, Pakistani food.. I can't handle you) However, I do like some heat, so the 3 was honestly just perfect for my mom, sister and myself. My mom was even having a little bit of a hardtime handling that, but she's been cooking without much spice for the past year. 

Restaurant Decor: I really like how they've decorated it and appreciated the folk artwork and punjabi music playing in the background. Totally like a real 'Dhaba' (dhaba's are the Indian version of fast food joints... you pull over on the side of the road to a usually sheltered/tented area.. at least in Punjab & enjoy the whatever deep friend/sloppy delicacy you are offered... usually some sort of comfort food. Back to the review).

Overall this place is awesome! I'm totally planning to cater for one of my wedding events from them! 

P.S. If you like Taste of India on Monroe street or Brookfield/Fox Valley, the owners family runs those locations as well. 

TWO THUMBS UP!
This place is an amazing find.  Only one issue is that it is not open Monday.  Great food, staff is fantastic and friendly.
Came for lunch on a weekday. It was pretty busy, but the service was still quite good. The  menu is quite large, with lots of great curry options. Chicken Madras was excellent, but the cheese naan wasn't great.
This is probably the best Indian restaurant I've been to, i would definitely recommend it.  I got the Chicken Tikka Masala and it was delicious. Affordable prices and good service as well. They were very helpful for explaining what a lot of the food on the menu was.
I have had nothing but amazing food and fabulous service here. My favorites include the Tandori Mixed Grill, Chicken Madras, and Chicken Tika Masala. Be sure to try the peshwari naan-a sweet kick to the traditional naan. You will quickly become a regular. :)
On a recent search for a great local indian restaurant we discovered two within a mile of our house...both are great but this one is our new favorite!  Easy to miss from the street, it's worth the search to find.  We have been back twice and service has always been prompt and personable.  The food is equally fantastic!  My husband is a huge fan of their tandori chicken and myself love their mango chicken and chicken tikka masala.  The "dinner for two" is a great deal and a fun way to try a few entrees too.  The naan was also great as well as their lentil soup.  We are looking forward to going back!
Absolutely the best and most authentic north Indian (Mughalai, Tandoori) food I have EVER eaten! This is a great place, run by folks who seem to have been in the restaurant business for some time. More then anything else, the owners are involved in the kitchen, and that shows in the quality of preparations and serving.

Highly recommend this place to anyone looking for good north Indian cuisine!
Beautiful afternoon sitting outdoors at Dhaba. The lunch specials sounded so good that I had a chicken lunch special and my wife had the vegetarian. Both were made to medium spiciness and were served promptly. Cold Indian Kingfisher beer went well with both. AAA+ service. We sat outside and enjoyed the day.
What a disappointment! The lunch menu is cheaper because they mix in stale food. Don't be surprised if you discover stale pieces of meat in your curry, dry, leftover rice or undercooked bread and appetizers. Guess thats why its more affordable than the dinner menu. To be fair we have found the food to be surprisingly good at other times. Kid friendly too. But its a hit or miss. Depends on the day and what you order. The quality  of the food is terribly inconsistent. Ice creams are ok, other desserts not so much. I was born in New York and I've been to authentic Indian restaurants so this doesn't come close. The asian lady at the reception is cold and stand offish. Everyone else is warm and if not for the occasionally well made dishes, I doubt I would go back.
Amazing service and turn-around time for orders! Very pleasant staff and the food is incredible! A gem in Madison!
I ordered from this restaurant like three weeks ago through the grubhub delivery service, for my boyfriend I ordered the chicken shahi korma and it was decent, he did not like it too much and for me I ordered the paneer Masala which supposedly comes with cottage cheese, onions, tomatoes, raisins and cashews ( they call it a royal delight) and all I got was "a royal fiasco"! It was a container with a red liquid (which I imagined it was a can or two of tomato paste with 5-6 cubes of cottage cheese, I couldn't believe it! Not even one raisin or cashew or anything similar to a veggie or nut, I spent $13 for that! As you can imagine, I will never ordered from that place again. The Maharaja restaurant it is expensive also but they really do have nice flavorful dishes with veggies on them!
All potential for disappointment gets checked at the door and never makes it inside. The friendly owners, portion-to-price ratio and succulent entrees make this place 5-star awesome, a must for anyone who enjoys Indian food. This time while I waited, the owner told me all about Uttarayan, one of India's many major festivals. 

I brought home the chicken tikka masala (wife's favorite) and the chicken vindaloo, along with the veggie appetizer sampler. The samosas are a personal fav and I get those every time, if for no other reason than the sampler of sauces they serve with them. Nirvana for me would mean being dipped in those sauces. Please don't eat me though. The pakoras (fried veggies in a hummus batter) are also perfectly dippable and probably taste slightly better than I do.  

For entrees, I ordered the masala mild, but would step that up a notch next time. The vindaloo was medium-plus spicy and perfect -- just spicy enough to make my forehead sweat but not so spicy as to dominate the flavor. The chicken in both entrees was tender white meat, expertly cooked. 

Eat here. You won't regret it.
I just died and went to Indian food heaven. Seriously though, if I were on death row (that would suck but...)this would come a very close second to my family's homemade Cincinnati chili. In the US it's very difficult to find the quality of Indian food you will find in the UK.  Yes, the UK where I believe Chicken Tikka Masala is going to be declared the national dish over fish and chips! You cannot turn a corner without smelling the Indian food bliss slap you in the face. AND finally! I have found an Indian restaurant that has met their match in the US of 'Merica! Dhaba Indian Bistro is ah-mazing! So what was for dinner you ask? Lobster Madras with Garlic Naan. No, Lobster Madras (a little spicier and more flavorful in my mouth) was not on the menu.....but they made it. No questions asked. I knew the Vindaloo was too spicy and the Masala too weak for my buds so...they just smiled and brought out a beautiful dish full of those Indian flavors I have missed so much. Too bad they're not in my hometown; I'd be there once a week...minimum.
I think I could eat here every day and not get bored.
The staff is informative and helpful. The samosas are brought with a sampler of sauces, each one is fantastic. It is mouth watering good! The garlic naan is very tasty.
My husband's co-worker ate here everyday for 3 months while she was here for business. I can see why, the items on the menu are delicious. 
This place is a MUST for anyone wanting to experience the best Indian food in town!
The food is really high quality and tastes great. On the weekend, you can get a vegetarian thali for $7.95. That gets you.soup, three different vegetable dishes, several pieces of naan, delicious rice, desert.
Now, this is not your buffet variety food, the thali is freshly cooked, and you can tell. The spices and flavors are sublime. You are offered mild, medium or hot, as desired.
So, instead of feeling like you have to get your money's worth at a $11.95 buffet, try this place out.
If you pay cash, they give you a 5% discount.
Came recommended by a friend. The staff was very attentive, and the food was delicious.
This was my first time I've had Indian food, so I was skeptical... But this place was so good, I took my boyfriend. He also loved it!  My favorite items on the menu are the garlic naan and chicken Curry #5
I am not a huge fan of Indian buffet since the quality tends to suffer at buffets. This one is a welcome change. we usually do carry outs on weekend. Paneer masala is very good. Their breads are extremely tasty and fresh. Each bread had two big pieces so two people can share. There's a good variety of breads available spinach, aloo, garlic etc. Would definitely recommend this place.
I would say this is a 4.5 than 5.  

Dhaba calls itself an Indian Bistro, and it works for the most part. It serves a choice of salad or soup (dal) with every meal. They have sort of a modern feel. It works. 

Dhabha in terms of menu items offers nothing special compare to Maharaja, Mahrani, Taj and Swagat. Minerva does offer a different menu. They just do it MUCH better. 

Also they don't offer the lunch buffet but rather a lunch menu which is also a welcome change! Lunch buffets just don't have the quality or freshness, plus you cannot cater the spicyness. 

Finally, a thing I love is their Thali offerings on weekends. Meat or Vegetarian. I do wish they would let you mix and match the thali with the offered meat and vege dishes, I would be willing to pay a dollar more for it. I am not a vegetarian but enjoy vege food and meat dishes :P

My recommendations:
- Their Breads ( I don't know why but theirs is far superior to the competition- true tandoori flavor)
- Chicken Chilli
- Lamb Samosa
- Spinach and Chickpeas.
Arrived at 2:30 with my wife 30 mins before they close for the afternoon and we were refused service. Perhaps the food is good.  I'll likely not try again.
My wife and I went for lunch. The food was very good. Traditional Indian fare, done well. Food was hot. Service was attentive and unobtrusive. We'll go again.
Unexpected delicious lunch at a place I never heard of. I had this incredible platter (thali) of fabulous vegetarian dishes. Every dish was distinct and robust. The platter included rice, Chana Masala, vegetable korma and palak paneer. All was accompanied by a flaky naan and Gajar Halwah for dessert. I need to bring my Pakistani boyfriend aka significant other, partner, boy toy, or whatever you call your guy at age 60, the next time I come. I would be interested in his take.
I plan to take home significant leftovers so he can try them tomorrow.
We tried this for lunch on a Saturday. We were the first people to arrive for lunch a little after 11 AM. The server didn't mention the specials...we saw them on the way out. We ordered appetizers that appeared to be reheated a bit, they were not hot or very warm at all. The soup was brought out while we were eating our appetizers, shortly afterward the entrees were brought out while we were still eating our appetizers. The lamb masala had good flavor for left overs. The same for my wife's vegetable vindaloo. Naan is an extra charge, soup  is included. All in all, clueless service as far as normal meal service goes (but polite). Reheated food passed off as made to order. For  a $31 lunch I would rather check out a buffet for $10 less for two people.
We are always looking for a good Indian restaurant; Dhaba is okay, but I'm not sure we'd make a special trip to go there again.

We began with samosas this is maybe my favorite appetizer, snack there is. Theirs, however, was not up to par at all. First, they came out way too soon, which means they were made previously and reheated (we were there for an early dinner as we did not have lunch). They were on the greasy side, but the worst part was the taste. They had no spice whatsoever. I've had samosas just about in every major city in the country that has a population of people from southeast Asia--and I expected some spice. They were so bland, it was like eating mash potatoes in a pastry (and very little texture as well). I do want to say that when we sent the back, they were taken off of our bill.

The rest of the meal fared better; my husband and I shared an order of Chicken Tikka Masala, which was flavorful. We also shared the Vegetable Mix Curry, which also was good. The nan was a tad on the greasy side and cooled off very quickly, becoming a cracker. 

I think we're still looking for that amazing Indian restaurant...
This Indian food is great, consistent, and delicious. Jump in and start eating!

When Dhaba opened in Middleton, it became our weekly take-out option. I've never actually been to the restaurant as my co-worker always makes the pickup. 

Over the last six months we have rated each dish to our preferences. Here is our list of the best tasting meals that we've had. Sadly, we have not yet eaten our way through the whole menu. As long as Dhaba makes food, we'll continue eating our way through the menu. We've gone heavy on the lamb and vegetarian dishes and skipped most of the chicken and beef. That said, here is our list of favorite dishes. All dishes with an asterisk are my personal favs*. 

Apps
====
Lamb samosa*
Mixed vegetarian platter

Bread
====
Onion and pepper Kulcha*
Garlic Naan
Spinach Naan

Biryani Rice
=========
Lamb Biryani

Lamb Curries
===========
Lamb Vegetable*
Lamb Masala

Chicken Curries
=====
Chicken Tikka Masala

Vegetables
===========
Dal Makhni*
Baingan Bhartha*
Paneer Masala
Matter Paneer
Malai Kofta

Try Dhaba and enjoy them for yourself.
The Girlfriend and I tried the vegetarian dinner for two.  I don't know what was in it, but it was great.  The waiter was friendly and didn't laugh at us when we were confused on what to get.

-Signed that guy.
This Place is so close to my office that it was inevitable to try. so glad i did, the best, most flavorful dishes are served here. the cheese naan, although not too traditional-Indian, is the best I've ever had. their chicken Masala is also incredible. The price is right for on the go lunches with generous portions. a bit overpriced for dinner with same menu/portions as lunch, and that's why they get 4 stars!
Another delicious meal, this time with Tariq by my side. He really enjoyed his food but will never stop measuring the food against the incredible delights at Anmol in Milwaukee. That said, Dhaba did just fine. 
We were both over-hungry after spending a couple hours at Shoe Box. We had the Allo Tikki Chat to start. Chana Masala and a yummy potato mash together with some sauce. For entrees we had Lamb Bhartha and Paneer Masala. There was loads of tender lamb in a wonderful sauce. The paneer are squares of homemade cheese in a creamy masala sauce. Both were perfectly seasoned to the medium spicy we requested. We also had the naan that was soft and tasty.
Tariq had chai which was excellent, not too sweet and I had a Mud Puppy, dark beer. The beer was a good compliment to the spicy food. 
The service was excellent. I would have liked a little time to finish my appetizer before the entree arrived. Final bill $47 with a full meal of leftovers to go. 10% discount for cash.
We shall return. Get the to the Dhaba. No excuse not to.
The food was delicious and well complemented by a wonderful atmosphere and service! The chi, nan, and biryani were to die for.
The food was great. Unfortunately due to a chef error they put mushrooms,which I'm allergic too, when we requested none. They apologized and gave the meal for free, but I'd recommend being careful still. Their chai was good, but I still miss the taste of jaggery.
Although there are several good Indian restaurants in Madison, there are few to none where I actually want to sit down and enjoy a meal.  So I do take out.

Dhaba is the exception with its wide open windows and floor plan, and overall pleasing ambience.  Plus the food was excellent.

The veg samosa was perfectly cooked, and even reheated beautifully in the oven the next evening.  The crust is the tough part with samosas.  These were flaky with no toughness.

The lamb vindaloo was certainly lively, but not too spicy.  (I ordered it medium hot and it came that way--sort of 7 out of 10 on the heat scale.)  The lamb was sufficiently tender which is the first thing I look for in an Indian lamb dish.  I thought the sauce was a bit one-dimensional, but still satisfying.  Could use a side of raita.

The baingan bharta was the best I've had yet.  It had that beautiful mashed consistency with plenty of zing from the garlic, ginger and eggplant.

The chicken spinach dish featured plenty of skinless chicken thigh, almost too much in that I really love that curried Indian spinach sauce with just about anything.  So the chicken kind of dominated the dish.

I ordered ginger naan which was sprinkled with cilantro and was both tasty and useful for sopping up the delicious sauces.

Caution: Yelp had this place listed with a full bar, now corrected, which was wrong.  WIne and beer only.

We will be back when in that part of town.  The ambience and table settings are comfortable.  I won't have my sights set on a Beefeater martini now that I know.  I look forward to exploring more facets of Dhaba's reliable cuisine.
This weekend we ventured out to an Indian restaurant that has received lots of love from Yelpers. Though a little bit far from where we live, it was worth a trip. Coming at 1145, the restaurant only had some customers inside. I love the ambience and the decoration. Pretty, neat and clean. When we walked to our table, my eyes are set to the announcement on the wall that says: ' if you pay in cash, you'll have a 5%off for lunch and a 10 % off for dinner. Fair enough.
Once we were seated, the waiter came right away and brought the menu. Four of us chose one different dish so we could try four different meals. We had quite a variety of meals: naan garlic, fish vandaloo, chicken curry, shrimp curry, lamb biryani as the main courses. Samosa and lentil soup for appetizers. For the drinks, we had mango lassie and chai. Was a good experience! The price is reasonable too! We'll be back!
Food: We ordered the Lamb Vindaloo and Paneer Masala. The waiter asked us on a scale from 1-5 how spicy we wanted it. We both said 4. The Paneer Masala had a little bit of heat but the Lamb Vindaloo was not spicy at all. I thought Vindaloo was inherently spicy?

Service: was poor. It was 8pm on a Friday night. There were a few parties waiting to be seated, but the host did not bother keeping track of who was there first. After being seated, we waited for 10 minutes before someone came to our table to get us water and take our orders. The food took about 45 minutes to an hour to arrive. The waiter did not come by at all after taking our order or dropping off our food. Finally, it was just as difficult finding someone to bring us our check. We get it. You're super popular and busy on a Friday. Work on your customer service. Either hire more staff so each table can get the attention it deserves or train your staff better.

Dhaba is out of the way for me and I probably will not return. There are other restaurants with better service that are closer to me.
This walking distance from hotel Hilton Garden which was nice. I wanted to try out authentic Indian food.  This place was good, atmosphere quiet, nice and ok to eat by yourself. Service was also good. Now the food - too many choices but I ended up getting chicken Marsala with bread with mixed ginger and yogurt. Very good just wanted it to be more spicy.
My boyfriend introduced me to Dhaba Indian Bistro a few months back and I have been a fan ever since. I have yet to have a bad experience with either the food or service. The staff is very friendly and definitely remember regular customers 

I really enjoy the basmati rice. One thing that I do like about Dhaba over my favorite lunch spot Curry in the Box is that they do not use jasmine rice. While I do like jasmine rice, the basmati rice is a better fit for the curry. Long grain rice blends very well with the thickness of the curry. 

They offer a large variety of curries ranges from types of curry's and spice levels. The work on a 1-5 scale of spiciness, with 5 being the hottest. Let me just say that I have gotten a yellow shrimp curry dish on a 2 scale and it was spicy so be warned. A scale of 1 is your safest bet. My boyfriend who loves spicy food can barely withstand a 3.

They offer quite a bit of curries, shrimp, chicken, beef, lamb, goat, etc. I must admit that I am not the biggest fan of their cheese roti bread. I definitely prefer Curry in the Box roti bread over Dhaba, however, Dhaba's bread is more thicker making it easy to dip the bread into the curry and eat. 


Their prices do go up during dinner. Even though I've only gone during their lunch hours, I was told by a regular that their serving sizes aren't any different from lunch to dinner so keep that in mind. 

It's a nice outing for people who really enjoy Indian food and/or curry. I know for some people, the smell of curry really turns them away from eating at places like such but the restaurant does a great job with "hiding" the smells. Curry can be very overwhelming but the aroma when you dine ad Dhaba is very inviting.

I would give them a 3.5 stars.
My boyfriend and I absolutely love this restaurant! The service is quick and the wait staff is very friendly and professional. Try the garlic nann - it has cilantro. I usually get the chicken tikka masala. You can order the food from mild to spicy on a scale of 1-5.
This was the first place I ever had Indian food. I GREATLY enjoyed the Chicken Tikka Masala. I went back quite a few times because I worked across the street. I've since had other Indian places and I can say this is the best I've had yet. The cheese naan was on point. The service was superb. Very friendly always. They even let us know that they have "off the charts" spicy. The hottest they have would rate maybe a 2 on the Thai spice level. So if you request off the charts they give you some extra spice to add on your own.
Small little place that was very clean and modern. Ordered the lamb vindaloo extra spicy and it wasn't very spicy. Service was a little slow and they only gave us one serving of rice for two dishes. Had to ask for another, but it took a while to get the attention of our server. Food was good, but not spicy like requested and like it says on the menu.
Tried this restaurant on a Wednesday night.

We didn't encounter any of the issues the other reviewers had. Service was fine. Our waitress was attentive, friendly and prompt. There were only a few other diners present (many Indian, so that's a good sign!) Decor is OK. Felt a little 80's to me, but the restaurant is spacious and the backs of the booths are high enough that you can't see over them (a plus.) Bollywood music videos show on a couple of TVs.

Food was a couple dollars more than we're used to spending, but I had the chicken tikka (dry) off the appetizer menu - which was entree sized and my friend had a cauliflower curry (gobi). The vegetable samosas were good and they offered us a variety of chutneys, which were more like sauces than a traditional "chunky" chutney - tomato, mint and coconut (all good). Garlic naan was good, too.

Biggest complaint is the use of plastic dishes. And why there are Chinese food options on the menu is beyond me. Stick to one cuisine.

We both agreed the food we had was good and we'd consider returning here.
This place isn't bad.  I've never dined in, only ordered take-out.  The staff is nice, and the interior is pretty attractive with beautiful flooring and a soothing atmosphere (minus the tv).  Their garlic naan is usually excellent, but the other dishes I've tried (baingan bartha and chole palak) are generally a bit too salty for my tastes.

I've eaten here a handful of times, and the saltiness is consistent.  I might stop here again sometime, but I'll be checking out the other nearby Indian options first.
-Delicious Chicken Tikka Masala
-Nice decor
-Lots of vegetarian options
-Spicy (if you request it)

Went there for the first time with my boss and a group of coworkers from India. We had the lunch buffet and the food was very good. Sadly they didn't have Golab Jamun (the fluffy cheese balls soaked in syrup), neither I saw the free chai most Indian buffets have (I like both because in other Indian buffets I sweeten my (free) chai with Golab Jamun syrup)... Well, Fulla A.'s review says this is food from the Chennai area, maybe chai and Jamun Golab are not from there : (

OK, back to the food, they had interesting and varied options, all of them very tasty, and also had good options for vegetarian dishes (paneer dishes and vegetarian biryani)...

I don't remember the names but I tried almost everything and it was very good. They had like 3 different chicken dishes, 2 soups, salad, and various other items.

And they bring potato dosai to your table.

The hubby and I went there for dinner last night. They only seem to have the buffet for lunch, so we ordered from the regular menu.

We shared Chicken Tikka Masala (it comes with white rice) and garlic naan.
Everything was very good. The chicken tikka was delicious. The sauce was the tastier and creamier we have ever had. I noticed it had like pieces of green herbs... usually the tikka sauce in other places is just orange-like color, this one had dark small pieces.

Service was good as well. Our hostess and server were 2 young girls and they were very polite and stopped by several times.

We will be back even though it is quite a drive.
= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =

Stopped in here today to try the Buffet, joined by Arlin B., Norm R. & Mike C.  This place is really nice inside, especially the bathroom!  No, really!

I started off with "Appetizer".  It was a stuffed orange thing, & sorry, I don't know what was on the outside or inside of it, but it was good.  Then it was on to the two soups, one of which was VERY spicy.  Whoops, I failed to write down the names of them too.

Large plates were provided.  To me that speaks of, "Help yourself to all the food you like," & I appreciated them.  

The Chicken Curry & Tandoori Chicken were good, & especially the Pulav (fancy rice).  There was also Chow Citolo Kootu, a tasty lentils dish, Aloo Mutter (potatoes etc.), & more...  about 15 food items in all, & after a bit we were each treated to a Dosa by our server lady.

The food tends toward the spicy here, so I wouldn't recommend it for most kids, & there were also some negatives for me:

*  The Naan bread was plain & sitting out cold in a serving tray rather than being brought piping hot to the table, & there was no option of garlic flavored, my favorite.

*  The soups & other bowl friendly dishes had to go into little stainless steel cups.  Yes, I've seen them at some other Indian Buffets, but I don't like them!  I like medium sized CHINA bowls because they are emotionally warmer and not so warm (hot!) for your fingers trying to carry them to the table!

*  There were no "treats" to speak of, beyond the Dosas and a dessert that looked like Cream of Wheat (& wasn't).  It tasted ok, but there was no Mango Juice, no Indian Tea and no Gulab Jamun ("monkey balls").     :-)

*  Numerous empty trays occupied serving area.  Perhaps they are used for the $12.99 Buffet on weekends, but they yell "stingy" to the weekday diner, the opposite of what the big plates were trying to say!

SOOOO, all in all, it's 3 Stars from here for this one.  While it's not "bad" really, I think India Palace just a block away is a better choice.     :-)

Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $9.99
I guess it was a good thing that it was rather cold and rainy when I came here for a little buffet lunch UYE with Rand H, Mike C and Arlin B.  I enjoyed the food but be aware that heat level of the most of the food was medium to medium hot - which I like, but might be a bit daunting for some people. I particularly enjoyed the chicken curry, the egg masala and the lentil dish, and found the other dishes to be quite good. The server was very attentive, and the crispy dosas she brought to our table was a nice addition to our meal. At about 10 bucks, the price of the lunch buffet is about the same as most other Indian buffets in the city, but the spacious, sparkly clean setting brings this place a tad above the rest for me.
They really have good south Indian dishes especially Kotthu paratto, spciy chicken garvy. But I would rate the buffet as average in terms if taste and variety. And I love their Biryani. Staffs are really nice.
Chennai Chettinaad Palace is my new favorite Indian restaurant. The lunch buffet is changed up every day. They always have so many delicious dishes to choose from. Be sure to have the dosa.

The food here is just like the food I had when I was in south India. Great place to try things you have never tried before.
My gratitude to Sarabear B.  

The Hopi have blue corn piki, the Southwest giant flour tortillas, Chenai Chettinad Palace has masala dosai.  For me, that giant roll of ultra-thin giant masala crepe/piki/tortilla with a dab of potato dosai was worth the visit.

This is a pleasant, visually inviting place.  The booth for our business conversation tall, quiet and comfortable.  As others mention, service was attentive.

The food was decent.  I cannot name all the dishes in the weekday lunch buffet.  We all ate veggie, finished the meal with the dosai, and were quite satisfied.
Went for lunch on a Monday with very low expectations but was wowed by the ambience and good food. Fantastic.
Tried this restaurant 3-4 times for buffet, luckily all times food was too good. Specially spicy chicken tandoori and dry black paper chicken. Just make sure you go there before 2 PM for lunch buffet else most of the item would have already finished...
They have improved a lot compared to opening week/month. The Dosas are good compared to other Indian Restaurants near by. Now they have Kothu Paratha !!

Service is good and improving a lot.
We went here last night for the first time and had a fantastic dinner. My husband ordered a spicy vegetable soup and we got two orders of chicken tikka masala. He didn't like his soup and said it tasted like spicy water with some spices, so we will try something different next time. The chicken tikka masala was AWESOME, but the rice it came with was pretty bland. Although I felt it was fine when paired with the masala. The garlic butter naan we ordered was seriously amazing! And dipping it in the tikka masala sauce was the best part of the meal. Our server was very sweet and very efficient, however they were definitely understaffed for the amount of people dining. I think she may have been serving most of the tables in the place. So it took a little longer to get everything than it probably should have but it was never so long that it was ridiculous. The restaurant itself is beautiful, very clean and well designed. You would never be able to know such a nice place is hidden in the shopping mall. There was plenty of open parking and it seemed like the place didn't get busy until 8:30ish; definitely a later crowd. Our price for the soup, two dinners, naan and 20% tip was $45; which was very reasonable. We will absolutely be back soon!
Went for buffet - long lines, food very greasy, not good.  Frequently ran out of food.
No more visits here.
Went to Sunday lunch buffet. Buffet opened at noon. 13 USD per person.
The chicken tikka masala and paneer butter masala were flavorful.
The potato was nice too.
The naan was perfectly textured.
Their atmosphere is classy. Service is pleasant.
The water does not taste like tap water and is actually tastes like soft mineral water (not iced).
I think my boo and I were the only non-Indian/Pakistani there lol.
Clean. Fresh. 13 USD for weekend lunch buffet.
I would def go again. I think I found myself a new fav place.
This place is ok ok,
the food is 4/5 but the service is pathetic.
I have been here 4 times and everytime the service is equally bad

If the owner is listening via yelp, please you have a good thing going on but the service is ruining your restaurant.

Please please improve on the service factor.
Try Chinese food here. Very good
Had the Lunch buffet, best Indian I've had on the west side by far. I've had 8 other Indian restaurants, and none of them have come close to being this good. 

First positive sign, everyone in the place was Indian. Second positive sign, all the food was spicy. Had to ask for a Masala Dosa for my daughter so that she could eat.

Delicious. Will be back soon.

There was a TV that was too loud. I really hate having TV on at places, let alone with volume on. Someone asked they turn it down, and they I think didn't understand the English well enough to comply.

Could be an issue going forward.
I took my spouse out for Indian food this evening.  Rather than our usual we wanted to try a new location and Chennai Chettinaad did not disappoint.

We tried a variety meat and vegetarian dishes.

The chicken tikka masala was flavorful and mildly spicy.

My go to "heat" dish, lamb vindaloo, was flavorful with tender chunks of lamb. While I had ordered the maximum spice level what I received was a medium.

We also ordered a vegetarian dosa which was done with the same level of care as the other dishes.

The last dish ordered was biryani. The biryani was a solid good.  I look forward to seeing what it is like with added "heat".

The service at the restaurant was good to very good.

All in all a very charming restaurant whose attention to detail showed in everything from the excellence of the dishes to the decor.
A lot nicer than we thought it would be since the location was a Kyoto Bowl before. The food was great. It was a little too quiet, they didn't have any music playing. Service was nice and the food was tasty and decently priced.
This place is somewhere that I will not return. After seeing reviews here, I thought that going to this restaurant for the lunch buffet was a good idea. However, a good portion of the food was not palatable. 

Dishes that were okay:
- the rice
- chicken biryani (cold but flavorful)
- chicken tikka masala (some of this chicken was very overcooked, but at least palatable)
- naan
- gulab jabun (like a donut hole - delicious)

Dishes that were not decent:
- appetizer (some donut looking thing)
- paneer mutter masala (this is usually one of my favorite dishes, but was disgusting!)
- fish (I don't know why I tried fish at a buffet, but not impressed)
- curry chicken

I thought just the service would be bad, and it was. I was expecting that. Did not get a refill.  This was somewhat expected with the comments on here that I read before choosing this restaurant. I can totally accept poor service if the food tastes good. 

Overall, I paid 14.09 for this meal, and did not even eat a full plate because unfortunately on the two plates I did have, not everything was worthy of being put into my body as it would taste so bad going down. I have been eating Indian food for over 10 years. I love it and this was such a sad food experience. After spending the past summer in Berkeley and thoroughly enjoying all of the fabulous Indian restaurants there, it is so disappointing that it so extremely difficult to find a decent Indian restaurant in the north Valley. The last time I enjoyed Indian food in Phoenix area was when I went to Tempe but that is too long of a journey from where I live now. The struggle to find decent Indian food in the North Valley continues, but I know that I will definitely not be going back to this place.
Stunningly good and authentic Indian food. Just the right spices, well prepared and reasonably priced.
While visiting Scottsdale we realized we needed to get away from there asap. Discovered this place when traveling west. Awesome joint! I thoroughly enjoyed their Gobi Chettinaad Masala & Aloo Mutter. Their Mango Lassi was yummy. Wish I was able to eat more but I was so full! The waiter who I believe was the owner was super friendly.
This place has decent decor for a valley Indian restaurant and very average food. The dosas at Ananda Bhavan or even Karaikudi are way better! The service is quite inadequate and even rude at times. Quite frustrating.
Had a very nice dinner here last night, with great service and lots of delicious food.
We had a couple of dosai, a veggie curry and Lamb Vindaloo which was delicious.
Good prices. It was very quiet there so I hope they survive as they are very close and we will be back.
In Short : 
Tasty, Spicy South Indian Food, but the quality lacks consistency. 
Nice Ambiance. Service was bad before, but it has improved a lot now.

Details :
Lunch Buffets:
Been a patron at this restaurant during my year's stay in Glendale. (2013)
Lunch Buffets on Weekdays has a small but nice menu.I wold recommend their Biryani.
Lunch Buffets on Weekends has lot many options, but Vegetarians may not find the taste so exciting. I would recommend their fish on Weekend buffets.

Dinner (A la Carte) :
All curries are prepared with Southern Spice levels...which means you will sweat if you order moderate or high spice levels. :)
Uttappam and Dosas are well prepared and are served with good cutneys. Mini Idli's do not come soaked in Sambar. ;)
Biryani(s) are tasty but not as good as Bawarchi. (Near Scottsdale).

My Favorite of all is "Schezwan fried rice" with 'Chicken 65'. I would recommend it for all those who crave Ultra Spicy Food. 

Cons :
Many times, the same dish did not taste the same when ordered on different days. (Which means I cannot have a favorite). 
The service at the beginning of 2013 was too bad. (I agree with some other yelpers). At times they even forgot some of my orders. But they have improved towards the end of 2013.
By and far the most authentic and tasty Indian food I have tasted so far in the US. I had come all the way from Albuquerque to try their food and every dish we ordered was very well prepared that I felt that I was back in India. Even though there are some delays in service at peak hours, it is obvious largely owing to their awesome food.
I will come back again to Phoenix just to try the food here. Hats off to the team there!!
OUTSTANDING LUNCH BUFFET!!! 

I am giving this restaurant 5 stars based on the lunch buffet and cleanliness. 

I come here often, about 5 times a month, with family or friends for the amazing selection at their lunch buffet. Friday through Sunday is my favorite time to come because the food is much spicier. Beware, this place is PACKED on those days. If you prefer it on the mild side then stick with the Monday - Thursday buffet or come during dinner hours when you can order it however you prefer. I have noticed that the people in my party are usually the only non-Indian people dining here, which is an excellent sign that the food is authentic. I've never been to India, so unfortunately I cannot say for certain. 

This restaurant is always very clean. The service can be hit or miss; sometimes we get fantastic service and other times not so much, but that may be due to a communication barrier that the food more than makes up for. 

Tips: 
Great place for vegetarians who like it spicy. (Yes, they do also serve meat.)
Be sure and try Rasam & Sambar soups, they are both delicious!
Due to the service, I will NEVER go back. I love Indian food and have been to quite a few places in the valley.  Chennai's food was average... when we actually received what we ordered (dinner service). 

Pros: 
-Relatively fast turn around following ordering.
-Food was pretty good, if nothing to write home about.

Cons: 
-Servers had no idea what was on the menu. They came back twice to ask if "that 'chinna' thing" was a soup and then seemed to point at the menu at random, asking "is that it?" Channa masala. It's a pretty ubiquitous dish. And I can show it to you on the menu if you hand it to me.
-Of the 6 dishes we ordered, 2 came accurately, 3 were entirely inaccurate (e.g. chaat when we'd ordered a curry dish), and 1 never showed up at all.  
-They tried to charge us for dishes we didn't order in addition to those we did.
-We had to ask the waitress for water 3x before she brought it.


If you're going to go there, go for the lunch buffet. The less you have to interact with the servers, the better.
OK, The reviews were rather depressing and we decided on Indian buffet for lunch. We decided on Chennai Chettinaad Palace and was not disappointed in the least. Atmosphere was charming, unlike it predecessor Tokyo Express. Service was wonderful and the food very flavorful and exciting. My only agreement with other reviewers is that most of the dishes, of which there is a great selection, would be that it is just a touch beyond "comfortable spicy". When we left, our table was the only empty table there. It was packed with folks waiting both inside and out. We were the only non-indian patrons. I would love to review all the different foods, like chili fish and chicken, goat and more. Please accept my apology as I hardly know what they were or their ingredients. But the food is wonderful. Try it. Its worth it.
Dined here last night. The food was very good indeed (lamb kurma, chicken saag, and a few other dishes), well presented and quite flavorful without being overwhelming....five stars! The servers were not up to that standard, sadly...they were certainly inexpert and seemed inexperienced. I'll be back though. The annoyance of bumbling service was far outweighed by the quality of the delicious food.
My favorite Indian place in the valley. I've had them all, and it isn't close. Spicy, and delicious!
The lunch buffet on the Saturday was simply superb. I went with low expectations because I am from NoVA, DC metro where there are tons of Indian restaurants but Chennai Chettinad really surprised me. Food was pretty authentic and had tons of Veg options. Dosa was missing in the buffet but 4 desserts was a surprise. Fish curry, palak-paneer, goat curry & chicken biryaani were the best. Everything was tasty and would definitely come back here if I visit Phoenix! Keep it up guys!!
Tasty, spicy food. We love this place for its Indo- Chinese and South Indian dishes. Rest of the stuff is very inconsistent but is good most of the times. The service was extremely bad when it comes to the waiters, it has improved a bit now.. but I would at least expect my server to say a 'Hi' .. which youll never get here. Most of the servers are rude and they will find a way to mess up your order each time. Food arrives very slowly on busy days.  1 * LESS FOR THESE THINGS N I REALLY FEEL THE MANAGEMENT SHOULD DO SOMETHING ABOUT EM.
I don't know what to say, I love the food but as everyone says the service is terrible.

Part of the reason is that the owners steal all of the tips from the waitresses. They make minimum wage, and all the tips go to the owners. 

I am torn. It is without question my favorite food, but the owners steal from the servers. So I don't think I should eat here.... Really disappointing...  What does one do in this case?.... 

The other Indian restaurants around here are terrible. So I can drive to Tempe to support better practices for servers, or I can eat here and support thieves with delicious food.
Awesome Indian lunch buffet! If quality of food is important to you , you will love this place.

Even, for a change, I liked the dessert options.
The family and I went to this today after seeing the advertisements.  My fiance was really excited to go, so I agreed hoping this would be a nice break from the norm and a great way to spend an early Saturday Evening.

We arrived right at 4pm, bought our tickets (2 adults, 2 kids - no kids discount $52.60) and entered the festival.  We were immediately grabbed by a hard sell timeshare company and it took more effort than I planned on spending to break away.

The festival was relatively empty, granted it was early in the day, and there were a few open booths.  One major disappointment is we found no Japanese food, which I was hoping for.  Vietnamese, Filipino, and Thai were all well represented, as well as a couple Hawaiian fusions, but that is about it.

The food trucks were definitely a highlight.  We both chose Truck Norris and it kicked ass (see separate review).  As the day progressed, the crowd only mildly picked up but the entertainment slightly elevated.  All told, we left at about 7:30pm after a roughly $220 expenditure.

I believe the event is priced on the high side, but was enjoyable.  This is the second annual, hopefully they will gain momentum in years to come.  We will definitely give them a shot next year as well.

Note:  Bring Cash!  ATM fee is $4.50 and no one takes credit!
Did someone say Food Festival? Asian cuisine? Las Vegas Asian Food Festival here I come!

Access and parking at Silverton Casino was easy and we had no problem. Entrance thru casino. Valet was helpful and gave precise directions;  follow signs, pass aquarium, pass gift shop and hang a right,entry pool area where you are greeted by event staff who will direct you where to go.  I picked up tix at will call thru VIP entrance since I won tix through a drawing via Yelp (Thank you Thank you!!) 

Arrived late afternoon, sun wasn't beating down, so the festival was shaded for the most part. 

I was expecting it to be crowded and have long lines but I'm guessing it was their down time and it wasn't that busy nor did I have to wait in hour long lines thankfully. Scoped and did walk thru to figure out what to eat, the layout was nicely organized  and made it easy to figure where everything was: 

Food trucks towards carnival side- L.A.  and our local Vegas ones represented the gourmet food trucks 

Food vendors towards freeway side - Filipino,Hawaiian,Thai,Chinese,Korean, Vietnamese, and Indian cuisines represented. ...oh and Italian Ice and Shave Ice (well more like snow cone textured ice to me, see pix). Honestly I'm really not a fan of food served up from warming trays that look like they have been sitting out. Not sure how long it's been sitting out so I'm more likely to skip out cause that's what they had.
 
Mid section had retail vendors, a caged fighting area, and the dj blasting music.

Carnival rides and Mickey D's towards back area 

Dining areas- There were three of them.  

The tented VIP one, you need your VIP pass to gain access to here, banquet tables with apps were being served when we were there around 5ish, the sake and bar started later on. Lucky I read via website the info so I timed arriving here perfectly!

The area towards the back had high top tables where you can stand, it wasn't shaded but at the time we went the sun was low enough that it shaded the area. The other dining area was tented with tables and chairs, plenty of seating.  Being the clean freak that I am, I appreciate that the dining area was pretty clean for an outdoor event. They had festival staff who bussed and clean the areas continually the time we spent there. The garbage cans were emptied also...just little things like this made it more aesthetically pleasing.

The variety of entertainment lineup during the time we were there varied. Hot Hula Fitness just finished up when we arrived. When we sat down to eat there was Thai acrobatics followed by a Tai Chi demo, then Ronald McDonald telling corny jokes and performing magic tricks. The kids both young and young at heart seemed to enjoy the show and that's all that mattered.

I ended hitting up the Truck Norris, Fluff Ice and Sin City Cupcakes! I have an obsession with food trucks what can I say!  Love the unique and different twists of Hawaiian/Filipino food and desserts from Truck Norris and Fluff Ice who are both from the Los Angeles area.  And Sin City Cupcakes...alcohol infused cupcakes...need I say more??? I'll follow up with separate Yelp reviews for them.  Ive learned from attending past foodie festivals to take cash since some of the vendors and food trucks do not take debit/credit cards.  So bring cash with you! 

The admission price initially might scare people away but note it's good for both days with in & out privileges. Kids get in free if they are a certain height! (so tell the taller kids to bend at the knees a lil bit so you're under the 48" limit ..haha..) You can pick up a $2 coupon off at a McDonald's, one of the sponsors for this event PLUS part of the proceeds go to a good cause, our local Ronald McDonald House. I found all this info on the website before I came.  So it is a good value if you take advantage of attending the weekend. We enjoyed our afternoon and will be back.
I am a big fan of festivals, and also happened to be lucky enough to win a pair of VIP tickets via Yelp (Thanks again Misti!), so I decided to check out the Asian Food Festival. Upon approaching the SIlverton, I saw tons of rides and booths set up and I was ready to have fun and eat a lot! 

Upon walking into the festival, I was in food para-para-paradise! I saw many familiar food vendors,as well as some new ones and I was eager to eat a lot! For my main meal, I decided to try some Filipino food since I've been craving it for a while now.  The food was tasty and reminded me of my best friend's food from back home in California. Having the VIP tickets was also a huge bonus to the fair. Who could say no to comp drinks?!

I am definitely looking forward to next year and the reunion I'll have with all the delicious food.
I do love this place but I'm only going for 4 stars as this review is based on takeaway, not the full restaurant experience.

It has been opened now for about a year and replaced Oscars on Slateford Road. There is a restaurant which seems to do pretty good business. I popped in before 7 on a Friday for a takeaway and it was pretty full which is always a good sign, with lots of other popping in to collect takeaway too.

Their takeaways are awesome. First visit at New Years was for meal deal for 2 and we added extra bits (pakora, naan, extra rice) on to make it a meal for 3 - seriously, there was tons of food, even feeding three with pub munchies, meant there was still another meal and a bit left for another day. Meat is cooked amazingly - we had a chicken korma and there was a lamb dish with mint whose name escapes me. I would never order lamb normally and didn't intend on even trying it but it was awesome. Totally melt in the mouth gorgeousness. 

I tried to look for it last night but probably missed it on the menu due to tiredness and starvation so I opted for a chicken dupiaza. It was lovely, subtly spiced tomatoey sauce with huge chunks of tender chicken and slices of red and green peppers and onions - yum! I ordered boiled rice to go with it and when I opened the bag at home, not only did I have my order, but a 2 little tubs containing a chopped onion salad and some mango chutney. I think this is a Jashans thing as there is always some kind of salad and sauce thing that comes extra which is a nice touch. 

So, yep, Jashans is worth checking out. There are deals on for the restaurant on Sundays, and lunchtimes during the week,if you fancy a bargain lunch treat. The staff are lovely and the restaurant is really nicely decorated, very modern, but with lots of red, orange and gold accents to reflect the Indian and Bangladeshi theme.
I was really happy to see a curry house open on Slateford road, in part it always struck me as odd that there are 4 (now 5 I think) Chinese style takeaways or restaurants yet no Indian...

However Jashans is a mixed bag, I can't fault the quality of the meat and the milder curries are decent however the spicier dishes lack any differentiation outside of an extra chopped chili or some chunks of garlic, they all use the same base sauce giving no depth to the flavour. Perhaps the demand simply isn't there for the spicier dishes and thus when one is ordered it is an exception, however this doesn't excuse that it  feels like there is a lack of care in these dishes.

Jashans is ideal for those that enjoy milder curries, but if you are looking for something a little hotter (madras or similar) there are definitely better places.
it was sunday night, it was late, it was cold, it had been snowing on and off all weekend, neither me or my boyfriend could face cooking dinner so we decided to finally try jashans which had opened up down the street from his flat a number of months ago.  we phoned our order in and headed over to pick it up.

i was a bit shocked entering the restaurant itself, as it really rather quite posh looking.  all rich sumptious colours and dark wooden tables.  i was definitely impressed, perhaps less so when we had at least three different waiters come up to us to ask what our take away order was.  um we already ordered and we are just waiting for the food now... it also took about three attempts to pay.  about 10 minutes after our arrival though, we had paid and the food was brought to us and we hopped in the car to head home.

i unpacked the items which included poppadums, onion salad, garlic chicken, green herb chicken, saag aloo, pilau rice, and a peshwari naan.  i did like that the food came in tupperwares which meant for less chance of an accidental spillage while carrying it from car to flat, but i found that the food was barely on the hot side, more warm moving to room temperature.

to be fair the curries were perfectly nice and i really enjoyed the naan, it was lovely and coconuty and sweet but without that weird hideous orange dyed coconut colour that you usually get.  but i felt like this place fell short of the other amazing curry houses that edinburgh has to offer as i can really only describe my meal as nice and not overly memorable.  it was also a bit more expensive than i would have expected for a takeaway.  so sadly, it's only A-OK and i may encourage my boyfriend to order from a different establishment the next time we opt for an indian to take away.
Awesome banquet meal! 12 each every Sunday. Had never hard of this place until a few ago and now I'm a regular.  Lovely naan bread, nice starters and fragrant currys they have. A tapas Indian style.

Great evening out and a great meal.
So I have ventured back into Jashans twice this year and all I can add to my original review is that the hotter curries have improved enough to warrant another star. I have had a vindaloo and a madras and there were subtle differences in the flavour and just the right difference in heat, tasty!

Thing is while I am happy to say the restaurant has improved, this could be bad for my waistline as I live just round the corner... Oh well, it is always good to have another option for curry.
Discovered this delightful place last night  a choice of 8 main dishes designed to be shared by two  we had a chickpea and sweet potato curry platter which was delicious and fun to share. We sat on the cute little balcony which has coloured voiles on the windows but had a peek inside  downstairs they play an old classic movie as folks dine and there is a chilled bar area with low seating, colourful decor and a cosy atmosphere. The food is Franco-Indian and there is only one vegetarian choice. The desserts are good too, knickerbocker glory style but with a difference, my partner had a mango explosion and I chose a banana and toffee combo. The also make a mean mojito! It is reasonably priced and the staff are friendly.
Cozy and trendy...
A global experience!
Sensory Escape.
Le Passepartout was simply amazing. We walked in to a little oasis that is tucked away off the Royal Mile on Old Fishmarket Close, and we were welcomed to this fantastic new restaurant. The main dining area is cosy and has beautiful, bright-coloured pink walls and simple tables with lovely pillows and decorations. It feels like like you are stepping into a lovely Moroccan restaurant or a Southeast Asian restaurant - it is a mix of both and a fantastic fusion of cultures (and of course foods!).

The menu is short but overwhelming in deciding what to choose because there are so many fantastic choices. You can either have many starters as tapas or a main that is a sharing platter for two. There are no mains for one, for for one you could go tapas-style or have a very big dinner. For an odd number of people like when we had three tonight, it was perfect sharing a variety of tapas starters and one main sharing platter. 

For the starters (1.95, 2.95, or 3.95), there is a fantastic pulled pork, an excellent Moroccan chicken, chili chicken strips, marinated minted lamb (only 1.95!), jalapeo cream cheese fritters, deep fried squid and chorizo and spiced bean stew. We had six and they were each amazing! They are small but at great prices and are absolutely delicious!

We had the perfectly exquisite whole Scottish lobster with Thai green chili sauce and Singapore-style noodles and vegetables. The dish was large and plentiful, and it was to die for! For 19, it was one of the more expensive main (for two remember) but still a great deal for how much there was and how fantastic it was to have a whole lobster cooked so perfectly. My only quibble with it was that it was quite messy and also very hard to manage the lobster that was somewhat cracked into pieces but could have done with lobster cracker as it was difficult and hard on the hands to get all of the tasty meat out!

Other mains included slow-roasted lamb (12 for the sharing platter for two is a great deal!) and a Scottish T-bone steak (19). Desserts were good but very cream oriented and few chocolate options. I had the chocolate mousse drenched in ice cream and whipped cream, while the others had a liquid dessert of espresso coffee ice cream with cognac and creme de cacao.

The environment here is lovely and relaxed with candle-light tables low ceilings. There is a special alcove for two to snuggle in while they dine, and a great downstairs area for a different but also lovely atmosphere, and it is also great for groups! I love this place and will definitely be back! It is a fun place with friends and also perfect for a romantic date!
What a strange evening. Good food, tiny, hot venue, disorganised but friendly staff. 

We arrived and were offered a table 'downstairs' - ie in a wee, dark, empty room with a TV screen covering one wall. 

"It's the Rolling Stones!" said our waitress.

We said, em, can we see upstairs?

Which was bright and full of people. Very bright and very full - it's a hot, pink, tiny cave (make your own analogies) and we had to limbo dance into our seats but, so far so good. 

We ordered, and sat chatting. And sat. 

45 minutes later, the waitress admitted they'd forgotten our order, and were just putting it on now...

Man. So. We were a bit fed up by this point. 

Eventually, they did bring some food, and it was delicious - squid, lamb kofta, and some chorizo and bean stew to start. And while we were still eating those, our shared lobster main arrived. 

Is it so odd to want a clean plate, when my starter was a runny, spicy stew? Apparently. 

The lobster was tasty. I haven't had a whole lobster before, so it was quite a challenge! But fun, and we just got stuck in and messy, and enjoyed it, then ate the delicious noodles it came with. The food really was pretty good. And in the end, they took the wine off our bill as an apology for the wait, so we had three starters, a lobster and a bottle of wine for 27, which is not to be sneezed at!   

But too hot and pink and bothersome for me to go back.
Not quite a review, as I've not managed to contact them to book a table, but they are at least now on Twitter: https://twitter.com/TukTukEdinburgh .  The web site isn't up to much just yet: http://tuktukonline.com .

I am really looking forward to eating there, hopefully soon.

(Had to give it a star rating, so have gone with a moderate '3', but note that I've not tasted any food yet!)
So, I sort of feel bad to review this restaurant this early, as others have mentioned how they've only opened recently and are working out the kinks. My friend and I went here for dinner after work on a Thursday about 2 weeks after opening and were very excited to come here after seeing the restaurant's tuk tuks wandering the streets. First of all, it's a great location in the heart of tollcross, across from King's Theatre and conveniently next to a co-op when you want to take advantage of Tuk Tuk's BYOB policy. The branding they've developed is very smart and makes it look like it's part of a chain. After asking one of the waitstaff who is a school friend of the owner, he said they hope to eventually expand in this way. The interior is very stylish but also has an old building charm. We only discovered upon visiting the toilets that the building must have used to be a bank, as there's a huge vault door in the ladies'! The music was also very fun, who doesn't love a bit of bollywood?

The major problem with our visit was the wait for the food. We were seated immediately when we arrived, but because there was a large group that had sat down not long before us, the kitchen had a hard time dealing with the number of orders. Our server continually apologised for the delay and even brought out complementary poppadoms when we asked for something because we were starving after waiting for such a long time. I would think that once they have their service down, they would aim to bring out the tapas style dishes as they're ready, but we mostly got ours all at once as in a normal restaurant. The food was good. Each dish came in a perfect portion size considering one person is recommended to order 2-3 dishes. There was this mysterious sauce that seemed to appear drizzled on most of the dishes; my friend didn't much care for it but it wasn't listed on the menu so she didn't know not to ask for it. The dishes also came in these small metal dishes that, while stylish, were very hot to the touch! It made it difficult if you wanted to pour a curry over rice or to pass a dish over the table to someone. At the end of the meal, though, the bill was surprisingly affordable for the amount we ordered, though at that time they could only take cash as payment. Luckily, it's located right next to the co-op! I plan on going back here because I think they have a lot of potential and room to improve on this one experience. I'm excited to see this local business grow, hopefully for the better.
OK, never heard of it until taken by friends.  Looks pretty good, friendly staff.  Food though takes it to the next level.  We had quite a few veggie and meat options.  Chicken lollipops, lamb chops, Railway lamb etc all went down well.  Tarka dal was superb as was the paneer and masala chips.  Food came reasonably quickly in tapas style dribs and drabs.  5 of us had a feast and it came to just over 70, obviously booze not included.  I will be returning.
Really enjoyed my visit here.  Indian tapas mean you can order a number of dishes.  Two of us had 5 dishes plus rice and naan which was enough to fill us up (cost 30 with tip).  Of the 5 dishes, 3 were fantastic, one pretty good and one very average (the lamb was a bit tough and the sauce contained too much ghee)  Overall though the food was good and just that bit different to your ordinary Indian restaurant fare.  I'd definitely go back.  Ecclectic decor and music makes for a good atmosphere.  I recommend booking at the weekend as it was completely full on the Saturday we visited.  BYOB which you can buy at the Co-op just next door.
Tuk Tuk is fresh, bright and new, offering a street food spin on Indian food. Essentially, what they have on offer is tapas style Indian, so it's not a style with which you'll be entirely unfamiliar. It's early days for the place, and I don't feel they've really found a range of dishes that will wow customers, but they're starting from a solid foundation, so have every chance to develop into a really good wee place.

Overall, we said: "Tuk Tuk is worth a visit, but I'd be surprised if you're blown away by what they have on offer. The idea is a good one, but the quality and/or originality needs to be cranked up a notch if the place is going to put broad grins on the faces of diners. For now, it's quietly pleasing, which is quite a good starting point. I look forward to visiting, later in the year, to see how the menu has evolved and how they've developed their offering."
Sitting on a prominent corner opposite the Kings Theatre, Tuk Tuk Indian Street Food is an odd mix of modern minimalist marketing and traditional simple street food.  It works on a tapas-style approach - they recommend two people order between 5 and 6 dishes and work from there. It's not licensed so BYOB is the order of the day (no corkage charge),

So, last night, when I was the lead guitarist out of the Shadows, we decided to pop in here after picking up a rather nice bottle of red on the way. When it comes to tapas, I come over all Carol Vorderman and select random dishes from different sections without much attention to what's actually in them.  Sometimes it works and sometimes my food allergies get the better of me. On this occasion I think it's safe to say it worked out reasonably well. 

We had......

Fish cakes.  Not that great. Yes they were shaped like cakes and had an 'aroma de la mer' but somehow the subtle flavours were lost amidst the rest.  They would have benefited from some kind of dipping sauce. They weren't that hot either.  Lamb kebabs that could have done with a yoghurt dressing but otherwise were pretty decent. Chilli garlic chicken. Fantastic. A lamb curry. Almost as good as the chilli garlic chicken.  Hakka Chilli Paneer. Just confusing. Think Singapore Noodles meets Rogan Josh. It tasted ok but somehow my senses were working overtime to comprehend what I was seeing and what I was tasting.  On the side we had rice and garlic nan, both good.

We finished off with a couple of chai teas. 

So in summary, I think Tuk Tuk is probably a decent 'try me' kind of place, but I don't think there's enough here to keep me coming back for more. Yes the bill is quite reasonable, but you've already paid for your booze and it's easy to leave that calculation off the total.  As with most tapas ventures there will inevitably be a couple of dishes that don't totally work so you have to focus on the overall appeal of the meal.
Tuk Tuk is a different sort of Indian, tapas style and set out more like a modern diner than a restaurant, there is a minimalist and bright style that works well with the street food aim.

The food is good, we had a reasonable selection of dishes (meaty and vegetarian) and sides (massala chips, nan and pickle selection) and we all left happy (and full) and it was all fairly inexpensive.

In short modern setting, good food and BYOB, what is not to like!
Popped in here last night for some impromptu food after a couple of beers at Benetts over the road and we were not disappointed. Contemporary decor with lots of asian twists in the theme caught my interest from the outset. Really nice roomy space with lots of seating options from tables to massive benches. The menu is mainly tapas with options galore for veggies and vegans too, so thumbs up from the better half. I opted for the mixed grill and dare I say it this was better than the Kebab Mahal mixed grill that was my previous bench mark. I managed to try some of the paneer noodles, which were really tasty as were the mixed pickle jars.These are tiny little jars but packed full of flavour. All in the 3 of us had a great meal and will be back :D 

Ahh yes a side note it is BYOB so if you fancy some vino with your Pakora make sure to grab some before you turn up, if not there is a COOP and a supermarket close at hand.
It's being your own wine and/or beer with no corkage!!! The Indian food here is great, and I really enjoy the atmosphere! 

They say that every person should order 3-4 dishes but I think that's cray-cray. Two is enough for me.

There's a youthful atmosphere that I like about this place. It's clean, airy, with fun bright orange colours. So very different to what I normally experience at other Indian restaurants (all of them I'm not bothered to sit in!)

The food tastes fresh! I ordered the railway station lamb and it came in it's own mini-pot with an abundance of spinach in the sauce. I thought that was a nice change. Generally when you order a curry it mentions things like peppers, spinach, etc, but you never ACTUALLY see much of vegetables in it.. It's mostly just overly oily/creamy sauce! 

My group bought a few bottles of wine to bring, and once our table was cleared, we kept on drinking! What was nice is that we never felt rushed to leave after we finished eating. It felt like we stayed an extra hour afterwards and they didn't mind at all...

Anyways, I know when I want an Indian I will be here. Railway Lamb get.in.ma.bellay.
I actually quite liked this place. It's not fancy, kinda looks like it's been decorated by ikea, however for the concept of quick tapas style Indian street food you wouldn't really expect a plush decor. 

I came with a group of 10, organised by me (again) to try somewhere new around the Lothian rd area and of course for their byob policy. Always a winner at a team night out! 

I wasn't sure how the menu and concept would go down for such a large group. The waiter's suggestion of some set options for a per head cost were poo-poo'd by the blokes who wanted "their own food" so I had to ask for a bit of paper to write down everyone's 3 choices against their names so we could remember what we ordered and keep track. Complicated or what! The waiters were pretty patient with us thankfully. 

The food turned up at different times. Basically it arrived when it was ready. I explained the concept of the place to the guys a million times but there were a few moans from people who didn't have their food when some had 2 dishes. The moans stopped when everyone had at least 1 of their dishes in front of them. 

The quality of the food was unquestionable though. Very tasty! I had mixed pakora (half of it sneakily nicked by a work buddy), butter chicken and a lamb dish with ginger. The lamb was my favourite! The selection of naan breads were great - soft, buttery, crispy.... No-one had any complaints with the food. The only options that didn't go down as well as the others were the mini Indian burgers (well, what do you expect ordering a burger in an Indian restaurant!) and some kind of cold chickpea mush on crisp things. The 2 people who ordered that option both didn't expect it to be a cold dish and felt the menu description was completely different to what arrived. 

I'd go back again but in a much smaller group. It's far too complicated keeping track of dishes for large parties. My control freak tendencies were pushed to the limit on this visit. 

P.s. nice, clean toilets! With toothbrushes...!?!?!
I have been eyeing this restaurant up for ages and finally got the chance to go last night and it was amazing!

Such a good selection of small Indian tapas plates ranging from 3.80-4.90 and everything we had was delicious. They suggested between 3-4 plates per person but myself and my friend had 6 between us and we were stuffed! We shared the butter chicken (so tasty), the fishcakes, somosas, kebab buns (like little burgers), Garlic chicken and Aubergine and potato and everything just tasted wonderful, such good quality and tasty food.

The restaurant is BYOB as well, on wine and beer, so is great for a bigger group as will keep the costs for dinner down. They also cater for larger groups, when we were in there was a large group of 20 and there was plenty of room. The restaurant is large too and really well spaced out - the decor is quirky with large wooden tables and wire lampshades so it does remind you of grabbing a quick bite in an Indian train station, which I loved. They also have Bollywood posters on the walls and Indian music playing, making the whole experience that bit more inclusive - you could forget for a minute that you were at the top of Tollcross!

The staff were also really friendly too. 

This is definitely a new favourite of mine and I have been raving about it to everyone since last night. Tasty food, great choice and lovely surroundings go!
I have been thinking about heading to the recently opened Tuk Tuk on Lothian Road for quite a while. I had heard rumours they would come and pick you up in the Tuk Tuk if you asked nicely too!

The idea behind it is that it is more of a street food rather than your usual curry experience. There are lots of small dishes that you can chose from and enjoy a tapas style sharing dinner (They suggest ordering 3 to 4 of the small dishes per person - perfect for sharing). I really like the laid back dcor and Bollywood posters, plus the music is great to. It has a very happy chatty atmosphere to it which creates the right feelings for our [celebration meal.

We were all pretty hungry before entering the restaurant, and the delicious smells that hit us as we walked in meant we couldn't wait to sit down and order. To start we decided to share the Chicken Lollipops and samosas. The spiced wings are served on the bone and the coating of Keralan spices on the beautifully crisp exterior complimented the beautifully tender meat on the inside. The samosas were good but I much prefer the bigger ones you get from the indian shops as they have more filling! It was still a flavourful, moreish starter, leaving us excited for what was to come.

We ordered the Tandoori meat selection which comprised of lots of MEAT! It's a bit more expensive at about 12 I think but has different cuts of lamb and chicken all very well cooked and really nicely seasoned which went well with our other dishes including the Chole Frankie - a wrap filled with spiced chickpeas, herbs, pickled vegetables and chutney and the Sag Paneer - creamy spinach and cubes of home-made cottage cheese. I always order this dish everywhere we have an indian and this was one of the best I have had. 

We accompanied our dishes with Pilau rice, peshwari nan and our own BYOB bottles of beer and wine. By the end of the meal we were absolutely stuffed and very happy! The staff were really friendly and just left us to chat - we ended up staying almost an hour after our meal without realising.

I think Tuk Tuk definitely scores highly for good food and laid-back dining, I would highly recommend it.
Controlling food spending but not managing to find a Pizza house to obtain a chickeny pizza with BBQ sauce base to scoff outdoors in the Meadows on a sunny day we found ourselves at Tuk Tuk.

First time here and had to ask if they were open as we entered there was no-one else in. After quizzing staff on this we found out the reason it was a sunny day and everyone would be in the Meadows eating sausages or pizza, but they were booked heavily for later on. So we had choice of any table, and had the whole restaurant to ourselves, it defo wasn't a crowded house.

Too warm to drink beer, which they don't  have anyway(only soft drinks), we were offered bottles of chilled still water, but had also brought our own bottle. A short time later, some food arrived, so found out the washrooms were downstairs, knowing when I got back the remainder of food would be there. 

Venturing into the basement was like there had previously been the perfectly cool wine cellar or old bank with plenty places to store that precious metal or paper currency?

There was three of us at Leven Street's Tuk Tuk, and they managed to satisfy our hunger pangs with lots of small variations of lamb and chickeny portions such as Chook Lollipops(tandoori style), Butter Chooks, Bun Chook Kebabs with salad leafs and Patina Lamb, that were all complimented with a variety of spicy & mint dips, in addition to rice and fries.

To give them four possibly five stars would be for creating an golden authentic styled establishment, not bowing to an inclusive mixture of other cuisines; seven dam-fine flavours and cost for three happy excited campers 25-ish.

The place is bright and quite comfortable to plant your derrire, and has Bollywood styled music to complete that Indian feeling, but simply another great 2 month old toddler that Tollcross has to offered the good folks of Edinburgh...makes me start to wonder is this now the gastronomic area of the city?

See ya soon Tuk Tuk, for another great afternoon!?
Very accommodating staff in what is clearly a busy and popular establishment (rustled up two extra chairs for us no problem when they discovered the party's increased size hadn't been noted down from our secondary phonecall).

Service after we'd ordered was noticeably delayed but we put this down to the way the orders are scheduled in the kitchen. Once the food started to arrive it was all on the table in quick succession. No complaints about any of the numerous dishes we ordered.
I took my better half here for dinner last night for his birthday. Tuk Tuk had been on our radar for a while but we hadn't yet got around to visiting. As we were going to the cinema at Fountainpark in the afternoon we decided to go here after. I totally forgot to take a photo of the food (sorry Robyn) but it looked as good as it tasted.

This super informal restaurant is home to a lovely chilled environment with nice staff and great food. What more could you ask for? Also, it is BYOB with free corkage, so nip next door to Scotmid, grab a cheapy bottle of wine and settle in Tuk Tuk for the evening.

The menu contains a vast array of authentic Indian street food dishes. We order about 8 dishes to share between us, including lamb, veg and chicken, accompanied by a couple of delicious cheese naans and a roti. I can't remember the exact dishes we ordered but everything was so full of flavour and tasty, I would recommend going there and just ordering a variety of dishes that you have no idea what they are.

My only criticism (and why I haven't given it 5 stars) was that the food wasn't hot (temperature), it was all pretty luke warm. However, this is easily fixed and I'm sure we'll be back there again very soon. Highly recommend it!
Had to wait FOREVER to get fed here, which didn't do much for my grumbly and unreliable tummy. The other problem for me is that most of the food is spicy, which is a bit of an issue when you've got a sensitive gut like me (too much info?). Despite asking the waitress for the least spicy options, what turned up still had me sweating. 

I liked the atmosphere of the restaurant and the idea of street food. We were in a group of nine people so quite a few folk ordered the set menu, which was never ending and seemed pretty good value for money. Again, quite long waits between servings so not an ideal option if the place is really busy. 

I opted for two veggie dishes and a naan bread - I think one of the dishes was a daal and the other was a potato and aubergine dish. They were both nice, but the spice was too much for me despite the waitress saying they weren't too hot. What can I say, I'm a wimp. The portion sizes weren't spectacular as you'd expect from a joint that does Indian tapas, and that combo just about filled me up. 

It was all just, well, okay. I see quite a lot of folk like this place, but the combo of spice, long wait and tapas didn't really do it for me. Maybe another visit needs to happen when less packed... Or maybe it's just not for me. TOO MUCH SPICY SPICY!! :(
Great restaurant with funky decor and enough talking points to keep the most hard-pressed for conversation diners occupied.

Staff were a little off. 1 chap wasn't sure what each dish was, unable to answer questions we posed. Another girl seemed to forget she'd handed us a menu for further orders, prompting us to get her attention. So a bit lax in that respect.

But the fact we wanted to order more says a lot about the place. The food is damn tasty. Set out in a tapas-style fare, Tuk Tuk recommends a good 3 or 4 dishes per person so as to get a wide feel for the menu. Although they don't offer much in the way of seafood, the chicken, lamb and veggie dishes they produce are flavoursome and plentiful.

I forget the names, and as the website is currently down am unable to blag it, but I would particularly recommend the chicken on the bone, cooked in lime and pickle. And the wee veggie parcels that, as the menu says, need to be tasted to be believed.

And such good value. We must've nailed a good 8 dishes, on top of that a roti and 2 naans, to receive a bill to the tune of 40. The fact they are BYoB (and don't charge for corkage) is a massive help in this area.

I will certainly be back. Thursday Curry Club will want to know of this place. And I recommend you go too. NOW!
Really cool decor. Great tasting food. Check out the lucky Mondays. Rolled the dice and managed to get the meal for free.
All the little plates of Indian food!

Lamb on the bone with spinach, oh-eh-gee. That kind of overshadows all the dishes in my memory, as it was so delicious. But the channa daal, and other wee things were all delicious too. Even the little pots of pickles with the popadoms were great (although they were small and not much pickle in each wee pot.)

There's also a photo booth where you can take stupid photos of yourself (or beautiful ones, if you're inclined) and they'll upload directly to their FB page. Fun times!

A bustly, busy, friendly, quick-service restaurant. BYOB, delicious food, great fun. I would certainly go back!
Hmmmm - I was a little disappoint ed with tuk tuk truth be told, after hearing and reading lots of great thinks I was really underwhelmed.

The service was a bith all over the place, took 5 times of asking to get some water.

The food portions for what you pay are reasonable, the cooking of the food itself I had a slight issue with. The seasoning was either over bearing or non-existent depending on the dish. The naan was very light and tasty but perhaps small for the price as were the rice portions.

I can see why it has and will do well but not really my kind o thing.f
The last time I visited Tuk Tuk, I was really impressed. The food was fresh and tasty, and the concept of tapas-style Indian food was a novel concept for me. The place was buzzing and it felt like I'd been temporarily transported from the bitter cold of Edinburgh to a Bollywood film set in Mumbai. So I was quite excited to return for a second visit. Alas, I was a bit disappointed.

On my second trip, we made the mistake of not booking beforehand and so had to wait for a while (15 mins) before a table was free. We were asked to take a seat in a little room off the main restaurant, where there was another couple waiting. Unfortunately, more people were invited into the room and it became a bit claustrophobic, however we were offered water and menus whilst we waited. 

We were shown to our table, one of the canteen-style long benches. And then it was as if we were forgotten about. No-one came to take our order, and it was only after I signalled to one of the waiters that we were given attention. I got the impression that there were a few senior staff who were stressed at having to manage the less experienced staff. There seemed to be a lot of staff running around, which does on one hand add to the street-food experience the restaurant is trying to offer, but came across as being a bit disorganised. 

Tuk Tuk operates on the basis of first-cooked, first-served, so our dishes trickled out over the course of ten minutes. Unfortunately, they forgot about the mango lassi I ordered and I only received this nearer the end of the meal. We also had to remind staff about our Indian 'snack pot' that never arrived. 

The food itself, though, is great. The butter chicken I ordered trumped any prior tikka massala I've tried and the Chicken 69 (basically chicken nuggets in a sweet sauce) was pretty tasty. My selection of vegetable pakoras were pretty good too. The mango lassi was worth the wait. My only complaint food-wise was that the rice portions are a bit conservative (or maybe that's just compared to the load of rice normally served in takeaways). 

Overall, we were 20 each for around 9 dishes, 2 rice and a naan (and those Indian snacks). Staff were generally friendly but flustered. Still, I'll probably go again, if only for another dose of that butter chicken.
Lovely indian style tapas restaurant.

My boyfriend and I went to Tuk Tuk because we didn't just want one or two indian dishes, we wanted to eat from several. That's exactly what we got. Busy, buzzing atmosphere was great in this BYOB spot. A few pointers:

- MUST GET: Butter Chicken
- Steer clear: Saag paneer - never has paneer been so salty and saag just like wilted spinach
- BYOB: There is an off license just a few doors down on the side street. Basic beer and very basic wine selection.
- Tapas = small plates. All of the selections are pretty small. We had the following and were full:

Mumbai Burgers (one burger), Samosas, Chutney, pappadom (x2), Kurkure, Sag paneer (again, skip it), raste ke biryani, butter chicken, peshwari naan, garlic naan.
Great concept, smart execution, slight yuppie smugness.
They advertise authentic Indian fast food and have a very simple menu. I ordered the chicken curry, mild, which had a lot of flavor and even a little bite.  I ordered the combo to go which comes with rice and 1/2 naan but they forgot to include the naan in my order.  The dish was mostly rice with very little gravy but did have some large chicken pieces in it.  For $7.12 with tax I didn't feel it as that great of a value, even if I had received the naan.  The place just opened and you can tell they are still working out the kinks.  Maybe I'll try it again in a few months to see if things have improved but until then I'll stick to what I know.
Excited I remembered that this place opened soon, I stopped in for Indian 'fast-food'.  I ordered Chole with 1/2 rice portion, 1/2 naan.  The gentleman who took my order forgot to give me my change and after I told him, he gave me my dollar back in dimes. I waited approx. 15 minutes for my 'fast-food'.  The Chole was OK, the rice was rice and the naan was great.  Like the first reviewer, I didn't think the value was that great.  I'm no pig but even I could've had more.  When I go back I'll have to get the big plate (full serving of rice & whole piece of naan) but then we're talking $9+.  A bit much for fast-food.  I will go back, though.  They just opened and I don't want a food option like this to go away without a chance.
I was surprised to see this place.  The idea of Indian fast food had not occurred to me and it was really good.
Good food. Great service. Mango mastani rocks.
I am giving this place the extra star for the service. They are a mom and pop place and you can see they are trying really hard to please which is quite endearing. However, efficiency of service is some time away as they do have some kinks there. 

As it relates to the food, the taste is average. By no means bad , but nothing stellar yet. I have been here twice and each time thought the food was just ok. I had also thought they serve indo chinese which would have been a huge plus for me but it hasnt been on the menu everytime i have gone. They are still in start up mode so need to be given a chance. I may go back in 6 months to check up on that.
This place has good stuff. Have tried the chicken biryani and vada pav, both were good especially the vada pav. The lassi was a let down for me and my friends too. The other stuff that my friends liked were the kababs and some of the curries. They were disappointed by the mango mastani and bhel. 

It looks like a family run restaurant and the day we went the service wasn't up to the mark as some of the employees had not reported to work. The owner apologized for it as we were leaving(hence haven't reduced a star). It would be better to give them a call and order before going to avoid waiting time.
look for the "T" and the Chili Sign on the corner of the building. simple, super-casual presentation of your indian favorites.

as part of my ongoing quest to understand and sample the cuisine of india about which I know little, I ventured to Tadka Sizzles on Tuesday for lunch since nearby Bawarchi is closed on Tuesdays.

+ good spicyness in chicken biryani.
+ good rice body, not sticky or too wet.
+ cooked to order may take 25-minutes. and we were the only table. be warned!
-- mango lassi too yogurt-ey. i need to make this more often at home
-- garlic naan doughey and bland.

# signage advertised a lunch buffet, but the bar has been mothballed
# barely-usable IKEA "matchstick"-plastic furniture barely serves. i don't care I'm here for the food!
# styro, plastic and paper rule the fray. it doesn't stop me from enjoying this place, but come on! i'm starting an ECO-violator list. :)
I picked up some indian food from here.

We had the lamb biryani and a couple of the curries.

The biryani was good but not as spicy as I had requested.

The curries (chicken tikka masala, chicken curry, etc.) were okay.
I was really craving some good Indian food for take-out. With my favourite place being about a twenty minutes drive from me, I decided to find something a little closer. I settled on Tadka Sizzles after looking at the menu options. I called them to try and place my order. No answer. Went straight to voice mail. I waited a few minutes and decided to try again. Again, it went to voicemail. They have an option of ordering online, so I try that and it takes me to a broken link as their website is currently under maintenance. I believe it's very poor business etiquette to not answer your business phone. Twice. In  a row.
Bad food i never had before but food is not having good quailTy but the nan is to salty that i had last night i will call to health deportment to come thear
If I could go to the buffet every week, I would! It's so inexpensive for all you can eat. It was an all around great experience. 

I heard of this place by word of mouth, and figured that a buffet full of foods I'd never tried before would be so amazing. I was very pleased!!! We got 3 rounds of food plus dessert. There isn't much of a dessert selection, but I preferred to fill up on all of their other food anyways.
I had dinner here yesterday while passing through Cambridge and I was pleasantly surprised! Great variety of meat and veg dishes. Great nan, and a dedicated fruit station!
Wonderful value, I am still full today.
The atmosphere isn't anything to write home about but who cares when the food is this good and this affordable. Incredible service and friendly staff. This place is a gem. Incredibly good value for your money, you can't go wrong.
OMG yummy. My husband and I love Indian food but have been hard pressed to find a good one in our area. Or search is over! Fusion has a wonderful selection of curries and beautiful fresh naan. The tandoori chicken is amazing. Inexpensive too. Almost half the price of comparable Indian buffet. 
Truly amazing!
Excellent Value, Very good food and seriously excellent service.  Last time we went there was no Veggie Korma on the buffet.  (Our favourite dish).  Our waiter immediately went to the kitchen and had the chef prepare a small bowl of veggie korma especially for us at no additional charge.  Now THAT is SERVICE!  We have always found the food hot and delicious.  At 11.99 for the dinner buffet, it is a real bargain.  In addition to a great many entrees including vegetarian options, there is a salad bar that includes fruit, and kheer (Indian rice pudding) other desserts and ice cream.  A take out container from the buffet is 6.99.   The afghan style bar-b-q chicken is particularly nice, and of course there is also the tandoori chicken as well as a mint chicken.  The curries range from mild to medium to hot, and there is a large selection of vegetable dishes.  The roasted veggies are delicious.  All in all - who can say more?  This is the best Indian food we've had in years and we try to return at least once a month.  We live more than an hour's drive away or we would be going much more often.
Newly opened on St Mary's Street, Vinyasa is a very smart Indian curry house. Their lunchtime menu, with 6.50 and 7.50 options, is excellent value. Everything about the first is extremely good, from the decor to the service to the food on offer. We'd recommend a visit, next time the curry mood takes you.

Overall, we said: "Vinyasa was extremely impressive. We have a really good range of Indian restaurants in Edinburgh, and this fits in nicely towards the top end of that happy band. I strongly urge you to pay it a visit, at your earliest convenience. Rather excitingly, they do takeaway, also, so if you can't make it along to the restaurant, just lift the phone, or order online, to sample their delights."
The good people of Vinyasa looked after us very well and couldn't have been more attentive. Menu suggestions were well judged and the food was excellent. They're relatively new, but have created a lovely family run restaurant in the heart of Edinburgh's Old Town. I had lamb, which I often do with Indian food, and it was lovely - tender and full of flavour.
My wife and I ate here while on our honeymoon, and we loved it! The waitstaff was exceedingly friendly and helpful and the food was terrific. My wife has a serious nut allergy that extends to chickpeas and lentils. which make Indian food difficult. But the manager at Vinyasa went out of his way to help us find some dishes that were completely safe and delicious. If you are looking for great Indian food, in a well run restaurant with a pleasant atmosphere, I highly recommend Vinyasa!
the boyfriend and i were in need of dinner while on the southside of town the other week.  since we hadn't had a curry in ages, Vinyasa came to mind as i'd read a few reviews and thought it was about time to give it a try.  

the restaurant is located on st mary's street, so in a good location for tourists especially those just across the road in the travelodge.  but it's clear that this place isn't just trying to attract the out of towners as the interior is very chic, with friendly waiting staff, and a good variation of curries on the menu.  also the prices are pretty much the same as most other curry restaurants in town, so clearly not been hiked up for the tourist trade.

we were seated as soon as we arrived as the restaurant wasn't too busy, but became busier as we ate our dinner.  the menu has good variation, but not the overwhelming amount of options that some other restaurants may have.  we opted to skip a starter and share some poppadums with a pickle tray instead.  i ordered the chicken katmandu and the boyfriend went with a chicken jalfrezi.

our poppadums arrived quickly with the pickle tray and two cobra beers.  i feel like it's pretty hard to not make a good poppadum, so hard to comment on these.  but the pickle tray had nice spicy onions, a tasty mango chutney, and my boyfriend confirmed that the lime pickle was also quite good.

our main dishes arrived fairly quickly, attributed to the restaurant not being too busy, and we soon had our chicken curries in front of us with pilau rice and a basket of garlic nan.  now i like a bit of spice in my curry, but not so much that i can't taste the flavour of the dish.  i felt that the spice in my katmandu was judged very well, as it was warming but i could also taste the coriander, cinamonn, and other spices in it.  the pilau rice made a good accompainment and the nan bread was garlicy and soft so very good for dipping in the curry.  my boyfriend seemed equally pleased with his jalfrezi.

my only real grip with this place is that for two main dishes, a rice, a nan, some popppadums, and two beers the bill was 40 which seems a bit steep to me.  the prices on the main dishes seemed reasonable (about 10 each) so it must have been the side dishes that added up so quickly!  but the food was quite tasty and the service friendly so it's hard to really fault them.  it's definitely good to know that this place open especially as it will come in handy when we're needing a good feed before a festival night out!
We booked online and they provided us a 15% discount which was a welcome surprise! The atmosphere was pleasant and modern and the food was great as well. 

On a Saturday around 1230pm they only had one other table, so reservations were not necessary. Not sure if they are much busier for dinner but as a result the service was good and the food came out quickly. We had some delicious curries which were rich and flavorful and had just the right amount of heat. 

meat samosa 
deep fried savoury pastries with minced lamb served with
a special sauce and accompanied with salad

garlic naan
bread stuffed with coriander and garlic cooked in our clay oven

tikka massalam with chicken
kebabs cooked in a mild flavoured sauce with herbs and spices

bhuna with chicken
traditional medium strength dish cooked with onions, herbs, tomatoes 
and a variety of spices

tarka dhal
lentils served with a touch of garlic
Good Northern quisine. 2 tandoori ovens and pleasant interior. Watch out for the olives in Martina's as they have hot chillis. Surprising in a casino to have such international choices. The staff is okay and service fair. The important thing is the food and it is good.
Omg! I wish we had found this restaurant the day we arrived in Vegas!
The buffet is under 14$ and the food on the buffet is EXTREMLY FRESH.
The chicken tandoori is so delicious , the basmati rice is delicate and had authentic flavors. The naan ( bread) was out of this world.we also had a very fresh salads , and the lentil dish was exquisite.try the sweet rice with fresh fruit ,delicious!
Now you should see the decor of this restaurant , it's spacious and luxurious , like an island in the heart of the hotel Rio.
It's a greatly non smoking space . Thank god for that!
I have to add to my review the EXTREMLY welcoming, warm , attention ate , details oriented service .everyone in this restaurant is an absolute sweetheart.
I will defently comeback.
This is a Gordon's Hell Kitchen experience.  

I came out of this place felt like I was robbed. For over $40 USD per head, we had less than average food (with no favors) and clueless service (they at least got the bill right, though).

If you don't believe what I am about to say, just go there and see that the restaurant is 95% empty for dinner, and, even better, go in and have dinner and experience it yourself (be sure to share =)). 

We made a reservation for dinner on a Saturday of May 2013, thinking the restaurant will be crowded because its Vegas. We checked out the menu before hand, and saw that they have fairly expensive offering - main courses for $25+, vegetarian dishes for $15+, so we had reasonable expectations of a decent meal.  

When we arrived at 6:30pm, we see that the restaurant is basically empty. There's only one other table. I felt something was wrong, but then I thought may be it's too early for Vegas and people are not coming in yet (I was wrong!).

I was debating the Okra vs. Veg. Biryani, so I asked the waitress what kind of vegetables they have in the Biryani. She said "peas". So, rice and peas for $19.00? What? Is that even a meal? OK, so we ordered the Paneer for Appetizer, Okra and Lamb Curry as main courses, and Nan and rice (which is also rice and peas, but for $9.00).

The paneer came, and I know we shouldn't have come. It was basically dry and have very little favor. It tasted more like paper than cheese. When the waitress came with our main course, she blatantly commented that she has no idea who ordered which dish (there were only 3 tables!).  Well, you could have handled that by saying "Lamb?". Obviously its her first day. Though I have to admit she doesn't have many customers to practice her skills.

The Okra was extremely sour. I tried very hard to eat as much as I can as we don't have time for another meal due to a scheduled evening show. I think I ate may be 1/3 of the Okra. It was so sour and dry that I can't figure out whether they are rotten for months or someone had washed their feet with the Okra. Then, I tried some of the Lamb Curry from my wife's dish. The meat tasted more like goo, and the source is more like a puree than a curry, it's just the wrong thing. And, for $26 USD you get a small bowl may be 10cm in diameter (not that we would want any more than what we got). The rice was below average (couldn't taste too much of it because of the sour Okra). The Nan was OK, and its the only thing they didn't mess up.

In the middle of dinner, another waitress came by with beer and asked if we had ordered beer. We did not - there are like three tables at that time, how can you possibly mess that up? Getting the check was really slow too, but I don't care too much about that. 

The final bill + tips was over $80.00, which is the most expensive meal we had in Vegas until that point, and the worst we've had in many years. It's simply worse than some of the very average Indian cuisine you can find in California. (We had a $130+ meal the next day at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant which is reasonably worth it).

Finally, I have to say this place fits exactly into the definition of Gordon Ramsey's Hell's Kitchen - highly over priced, clueless front of house, food lack of favor, and above all, no customers and hemorrhaging cash. If they don't get a major Ramsey make over, these guys are just going to continue to burn money and close up.  

Don't go here!

(From some of the other reviews, they may have a decent lunch, but I am not going to try).
Just like its name nothing is special about this place. It's in a casino so its overpriced and low quality. There is no wow factor and the buffet is not the world's largest. I would stick to off the strip for Indian. A  fast food indian gourmet with live entertainment and modern deco would have worked better. No signature dishes and the bar is small and hidden and nothing special. I would have made it into bhangara bar with fusion tapas.
Went here with a group of friends and the service wasn't great. Food was ok. I don't think I will be coming back here again. The server gave us the wrong check and charged the wrong amount of money on the credit card. Didn't refill water, tea or coke.
We went to the $14 (11AM to 4PM) Lunch Buffet.  

We had been there twice before for dinner when it was Gaylord and both experiences were quite similar; nice ambiance, good, but overpriced food, lousy service.  So I was excited they were back (same owners, new name) and could do a major affordable chow down and not have to worry about the service because it was a buffet.  Really, what could possibly go wrong?

So there we are-nobody to seat us-so I poke my head into the dining area and someone comes and ushers us to a table in a near empty room.  I look around; WOW design fallout!  The Gaylord to India Bistro remodel is more of a demodel. What was once a rather upscale and attractively appointed space has been dehabbed with cheesy booths and a tacky over bright chandelier. Oh well, moving on...

The buffet consisted of: 

Dal Maharani,  Baingan Pakoras (eggplant), Aloo Baingan (think it was potato and eggplant), Palak Paneer,  Basmati Rice, Tandoori Chicken, Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Curry, and some expired salad.

A little heavy on the chicken and eggplant, but I was still OK with that...until I discovered that every chicken dish was a contender for the food despair jackpot.  The one commonality they all shared was their Styrofoam taste and consistency.  It was the worst rice I have ever had and we debated if it was old or undercooked, settling on the notion that it was probably both.  Everything else pretty much sucked as well.  There are people starving in (fill in the blank) and they would probably choose hunger over that buffet.  


The only plus:

Our server kept us attentively stocked with the only palatable things we had:Garlic Naan & water.
Joined a few friends who enjoy this place. 
It was recently remodeled so had a fresh look. We sat towards the back where we could look out to the pool of the RIO. Service was quick and friendly. We ordered a variety of items. I enjoyed the Tandoori items along with the Naan. My friends had some Vegetable and Chicken curries that they raved about. 
Would love to try this place again on my next visit.
Worst experience I have ever had in a casino. My sister and I had read about this place in the Weekly and were excited to go. My sister has a nut allergy and has had issues at other local Indian restaurants so I made sure to ask several times what had nuts and what did not, I was told nothing had nuts. As soon as she took the first bite she could tell something was wrong. I called our waitress over and asked again about nuts, I took them about 10 minutes to figure out what had nuts by which point I had already run to the gift shop for emergency Benadryl. The server told her she could try something else to eat and that the only thing on the buffet with nuts was what she had eaten. She was clearly too sick to eat so I informed the staff that we would be leaving. At this point the staff brought me the bill for my buffet, despite the fact that my plate was still full. I will never again patronize this restaurant and plan to call a manager as well.
Very average Indian food. Their daal is good and the naan is delicious. It's absolutely fresh, crispy and is full of flavor. Everything else on the menu was a miss for me. Lacked flavors! 

The service is good and the place looks renovated and new.  The deserts are served cold but if u request them they will be happy to heat up the gulab jamun and halwa.

If you are really craving Indian food and want to give it a shot try their buffet. I will definitely not recommend this place for dinner. Save ur money. The buffet is $14 + tax +tip and all you can eat!
The lunch buffet is ok. The tandoori chicken, chicken tikka masala and naan are good. The rest of the buffet was either dying in the chafing dish or not very appetizing. The yogurt curry was sour, the saag was desiccated and the salad looked a bit on the dead side. But for $14.95 in Vegas, having enough good dishes to fill you up is passable.
I am an avid follower of Northern Indian food and I am quite comfortable knowing how Indian food should taste. I have not found anywhere better on the West Coast for Indian food besides Royal India Bistro. Their naan is preciously cooked along with the Tandori chicken. Spices are accurate and not overdone. There is generous sampling of all meats in all dishes. I love the remodel in that the tables and booths are comfortable. The place is very clean, service is attentive, and I would take the chance to eat there at any time I could. I cannot recommend this place enough!
The wooden elephants in the middle of a casino sure beckon your indulgence for Indian food.  Me and a friend of mine from LA, went there. The place is not for the someone looking for a cheap Chinese buffet where you need a food taster on a retainer, to see you will survive the ordeal.  

Almost all the Chinese restaurants in Vegas are filthy and dirty rat holes except for the Panda express outlets, exposed on a daily basis, by Chanel 13 TV. They are swarming with cockroaches (I saw one was as big as King Kong, sitting cross legged.on an easy chair ) The meat  is not brought at traditional butcher or reputable supply houses or suppliers, but from unknown sources and no one has any idea which animal it came from. Then the illegal Chinese workers live in the kitchen and bathe in the kitchen and they also double as cooks, dishwashers and cleaning staff and they are closed for cleaning one day a year. A disability and life insurance is a good thing before eating in there. The only word they speak is "Enjoy" which sounds like an order to be complied.. if not the fortune cookie will have even sterner message in broken English,.

In this restaurant, I prefer to order fish Kabob, since they are more North Indian than South. The kabob is a dry item and the cooking process removes any kind of fish aroma.. I suggested this to my friend who devoured this so much he came back with his family few months later and ate to the hearts content.

The food is fresh and healthy and you have to know what to order, not to mention you are paying three times the price for the luxury of dining inside a casino and the overhead is three time higher than a strip joint. 

The chicken pakora is another delicacy that is perfect as an appetizer when you are relaxing with a chilled red wine. The place was called Gaylord before and the decoration was awful and the newer remodeling is nothing to brag about. The eatery is too well lighted for my tastes and loses the romantic appeal that you seek when you are paying this kind of money but the fish kabob is just out of this world.

Other dry items i like is the tandoori assortment with fish, chicken and shrimp of course the mango kulfi and pistachio kulfi  that is delectable if served like an ice cream not like a hard cake.
I went in here with a friend for their lunch buffet. It's definitely got very good ambiance and location. Everything's a bit fancier than the usual Indian place. Fancy ceilings, plush carpet, cute buffet setup, comfy booths. But the buffet fare was definitely lacking a bit of excitement. They only had a limited variety and I go to many indian lunch buffets, so I know the standard options. But this place didn't have paneer! or Korma! However, they carried carrot pudding so that was something to point out. Drier than usual but it was still pretty good. The servers were very nice but also very forgetful, maybe she was new but her attitude about everything was very pleasant. 
I wouldn't come here again but was glad to have tried out another Indian joint.
What a great find at the Rio Hotel. Not a fan of buffets. Atmosphere was wonderful; didn't hear the slot machines. Quite, elegant atmosphere. Service was warm and friendly. Genuine. Food was more than adequate. Friend and I could have split the meal sampler. Couldn't finish all the wonderful dishes. They didn't all taste the same. Great spices and fresh. Next time in LV, a definite go again.
Visited Royal India Bistro an hour ago with my girlfriend and wanted to give this restaurant a review straight away.
Our host Rahul was really polite and helpful, the service too is impeccable! .The chef cooked a dish for me that wasn't on the menu and it came out fantastic. Ive visited a handful of Indian Restaurants in Vegas and this is the best so far. 
Thank you for our wonderful meal!
Formerly known as Gaylord, Royal India Bistro can be found in the exact same place as it was before inside the Rio Casino. With the same owner and almost the same menu, the interior of this place is now more sophisticated, plush and cozy with spacious booths lining around the walls of the restaurant. 

I remembered fondly from my past visits, as this was my favorite Indian restaurant in Las Vegas, the delicious and creamy "korma" entrees. Be it chicken, lamb, or vegetable, korma is always amazing on top of fluffy basmati rice. There is no words to describe the taste and the feeling of the first few spoonful of lamb korma and rice. Really, you just have to experience it. Indian food just isn't the same after tasting this item because you'll want to come back, again and again, for more of this delicious and heavenly korma curry. 

I don't know if I can ever order anything else on the menu here - I'm too spoiled by this item and I'll just want what I love, over and over again. Sure, they have really great curry and chicken tandoori, creamy spinach, cauliflower and carrots. But addiction has its limit as my tummy is only limited in space. THE items to get here, if you ever come here, is the korma (lamb, chicken or vegetable), creamy spinach and cauliflower. 

Trust me. You will not be disappointed. This has to be the BEST Indian restaurant in Las Vegas. That is all.
I read other people's reviews on here and was kind of concerned. I wanted to eat here for years and never have until last night. I decided to ignore the reviews because people have such different opinions and it was also recommended by one of the chef's at my school. 

I have eaten at many Indian places and I must say that I was surprised the food was great! I have great service and the atmosphere was also great. As far as the prices, I can see them being a bit higher than some other Indian restaurants but keep in mind, ANY restaurant in a casino will be more expensive. Even McDonald's in a casino will cost more for food than off the strip due to the high rent. I went in for dinner and I was very happy with what I ordered and I would totally try them again. 

$14 for lunch is actually a good deal and I wasn't aware of that until I went in. I will probably go back later in the week to check out the lunch buffet but otherwise  I really had no complaints. I recommend people try this out for themselves to judge. I am glad I did!
Eating here was a terrible experience. The food was okay, but the service was a nightmare. We only had 7 people in our party, but they acted like we were an unwieldy large group. They forgot some of our dishes and beverages, even after being reminded several times. The management was rude when we tried to address the problem. Additionally, the plain rice is outrageously expensive and they tricked us into ordering far more than we needed. Save yourself the headache and find somewhere else to eat.
This was an surprisingly excellent meal.  The Rio is not the nicest casino in Las Vegas, but I will be back for this restaurant.  Not only is it clean and quiet (closed off from the Casino), but the staff was helpful and the food was superb.  They were very accommodating when we asked about vegan options.  It was a nice respite from the chaos of Las Vegas.
Wow!  Stopped by for lunch on a fluke. Very nice decor, excellent food!!  Good buffet. Best part is the place was not crowded, no one knows about it!!  It was closed for a while first time I've been in for 10-15 years.
Just had dinner. Service was great and staff was friendly. My hubby had the non vegetarian complete dinner and I had the Chicken Tikka Masala, and it did not disappoint.
I'm not against Indian food, but given choices, I rarely put it on the top of my list.  For some reason, when I checked out this place, I decided to give it a try.  I thought it was good, not great.  The atmosphere was elegant so I was concerned I was dressed too casually, but noticed other people were dressed like me.  I enjoyed my meal, but like most India food, it not something that I crave for again.
We recently went there for dinner...The ambiance is good..its inside Rio casino...The food was pretty average...sarso da sag was good...Naan was good...other stuff was average...Honestly did not like samosas..fount it very greasy and stuffing was not great too....gajar halwa was tasty...over all very average food..but it was pricey though....you might wanna try buffet first. good luck
the food and ambiance...fantastic. I ordered my food spicy...and boy was it ever, on my return visit I'll go mild :-)
This place is super fancy Indian with prices to match. BUT that being said the food was incredibly delicious and the service was great. We went in with the $40-$20 groupon and still paid $58 and did not have anything but water to drink. 
I would recommend this place is you have an xtra $100 for really good Indian...
Try it out.
This place has gr8 food, service and ambience.  Hearty vegetarian as well as meat dishes.  Pricey because of prime location but you get nice portions and a classy place.  Buffet is first rate too.  Try the okra Marsala or any lamb dish.
After a horribly disappointing week of dining we found this gem tucked away inside the rio we arrived just in time for the lunch buffet it was the food highlight of our trip! Everything was full of flavor and wonderfully prepared! The staff was amazingly friendly can't wait to go back our next trip to Vegas!
Nice quiet spot in the Rio. Very affordable lunch buffet with sufficient selection. A great lunch option if you are looking for an alternative to the hectic atmosphere.
I've only had Indian food a handful of times in my life but this place was good. I don't have anything bad to say about it. For appetizers the Garlic Naan Bread, Bhaji onion ring type dish and the Vegetable Samsoa are all worth getting.  For main courses the Chicken Tikka Masala & Shrimp Vindaloo were both very good too.  

I would have to try some other places before I could compare it but I definitely recommend trying this place for yourself.  Service & Food both solid.
Very bad experience at Royal. Indian food is one of my favorites and I was very excited to find a semi-upscale Indian restaurant in a Vegas casino, but what a disappointment. I think we might have made a mistake going for dinner though. In my experience, Indian restaurants are typically better for the lunch buffet.

1. Service- I'm not really sure whether to complain about service or not. We were not really ignored, but at the time we were the only ones in the restaurant so not that hard. I also felt like the wait staff was trying to push me to spend more money the whole time. They asked if I wanted an appetizer 3 times, asked if I wanted a bottle of wine rather than a glass a couple times, asked if I wanted to add sides or extra bread and weren't clear if they would be extra charge. Just slightly annoying. Also my entree was pretty spicy and they kept letting my water go empty (again, we were the only ones there)

2. Food-  I ordered the goat masala, which was one of the 3 or 4 items under the menu section "specialties". When I see this in a restaurant I usually assume they mean these are their best dishes, the ones they are known for. The rice was pretty good. Its pretty hard to mess up rice. The naan bread was also pretty good. The sauce was a little spicier than I expected, but I liked it (and they did offer a milder version). The problem was the meat. I've never had goat before, but there has to be a better cut than what we were served (my dad got the same thing as me). It was some of the toughest meat I've ever had, and there were maybe 2 or 3 bites that were free of fat or gristle. The pieces all had a big bone in the middle and smaller bones throughout. I kept accidentally biting down on them and hurting my teeth. The masala also had no vegetables in it just meat and sauce which was disappointing, to me at least.
The worst of it though was how I felt afterwards. I don't want to say that it made me sick, but I spent a considerable amount of time late that night and the next day on the toilet, and I wasn't hungry the whole next day.

3. Price- The reason this place is getting the worst possible score. For two people, one glass of wine each and then water the rest of the time, entree with no appetizer, no desert it was $83.00. Add a 15% tip and you are getting close to $100. I am used to paying that kind of money to eat on the strip, but I expect a certain level of quality and service for that price, and it was not met here.

Bottom line is that I am not going back and I would not recommend it to anyone. At least stay way from the goat.
They had lots of selections so I really didn't have to try everything. I liked most of the dishes I tried.
I came here due to a groupon deal and it was overall just not that great. The decor is very nice and elegant but not reflective of the quality of food. The stand out items were the chicken wings and tikka masala.  The naan bread was too firm and just not fresh. The price to food quality ratio is not worth going. The venue is designated to cater to tourists and casino guests.
This is hands down the best masala sauce I've ever had, anywhere, period! The people are beautifully friendly and the number of vegan choices available is fantastic! I'll stop here every time I come thru town
I went to the Royal India Bistro for the lunch buffet today.  Lunch was very good and service was excellent. 

I was the first person here at about 11:30 but several tables were occupied before I left.  The server asked me for my drink order.  I got tap water which.  She then said they had a buffet and I replied that was the reason I was there.  She gestured for me to go ahead and start and she'd get my naan.

The buffet is small by comparison to other Indian buffets in town.  There are 8 hot dishes, some salad, and achaar.  It was a good enough choice and the good taste of the food made up for the limited selection.

The naan was buttered generously and was a welcome addition to the meal.

For my first trip, I got chicken tikka masala, malai kofta, and some basmati rice.  The thing I noticed about all of their dishes was they all had a nice spicy flavor.  It's not overpowering for people who like mild food but it had a definite tang and it was not just one dish but all of them.  It was the first time I know that I had malai kofta and it was really a treat!  The last thing was the vegetable pakora.  This was a bit disappointing.  I didn't read the full description because I know what it is.  The only vegetable I could see/taste was potato.  It seemed more like it was a pakora made from bread stuffing and some potato.

For the second plate, I had aloo matar, daal maharani, and curry chicken.  The aloo matar and curry chicken were good.  The daal was OK.  The sign said spicy lentils but this was the only dish that was lacking in spice.  There were some beans mixed in the daal, too.

For dessert I got some rice pudding and some carrot pudding.  The rice pudding was not labeled as kheer and it had a lot of liquid with less rice unlike kheer or rice puddings I've had before.  The carrot pudding, on the other hand, was very thick and unlike the carrot puddings I've had elsewhere.  Both puddings were very good--I'm not criticizing them but merely pointing out the different preparation.  I wish I had seen the achaar at the beginning of my meal.  I didn't think it would be as tasty with dessert!

Service as I said was very good.  When I went for my second plate, my dirty plate was removed and my water glass refilled.  The server was very pleasant.  The room is quite nice and it was very quiet.  

The price is just over $16 including tax.  For the limited selection, it's higher than most places.  Also, you have to park and walk your way through the casino to get there and it's right in the middle, halfway between either garage.

Still, I won't hesitate to stop here and I think I'll try it for dinner some evening.
Ah-mazing food! Nice and spicy (by request). Everything was perfect -- food, service, spot on! We WILL be back. It's worth a trip over to the Rio even if you're staying somewhere else! Fabby was fabulous -- great service!
Our waitress, Jazmin, was fabulous. She made some great suggestions after listening carefully to us about what we liked.

We had the fire naan, lamb rogan josh, and the vegetable korma. 

Let's just say that we stuffed ourselves with fantastic tasting food. 

If you are wondering where this restaurant is, you will find it in the Rio casino area.
This is a great little South Indian restaurant just two doors up from Wee Boulangerie on Clerk Street.  The Nilgris and Chettinadus (hot!) are incredibly flavourful.  The Nans are not like Nan's I've seen anywhere else, much more interesting.  Spinach dal is great - the spinach is lightly cooked rather than being wilted to death as in most places, and the dal a bright flavourful yellow.  All in all the food just comes across as fresh and original.  The portions are smaller than in many Indian restaurants, but so are the prices, which is great: you get to try more dishes without a larger bill.  Two of us ate for 20, but most would probably spend a bit more.

It's a small place and decor / lighting simple, and the staff are really friendly.  It only opened 1st March 2013, and has a 20% off discount all this month.  Oh, and no alcohol license yet, so BYOB which is another advantage in my book.
This is, hands down, the best South Indian food I've had in Edinburgh. Since trying a dosa last year, then exploring some of the hotter dishes from the region, and choosing from the overabundance of Indian restaurants in Edinburgh, when I heard The Cholas had opened also offering dosas, I made a booking as soon as I could.

And what I found wasn't just dosas, but lidls, and lots of other puffy bread products, and curries made the proper way - with chunks of spinach and simmered down lentils and still firm chickpeas, and each curry tasting entirely different to the last.

Even their drinks are homemade: the Cholas special, a tonic water with lime and mint concoction, incredibly refreshing. Then the lemon and ginger tea I ordered at the end being another home-made beauty. The Chai Latte is also made in house. The fact that The Cholas make everything themselves, and there isn't a Twinings teabag label in sight, really made me happy.

But the biggest happiness came from the food. So many Indian restaurants in Edinburgh, so many doing nice food that really is tasty. But here you'll fine coconut rice with mustard seeds, coconut flakes and almonds; or lemon rice with kaffir leaves and curry leaves and peanuts; or a Daal curry with whole chickpeas; or a chicken starter with a delicious dopiaza style onion sauce. The curries were hardly 'saucy' at all, as is often the case: big bowls of creamy, liquid sauce with chunks of meat. Oh no, these were mainly the ingredients - whether it was spinach and lentils, or chicken or chickpeas - being the centre of the dish, with hardly any extra, redundant, filler 'sauce'.

I didn't even try a dosa and I was already head over heels. The interior of the restaurant is quite bare and a bit personality-less. It was a night when it was blowing a blizzard of snow, and it was cold (no internal heating, although there was a small portable one). But the staff were so friendly, and the food just divine. I do hope they go from strength to strength and word spreads.

I'll be back, and soon, for the banana dosa dessert, and to try the 7.95 lunch deal. There's also 20% off in the whole of March.
After seeing Jenny L's review, I knew I had to come along. I am a massive fan of South Indian cuisine, so Edinburgh's dining scene is very exciting for me.

We came along, it was empty. This was probably because it's new and hasn't built up a reputation yet. The waiters were really friendly and the menu was very authentic. 

On offer are thalis, uttapams, idlis, dosas, various curries, and various other dishes you would find in Kerala or Tamil Nadu. My boyfriend and I went for the classic masala dosa, whereas our friend who is visiting from Milan opted for the chicken masala dosa. Dosas are fantastic, as the batter is made of rice and lentil flour, meaning there is no gluten inside! Yay! Unless you choose the rava dosa which is made partly of cream of wheat.

While waiting for our food, the waiter brought a plate of poppadoms, mango chutney, lime pickle and a minty raita. These dips were slightly less authentic, but went down well. It was especially nice as it was an unexpected treat. We also got given a glass of a sweet sparkling mint drink, which was very refreshing. 

The food arrived, and it was very nice. The dosa, whilst good, was not the best I have had in Edinburgh. That would be Tanjore or Kalpna, but it came close. Improvements? They could have supplied a little more sambar, made the dosas more crispy, and the masala filling could have been much spicier.... Maybe aiming at British tastes? Despite these little observations, it was very nice, and for a new restaurant they did a great job. I think that a few simple adjustments could be made to make this on a par with the best dosas in town. 

On the dessert menu: Gulab Jamun (deep fried sweet doughy things in a very sweet syrup) , payasam (milky vermicelli pudding with Cardamom), Kulfi (the most delicious pudding ever: a condensed milk ice cream that comes in either pistachio, badam (almond) or mango flavour, flavoured with spices like cardamom, saffron), a few standard ice cream options, and a regional dessert which I don't remember the name of which is made of rice and black lentils. I think it was a type of halwa. 

I'd love to come back to try the thalis, some of the other typical dishes, and chat with the lovely staff. I love supporting new South Indian restaurants, as so few people know what an amazing cuisine it is. There's more to Indian food than curry!
The Cholas has only been open for 20 days or so and last night was my second visit.

The food is is lovingly, beautifully prepared and served. It's all authentically Southern Indian as my friend who has travelled there confirmed.

Without a doubt the best Indian food I have experienced. As a previous reviewer mentioned the portions are smaller than you may find elsewhere and also slightly cheaper so it does mean you can try different things. On both visits my fellow diners and I haven't bothered with a starter course, instead we ordered lots of things to come at the same time so that we can share and try everything. There were so many interesting flavours to discover. They have some tasty teas and drinks too.

I can't remember the Indian names of the foods that we had last night from the top of my head. However we did have a seafood curry, a vegetarian curry, a bread thing that was utterly delicious!!!!, coconut rice (which I think I could just eat on its own), tamarind rice and a Dosa, which is a kind of Indian crepe. 

The decor is quite basic, it could put you off at first, but I can assure you without a doubt that it  will no longer matter when when the food arrives to the table - the world is a brighter happier place! Perfect for these chilly times in the burgh.

I think the gracious and friendly waiter adds much to The Cholas. He was exceptionally welcoming, but not overly so at all. I could tell that if we had hadn't been so interested to know about the food, South India and the new venture he would have been just as kind and efficient. He is clearly just as passionate about bringing this authentic cuisine to Edinburgh as the chef.

I hope they never compromise on the quality of their food. I hope it never streams out of the kitchen at warp speed in the form of lumps of meat floating in bland sauce!

I should also mention they don't have an alcohol licence however you can bring your own alcohol. 

I've been twice now, but would happily have anything I have tried so far again. Although there is still so much more on the menu I would like to try. 

This is the longest review I have ever written. In case it's not obvious - I really hope these guys do well. With so much passion for the food they make they absolutely deserve success. Plus my standards for good Indian cuisine has been raised to a level where if they leave I believe I would have to go to Southern India to experience it again.

.... 20% off during March too.
Had an amazing masala dosa in this small restaurant. It is clean and elegant, the staff are generous and polite, they've got a good selection of food and puddings in their menu, and the manager is very keen on chatting and answering any question one might have regarding the food. 
The prices are very reasonable and I couldn't find any fault in this experience.
I have been 6 times in 4 weeks. That's how much I really like The Cholas. As I said in my previous review, it's hands down the best South Indian food I've had in Edinburgh. 

If you think you know 'Indian food' this is very different to the 'British Indian' made up of heavy naans, chicken tikka massala and vindaloo. There are sauce-based curries, but also lentil and rice crepe-like pancakes called dosas, delicious small but buttery breads called paratha, desserts like Paniyaram and Gulab Jamun, and of course, Mango Lassis (a thick, not-too-sweet mango milkshake).

Since I've been so often, I can now recommend my favourites, having tried many things on the menu:

Vegetarian Curry Mains:

- Brinjal curry: aubergine simmered in tomato, quite sweet but also spicy.

- Channa Massala: chickpea curry. So flavourful.

- Dhal & Spinach: lentils simmered to a sauce with lots of spinach. Creamy (but without dairy) and a bit milder.

Meat Curry Mains:

- Chicken chetinadu: mostly sauce based, no veggies in the sauce, but sweet and spicy (it is spiced with pepper not chilli, so isn't too spicy)

- Lamb nilgiri: green in colour, flavoured with mint, but not overpoweringly so. The lamb is so tender.

Meat Mains (not curry):

- Lamb masala dosa. A large, thin crepe made of rice and lentil flour, fried in ghee and stuffed with lamb and potatoes and spices. It's gluten free and really filling. It comes with three types of chutney (one being coconut) and a small serving of sambar (lentil curry sauce).

Sides:

- Paratha: Non-wheat bread (so gluten free I think, made with corn) that is round, flaky and absolutely delicious dipped in anything.

- Coconut rice: all the rices come with spices, nuts etc. in them. The coconut rice is by far the best. No plain boiled rice here.

Desserts:

- Gulab Jalum: A very sweet, sticky, not healthy small donut-type ball deep fried then soaked in sugar syrup. Decadent.

- Paniyaram: Less sweet than Galub Jalum, a white small spongey ball with some sultanas in it, and spices. A bit lighter too.

Teas:

- Lemon and Ginger tea. Even this is home-made, no Twinings tea bag here.

I know I'm giving brief descriptions of each, but basically everything is home-made and with the best spices. Every single curry and dish I've had here tastes entirely different: no generic, red, creamy sauces with chunks of meat. Instead, you'll find star anise mixed up amongst the vegetables in your kurma, and mustard seeds in the rice.

Like I said, even the drinks are home-made (I'd also highly recommend their special lime drink, very refreshing) and you can see the put a great amount of love into the food.

The portions are a bit smaller but the prices are lower, which you means you can order more things to try and still leave very full but without overspending.

I can see myself returning here many times more, a lot. They know me by name now, and are always very welcoming and 'service with a smile' is done so with the most genuine of manners.

I'm so glad The Cholas opened, and long may it last!
We ate at this new South Indian place based on other reviews on Yelp, and then ate there again because it was so delicious.  We don't get a lot of South Indian cooking in New England so we just asked our server to bring us a good meal, half vegetarian half not.  Everything was fantastic, and he was great about encouraging us to eat things we'd never had before, giving us the choice of having it "British hot" or "Indian hot."  If you go, order a double order of the chili fried idli.  You won't be sorry.  Limited beer and wine menu, but the Cholas special mint drink was a great alternative.
I had heard amazing things about The Cholas and when myself and a friend were looking for somewhere to go we passed this place and I thought why not! It was empty apart from one other table. The waiter was very friendly and polite but was hard to hear as he talked quite low. I went for the Chicken Masala Dosa as I wanted to try something different and had heard so much about dosas. Although the place was empty it seemed to take a long time for the food to come out which I didn't necessarily mind but my friend had to catch the last bus home. I also found it a bit cold in the restaurant. While we were waiting we were given free poppadoms and then onion bhaji which was unexpected and very nice. The dosa was great and I'm glad I tried it out. I had a chai tea at the end which wasn't very flavoursome. I like mine to have a bit more punch to it. 

I was a little disappointed by the overall experience when I had heard so much good things about this place so I'll definitely have to go back again to hopefully change my opinion.
The food was really excellent. It's nice to try some of the more unknown Indian options, but something for everyone if you prefer the more tried and tested tikka masala. The staff were very nice and explained everything we were eating and answered all our questions without being too in your face. Perhaps the list of starters was a bit too long as it was hard to choose from so many options. I'll be back again as there's loads I want to try
This is THE best Indian food I have had anywhere, and from any region of India, bar none. The food is fresh, delicious and full of great flavours and colours. Everything is prepared fresh to order. The menu selection is very varied with lots of great choices. The staff are wonderful; very friendly, courteous and eager to create a great dining experience for you. The restaurant itself is nicely designed and set, and is very clean. Have been there twice already in a month's time. They have a great lunch and dinner menu, offer free delivery and catering, also. You will not be disappointed, and will visit often, I expect! Enjoy!
Popped in on the strength of the reviews here and had been trying to get here for some time, but due to one thing or another we never quite made it. By the time we all had a free evening to check it out we were really looking forward to the meal. 

Positive side first I went mainly for the dosa as for whatever reason there doesnt seem to be many places to grab a dosa in Edinburgh and I wasnt disappointed. I opted for the masala dosa which was just as I remember. Standard set of condiments and nicely spiced. A nice touch was the waiter informed us that they would refill the dips free of change as much as we needed. Before the food we were given poppadoms and dips. The dips were great in particularly the mixed pickle.

Unfortunately the other side of the experience was that the 3 curries we ordered really werent good. They were a Veg Chettinadu, Chicken Chettinadu and a veg biryani. All of them were riddled full of the cooking spices that are normally removed  before serving. Every mouth seemed to present some sort of raw spice from a full star anise to a the bark stuff I cannot remember the name of. This really wasnt pleasant. By the end of the meal we had excavated piles of inedible nonsense from our food. The curries them selves were okay I tried a bit of the Chettinadu and all I could taste was cinamon and star anise with a bit of heat on the back end... mmm.

I would go back for the dosa I guess, but that was it really. The service was good, the food as a whole wasnt and the 2 stars are for the service and the dosa alone eveything else was a thumbs down from me. :(
I had been wanting to try The Cholas for a while based on several recommendations over Yelp, and last Friday evening I managed to get there along with 2 other well tuned curry fans.

Entering the restaurant, we were faced with fairly standard decor. Woodchip walls, simple lighting and for some reason, adhesive gift bows stuck to the walls. We were sat at a table for four, which because it was an extendable table meant that I rather uncomfortably sat with my leg curled around the table leg for the duration.

The menu offers a nice variety of different dishes, and typical of Indian cuisine, veggies are very well catered for. Between the 3 of us, we ordered a veggie and a chicken chettinadu, a veggie biryani (all of which had the same sauce) and a dosa - though sadly just one of these dishes lived up to any sort of expectation.

The biggest problem with The Cholas is that they fail to remove any of the inedible pods and leaves before serving. This is either because they are rushing to get the food out to the punters, or this is a conscious decision to make the sauces differ from a jar Sharwoods sauce. This might be harsh, but the chettinadu sauce was identical to a pre-made vindaloo sauce. In either case, the last thing you want when dining in a restaurant is to be gouging pieces of bark out of your mouth.

By the end of the meal we each had piles of bits and pieces sitting on our side plates. Perhaps a spittoon would have been a more appropriate piece of crockery to have on the table!

Negativity aside, the dosa was apparently "great" and the service was very friendly. The accompaniments to the poppadoms and the naan breads were above average and their lime pickle was darned tasty.

I'm glad I went to try The Cholas for myself, and I'm hoping they were just having an off-night on Friday, but I don't think I will be heading back there any time soon.
The Cholas really sums up why I love Yelp. It's the kind of place you spend years looking for, but probably wouldn't give a second thought to if you just walked past it on the street. Step inside and it doesn't look a whole lot more promising - a small, narrow restaurant, with beige walls and splashes of dark wood straight out of the '70s.

It's really at this point, however, that the evidence of your eyes becomes much less important than that of your nose: aromatic south Indian spices, bubbling ghee, grilling meat and bread all jostle for your attention. If that's not enough to convince you to grab a seat (and if it's not, I really don't think we'll get on) the friendly, welcoming staff certainly will be.

So, to the food! It's basically everything I've been looking for in an indian restaurant since I moved to Edinburgh - interesting, authentic dishes with varied, distinctive flavours and textures, properly seasoned and sensible portion sizes. It's such a novelty to have dishes that aren't drowning in fatty unctuous sauces, generic spice blends and two-dimensional chilli heat.

The meat options are great, but it was really the vegetable dishes that stood out for me. Don't think I've ever had such an exceptional brinjal curry anywhere - the aubergine actually tastes of aubergine, and is balanced perfectly by the delicate smokiness of the fresh curry leaves in the thick, sticky sauce. The dals are also brilliant, perfectly seasoned and spiced, with real texture and an earthy lentil flavour that really complements the other dishes.

This is definitely my new favourite Indian restaurant in Edinburgh. It more than stands up to Mother India Cafe - my current spicy hangout of choice - and even some of Glasgow's best.

So, yeah, recommended.
The Cholas, on South Clerk Street, is a place which has built up a devoted following in the few months since it opened and hosted the Yelp team recently when I was away.
The Cholas' menu of south Indian dishes is extraordinary in its diversity, encompassing a huge range of cooking styles, ingredients and flavours. We enlisted the help of our waiter, to ensure that across our party we got a good variety of dishes to try.
We decided to try the new Paneer dhosa that isn't on the menu, it's a thin rice and lentil flour pancake with Paneer cheese and fried onions that was very tasty, especially with the cocnut dip, chutneys and sauces. MH opted for the king prawns, then the lamb nilgiri, I ordered the chilli idli, then the fish curry. The service was really friendly and the waiter very patiently explained what dishes would compliment our choices.
M's king prawns were good and the idli was a  spicy but really tasty but the fish curry wasn't as flavourful as I would have hoped. The lamb however was lovely.
So overall, The Cholas was a very interesting experience, as the range of dishes on offer was impressive though I think we need to go again to try more things, especially as the restaurant is such a new enterprise I think the food will only get better!
Cholas serves amazing South Indian food. I'm not usually into Indian food, but I was curious to try out this fairly new place after reading all the rave reviews. Well, I wasn't disappointed at all. 

For starters I shared a dosa which came with three different chutneys: coconut, mint and tomato. The dosa was light, crisp and airy - perfect.

For main dish I chose the lamb nilgiri with coconut rice. The flavours of this dish were just amazing.. I cannot fault it it any way - the only minor issue is that the lamb could have perhaps been a bit softer, but nevertheless I enjoyed it very much.

I've got a mission now.. I will have to come back and work my way through the menu - it's just too delicious not to!
I need to explain - I was invited to go here as a birthday present. The Duchess of The Cholas Tanja R was very convincing that I (as non enthousiast of Indian Food) would find this place as wonderful as she does. Especially the dosas.

Anita A. called ahead to advise we were bringing our own dessert - which was no problem (+1 Star)

So in a group of 6 we arrived at around 19:30 (you see where this is going - as I mention an arrival time) We were seated and I took a good look around the place. 

An elongated place with dark wooden tables on either side  and a dispensing bar/order section in the back on the way to the kitchen.
I was hoping to elaborate on the atmosphere, but there was none. No decoration of note - OK I lied, they used those shiny metallic wrapping stars you use on presents.. on the wall.. about 8 of them evenly spaced over the place. 

The table decoration was nicely done with the actual only bright colour in the place. Tanja R was warmly greeted by the owner / manager and was assured tonight was going to be a blast! 

That was a serious overstatement. 
I will not go in to many details but I mentioned the time of arrival and after ordering (he made a really clear show of repeating every ordered dish back to us)  and awaiting our starters,  we eventually got our starters at 20:45 WTaF?!  - We became a bit worried about what and why it took so long. As they kept forgetting water we asked for twice, and my beer had to be reordered too. 
Evident ally they were busy. However a table of 3 that arrived about half hour after us got starters at the same time as us! 

I was again assured by Menno V. Tanja R. and Anita A. that they had just recently opened and this is just unusual - however that statement was on shaky ground. When the main courses arrived (fairly swift after the starters) they managed to not serve mine.. I got the rice, but no main. I shared the meal of others. We did ask where my meal was an he said he was going to check and reorder. However we were thus far that all of the other diners already finished and my rice was also about gone - we cancelled my main meal, my birthday meal! Not impressed. I had to eat from other plates to have a meal on my birthday.. seriously. 
Fair does to the taste though as all the food we did have was very flavourful. (+1 Star) But it would have been nice to actually have my own meal. 
The Tiramisu that Anita made was very nice. 

Little in apologies was supplied and they actually put the missing dish on the bill.. at this point I started doubting the previous rating for Cholas of my fellow diners who even at this point still half heartily defended the place. 

Another disappointment was the toilet. Beside not being very clean, I was just washing my hands and hand dryer didn't work. (Yes Menno V. I did try to use the on switch) No paper towels, so I resorted to toilet paper, and the holder fell off the wall and onto the floor.. I tried placing it back. Didn't fit. Afterwards when going again it was back in place and at the first tuck it fell off again. 

So they kept telling that this place just opened and they are usually not busy. Well when 5 star reviews are set you better get used to being busy. And now with the fringe in town - people will look for good places to eat and look at that all important star rating. 

Even Tanja R & Anita A had to advise the owner/manager that they will have to avoid going here during the Fringe as they are not looking to repeat this experience. 

If they don't get their act together, my  review may not be the only one of its kind, but many more will follow!

I was so disappointed that due to all this waiting to get food - the whole evening was about over when we finished eating and we were too tired, too full (and miffed) to do anything else - well I did anyway. So home wards it was. 

It should've been so nice - and I was pleased to have my good friends with me. But any other place would've likely been a better experience.
When you regularly see smiling Indian faces as regulars the food has to be up to Mums standard !
 Also they support Marie Curie cancer care a worthy cause on presentation of a voucher
I magine when its busy you have to  wait longer to be served 

However be patient its good food and good value !

Try and taste the difference
Oh how the mighty can fall.

The Cholas was the newest opening in Edinburgh I was most excited about. It opened in March and I went about 6 times in 4 weeks, as my first review of it attests. I got chatting to the waiter, and learned that the chef was from South India and had been a South Indian chef for a number of years.

The food that was presented over the last 6 months at The Cholas was beautiful. Chana Masala chocked full of chickpeas. Chicken curries so delicately and intricately spiced. Paratha bread that was melt in the mouth delicious. Dosas that were crispy, and filled with flavouful potato or lamb.

But in the last 3 months, the food quality has reduced quite a lot, and in such ways that I can point out what has changed. The chana masala has about 1/2 has many chickpeas as it used to, and is far more a 'sauce' with some floating chickpeas in it. Before it used to be made up of almost purely stewed, soft chickpeas. The dosa once came (home delivery) with a lamb filling that had NO flavour or spice. They must have forgotten to add any spices, but it was tasteless. The chicken curries taste like standard "UK Indian" creamy, spicy curries but with no distinct flavour. The paratha is thicker, heavier, less buttery and fresh, and just not as great. The aubergine curry also has less aubergine in it. 

This used to be a restaurant that offered what many Indian restaurants in Edinburgh couldn't. Excellent Indian food, authentically cooked and spiced, with beautiful ingredients, good portion sizes with very unique dishes. The waiting time in the restaurant was lengthy, and the interior of the restaurant is also very 'lacking' and plain, but it was worth it for the delicious food.

Now, the restaurant is still lacking in decor, the waiting time is still very long, and the food quality has reduced so much that I don't want to spend 30 minutes waiting for it and really don't know if I'll go back. I've ordered (both sit in and takeaway) 5 times from them since I noticed the change in quality, each time hoping the last was a fluke. But no, it seems to be permanent.

This is almost like a break up. I'm sorry Cholas. You still serve totally 'a-ok' South Indian food. But it certainly isn't any different or special to anything else served in Edinburgh, and you used to have something that no one could imitate. Such a shame.
The dosa may be great, however the curries just lack due care and attention. A little cinnamon bark, cardamon pod or star anise might be ok, but not mounds of the stuff, while necessary for flavouring the food, for the most part this should be removed.

The curry also had an odd sweetness to it, despite being a supposedly hot dish, some of the heat was there but I was just to distracted removing the inedible... The chicken was only ok, certainly not the best meat I have had in a curry either...

All in all I can't recommend Cholas, particularly when there are plenty of other better curry choices in the area.
I have known them from their incubation days. Humble start up, nice people and they make great food. I ordered biryani twice from them (one for a big birthday party) and it tasted so authentic both of the times. Not so pricey and this could be very well one of the best biryanis in the valley. Just make sure to mention about the spicy/hotness level in the food when you order.
Wonderful and yummy biryani! We have had food catered from this group several times. Recently we ordered veg and chicken biryani. Both were delicious!
I placed an order 2 days in advance for my boyfriends birthday party by calling their number.  The guy on the phone was not prepared to take my order and instead of taking my order and information, the he asks me to send them my order via e-mail.  

Without much direction, I send an e-mail with my order.  I didn't check my e-mail within a day and my order was cancelled.  Regardless of the fact, that I called them immediately the following morning at 8:00AM and repeatedly calling and emailing again hoping to get my order through.  The guy finally calls by back at 3:30 informing me that he could not fulfill my order and that he had been away from his business phone and he had clearly lost number from before so he could not call me.  

Needless, to say I had no food for my party......
So after a couple weeks of me wanting a combination of wanting spice and buttery and salty things, all thanks to me being pregnant, my hubby FINALLY won in his mission to get me to try Indian Cuisine. Seriously. It was more of an off handed suggestion that we trade in my Chinese request for Indian and my spice craving offspring overtook my brain and the voice that yelped "YES!!!" sounded like something out of the exorcist.

A short time later we found ourselves at Bombay Palace, a brand new Indian restaurant my darling hubby had spied being built during our many trips to Big Lots (my obsession).

It took us quite awhile to be seated, another customer picking up catering goods actually flagged down the hostess who in turn seated us. They also obviously don't use their AC... Which made life kind of interesting and had me rolling up my pant legs under the table - a culinary experience FIRST for me.

My friend, who was joining us, and I inquired about foods that wouldn't burn our virgin (to Indian ;) ) mouths off and the hostess/waitress quickly sent the chef out who's a rather charming East Indian man. He guided us straight and true and suggested I order the Chicken Korma Curry in mild.

Mild did NOT mean watered down and Americanizes. It meant not fire in your face, but enough of a kick to keep life interesting.

Oh. My . God.

Seriously.

Oh. My. God.

I was born in the wrong neck of the woods.

Indian food is my new calling in life and I will NEVER EVER not trust my husband's culinary decisions EVER again! This restaurant is INCREDIBLE and I hope it stays forever, EVERYONE needs to try Bombay Palace and share it with everyone they care about because sharing is caring and this food totally equals LOVE.

I would so give it 5 stars if it wasn't for the slow start and lack of AC. Seriously. I'm in love.
The food was great. 

Nice , little clean place.
The menu lacks description , but I was able to ask the waiter about anything that sounded interesting. 

I will be back.
100% amazing, spicy (if you want), authentic Indian food. Take the lack of descriptions in the menu as a sign of the restaurant's authenticity and your opportunity to learn what some dishes are without a cheat sheet. The server will describe what things are if you have questions or, if you are ordering takeout, you can GFG it.

This is no longer Southern Spice, and the mediocrity of that other restaurant is no longer there, either.

We've ordered takeout several times through GrubHub and LOVED IT. They honor requests of spiciness and make it just right. Kormas, vindaloo, biryani, paneer or chicken tika masala, basmati rice and samosas have all been piping hot, fresh, served with love and absolutely delicious.

Go go GO. Forget any other restaurant that has ever been in that location.
Amazing food! They customize the spice level to your liking! Tried Hyderabadi Chicken Dum biryani and chicken chettinad! By far the best Indian food I've eaten in Tempe!!!
Meh. Service is attentive and eager but not too competent. (E.g. We ordered Cabernet and got tepid Chardonnay.) Food was so-so. Not as good as Delhi Palace. The spinach part of the palak paneer was reminiscent of school lunch spinach (maybe canned?); the amount of sauce in the lamb and chicken dishes was disproportionate to the meat--there were only a few bites of meat to a good 1.5 cups of sauce. None of the three curries or the birjani was memorable.
Went to check out the lunch buffet, appears to be out of business...no hours posted on the sign outside.
Best
Well shit, all good things must come to an end and I suppose favorite Indian restaurants are no exception. Maharana, isnt entirely bad ( good service, clean space food entirely worth 2 stars) but absolutely make no mistake, this place is not as good as the place that was here, that rhymes with Maharana. Its very obvious they are cutting corners on ingredients where previous restaurant may not have. Oddly enough we really noticed in the desserts. Rice pudding a little to cloyingly sweet, Gulab oddly metallic flavored. What was offered on the rest of the buffet was good, but again just a little less richly flavored than our party had been accustomed to. I hate to say it, but we will be moving on from our regular stop here. I hear there are a fair amount of Indian restaurants in Madison!
I
This place was really just okay.

Service was okay. Could have been better but it was decent. I was rather disappointed with the naan. It was super salty and I was pretty close to sending it back but I preserved and finished it. My eggplant dish was good. And there was plenty of rice to go around.

They deliver around Madison, which is a plus.
I drove to Inchins on their very first day and without a doubt it was very crowded. I had to leave the place without any dinner because I have a 7 month old son and he would not allow me to wait for a long time. No complains there. 
I came back on the upcoming Wednesday and the place had mild traffic. The service was terrific and we were served our food quickly. Service was very good and I commend the place for that. Not too sure how efficiently they would function in extremely high traffic. 

Moving on to the food: 
1) Not too spicy as you get it in India (but I dont mind that part) 
2) Generous portion sizes 
3) Good menu choices (vegetarian and non vegetarian) 
4) Prices: Not on the modest side. $10 for a starter is a little bit high for me. 
5) Additional sauces on the side are a big plus and improve the taste of the food.

Overall, I would recommend this place to anyone who would like to try out something new for a change. But if you expect spicy indianized chinese, this is not for you.

EDIT: Visited this location again. The staff was pleasant as usual, but the food is downright boring. The Chineese bhel was probably fried in used oil and the Chicken manchurian lacked any flavor. Not going back to this place. Boring...yawn!
Excellent food. We had been eagerly looking forward to its opening as we love their Atlanta branch. Food was spicy and very close to the Indian food we get back home. The kids loved the Gobi Manchurian appetizer. The chili chicken was fabulous and so was the burnt garlic fried rice. The hot and sour soup was meh. The quantities were perfect. So happy to have an Indian-Chinese place in Scottsdale.
So here's the deal with Inchin Bamboo Garden - the service on weekends is meh, partly because of the Indian mentality of not turning a guest (in this case a customer) away. American restaurants are very upfront about waiting time and solid about reservations, but Inchin on weekends? Not so much. I'm not sure if it is because they are brand new and trying to build a customer base or if it's a management problem. Either way, they should fix it soon because THEIR FOOD!

OMG! I think the Indo-Chinese food at Inchin might even be better than some that I have had in India. It was so good that we didn't even mind the can-be-better service. It was worth every minute of our wait. We got Veg Manchurian, Chili Chicken, Hakka Noodles and Burnt Garlic Fried Rice, and LOVED IT! In fact, we went this past Friday and I'm already craving their food. We might go back this weekend.

The place is worth checking out. If you are not up for a wait on a weekend, go on a weekday, but do go. Also, do let them know about the spice levels, just in case. Our food was spicy but we were okay with that.
Why, why, why do I always have "bizarre-o" experiences at restaurants?  I am beginning to think I am cursed! Is it so hard that I receive a balance of good customer service, good food and a nice atmosphere?  Is it too much to ask?  Really?  Read my other reviews and you will understand what I am talking about.  Dismal one and two star ratings, of otherwise highly rated restaurants!  Well, on to this story.............  I normally try to not frequent "chain" or "franchised" restaurants.  I don't like them.   When I go out and spend money, I want a chef preparing my food, not a cook.  If I want a cook to prepare my food, I will cook it myself - at home.  I am a cook, not a chef..............  

I visited Inchin Bamboo Garden on 8/1/2013 with a group of co-workers celebrating a birthday lunch.  The birthday person chose the place.  It was noon and the place was completely empty when our party of 9 arrived.  We chatted a bit and then placed our order.  We all ordered off the lunch menu which included soup, a choice of rice and the entre.  One of my co-workers was worried about the spice level of the black bean sauce in one of the vegetarian dishes and asked if she could have the sauce on the side.  About 15 min after we had all placed our order, the waitress came back and said she could not get the sauce on the side.  Hmmmm, why?  It was just sauce?  So we asked to speak to the manager as we felt this was not an unreasonable request.  The manager, begrudgingly, came over and said they could not serve her black bean sauce on the side because they are a franchise restaurant and they use prepared powdered mixes and it reconstitutes as they cook the dish.  Oh yeah, that sounds yummy!  NOT!  Oh, BTW - That was the LAST time we saw the manager.

About 40 minutes into our wait, still no soup.  Nothing.  Then SOME entres start coming out.   I got mine, and I said to the waitress, "Shouldn't the soup come first?"  She said, "Yeah, usually".  Usually?  OK, whatever.  Out of the 9 of us, 5 got entrees AND soup, the other 4 had nothing not even the soup!  One of my co-workers ordered the chicken curry and her teeny, tiny bowl was only a tad over half full.  I will attach a picture.  Yes it was so pathetic I took a picture, the picture time stamp was 12:41 PM - make note of this.  My portion was small, but at least I got my full portion.  I ordered the Sliced Lamb Hot Garlic.  It was ok.  The rice was terrible!  I ordered the fried rice; it was dry, cold and flavorless.  It was like it had been made the day before and thrown onto my plate.  The hot and sour soup was cold on top and smoking hot in the middle.  It was not very good either.  I wanted to eat, I was hungry, but as my 4 other co-workers sat soupless and foodless - I held off.  So we waited, and waited and waited about another 15 minutes.  Finally the waitress brought 3 of 4 soups but still no entrees, one "lone" co-worker still sat with nothing.  We all had meetings and had to get back - so we had no choice but to ignore etiquette and start eating.  Then magically, one more lunch was served from the kitchen-which ended up not being what she ordered, but she accepted it anyway.  And then there were three, one co-worker still with no soup OR entre!  We asked the waitress what the heck was going on? The waitress then told us that all our food WAS ready at the same time, but 4 of the 9 entrees were delivered to other tables.  What other tables?  There wasn't anyone else there when we ordered?  There was now ONE other table of people, but did they really have our food?  What was the coincidence of them ordering the same items?  Finally, at 1:03 PM, the last 3 entrees came out from the kitchen-sadly one had to be in a "to-go" bag because she had no time to eat because of her meeting and had to get back to work.  The other two co-workers just ate fast.  At the end of this horrible experience, they did comp the 4 missing meals and after asking they took 10 % off my bill - geez thanks.  The waitress made mention that the manager sent her out to us to apologize and to let us know that 4 servers quit that morning and they had to use kitchen staff to help run the food.  Well there were only 2 tables of people TOTAL, how many servers do you need to wait on 2 tables?  There were other people I saw working there doing nothing.  And what about the manager?  Where the heck was he?  Why wasn't he helping?  Never once did he come over to apologize, but instead sent the waitress out to do that for him?  Isn't that HIS job?  All he did was hide in the kitchen.  Truly terrible experience.  Ironically, the girl who had to get the "to-go" order and never got any soup, is from Seattle and she says that she used to frequent the franchise located there and said that it was wonderful!  Hard to believe that is true with the comedy of errors at this place!  This is a DO NOT RETURN - DNR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Food is really good. But the service is aweful. I don't understand what part of restaurant service they don't get. They have such good food and I hope they don't screw up with the service and drive away the customers forever. I may be one ov those if they continue with this type of ridiculous service .
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that any foodie from India must be in want of good Indo chinese food. And Oh I have waited for that in Phoenix for the last 6 years I have been here. I have finally been rewarded. 
We had a good dining experience last Friday when we went for dinner. The sweet corn chicken soup, drums of heaven and salt and pepper shrimp were all quite comparable to what you get back home. 
For entrees, we had the chicken manchurian, chilli chicken and chilli shrimp. Unfortunately, all of the gravy, while tasty, tasted alike. Would have probably given a 3.5 star due to this but am feeling generous. The burnt garlic fried rice and hakka noodles was very good. They also have their sauces on the table so you can customize as you want. Serving size is decent. 
Service and decor is very nice. 
TIP!!!  Please make reservations prior to going here, they either overbook on the reservations or are really busy. We walked in without a reservation and had to wait almost 40 minutes to be seated. 
Will return whenever the craving hits again.
Did not even get to a table, despite having called an hour before and asked for a table for 7 at 7! The female on the phone told me that they were not taking any more reservations but for us to come on in and they would seat us.
Upon arrival there was no greeting from any of the staff. I walked up to the person who seemed in charge and had to get his attention as he was more involved with another (yawning) employee.
I won't go into any further details but I see the common thread about poor service in all the reviews! I concur.
I think this is one and only Indo-chinese restaurant in Phoenix area. Nice and clean place. Food was really good. We went on a Thu with reservation and was not crowded. 

Try the Manchurian Chicken ... Tasty
Indo-Chinese cuisine is pretty popular in India especially in the South India. I've been wondering why there are so few of them here in the US when the Indian diaspora is increasingly south India. If you are expecting the American chinese or real chinese cusine, you will be very disappointed.. but if you know what Indo-Chinese tastes like.. this place is pretty close to what it should be.

Went here with a big group and tried almost everything on the Menu... loved their appetizers, and all their fired rices tasted similar. Their spice level is pretty mild and the sauces that they put on the table are very tasty. I am sure it's not the food you should be eating all the time being deep-fried and all but it's a great guilty pleasure if done once in a while.

The service was good albeit a little slow. The restaurant get packed so, having a reservation definitely helps.
Uh-oh, now bear with me for a second.  

I went in for lunch a few weeks ago and stood at the front for about 10 minutes before finally leaving.  Ok, it was probably 5, but when you're waiting it seems like twice the time, and either way 5 was too long.  Strike One.  

The place still has intrigued me-so I decided to give it a second chance, if only for some take-out.  So I walk in around 7pm, and grab a menu from the bartender. I decide to order the friend won-ton and the....well, I asked her about the Singapore Shrimp.  She had absolutely no idea what it was.  I then asked her about the won-tons, and she did ask me if I wanted vegetarian or chicken, so she knew the won-ton.  While she was very nice, not knowing a product on a menu isn't really acceptable in a restaurant like this.  She fumbled around for a while until she could get someone to explain it, so at least she was trying.  Not her fault- but is very indicative of the management.  That needs to be fixed. Strike Two. 

Anyway, I got the food home, and whoa,..180 reversal!  The wontons were perfect (chicken), and not what you'd expect.  Very tasty and almost light- they were excellent.  And then I got to the shrimp, and it was also really good. It wasn't as spicy as I wanted, but it was plenty spicy enough-I just like xxxxx hot.  The texture was great, the shrimp were large and all-in-all it was enough food.  I will go back, but if they continue to have service issues they will fail.  

I
My husband and i went for dinner at Inchin last evening. We arrived at 8 40pm and the place was packed, we were seated at the bar until we got our table.
We had a few daiquiris and margaritas- nothing special there.
For appetizer we had the fried chicken wantons. They were deep fried, as hard as rocks, i could taste nothing. We also tried the mixed fried rice, and scjezuan chicken. The rice was not too bad, it was un oily, which i appreciated. The chicken was  good too, reminded me of the Chinese fare i am used to from eastern India:)
All in all, the food was ok, the place is a little un managed though. There were folks who were party of 4, seated at a 6 person table, thereby wasting two seats, those could have been pulled out to make a makeshift table,which would have reduced the wait times.
Ambience was great but food was very mediocre. The noodles tasted good. I didn't like the Manchurian. Food was very spicy.
Great food as always in every Inchins location same spicy level and good amount for lunch serving .
Had crispy chili honey chicken with hot and sour soup and chicken fried rice taste will be mouth till dinner .
I will never go back.  I said I would give it another chance (which I shouldn't have) after my last review and I did that.  More of the same.  Terrible service.  Took 5 minutes to even be greeted to get my take out.  Then the person behind the bar said and I quote "yeah, it will likely be 25 minutes before we can even start your order".  This is too bad, but three strikes and you're out.
Yummy spicy food - reminds of chinese food in India. Really good food and  ambiance, service ok but can be better.
Great Chinese food in Indian style. I and my friends were dying to eat indo Chinese food from a long time and we are glad to find this place. Chicken schezwan and American chopseuy were amazing. Would recommend to all Indians.
Really need 1/2 stars here, more like 3 1/2.  This is not a Chicago restaurant  but for dumbed down Scottsdale it is decent.  At least there are some interesting choices and the food is pretty tasty.  A bit heavy handed on the salt or soy I think, but some good flavors.  I chose the hottest dished available, and they were still not very hot for me, but I could add some of the table sauces and that did it.  My hsb likes blander dishes like the stir fried beef.  The chicken and beef were good quality, not grisly like some places.  Our service was fine, we had a really pretty Indian-American girl who was on the ball.  The place was 1/2 full Saturday when we came in at 7:30 then really got busier.  Most of the patrons were ethnic which isalways a good sign.  But most appeared to be of Indian heritageor that neighborhood, not Asian.  Anyhow, we'll try it again.  There is really slim pickings wth this type of food here.
I have written this before, but will write it again that.. in Phoenix, an Indian restaurant would not suffer on Bad Service. An Indian restaurant will probably suffer on bad food only. 

I mean all Indians loves the indo-chinese food, it is greasy, it is fried but still we love it. Inchin has a great variety for vegetarians, no problems with food at all. It is yummy. The soups and appetizers are great, the entrees are great too. I mean nobody else is serving this stuff, so of course Inchin has an edge over other Indian restaurants. The portions are big, so you would definitely pack some home for next day.. 

We have been here 2-3 times. One of which was the new year's eve, too many server girls moving around, we were taken to our seat as we had a reservation, the restaurant was not completely packed as yet, but this lady never returned to us with menus. The girls were just moving around in groups, just chatting away... not looking or going to customer's seats at all to ask them... whatever... I did not see any manager who would at least just tell them what was needed to be done... anyways we got our menus and ordered, the food took forever to come. Overall service is not that great, but not absolutely pathetic, so i go for 4 stars.
Five stars coz there isn't anything higher than that!  Excellent food,  very professional service and perfect ambience.  Best place for Indian chinese food hands down!  We drive all the way from Gilbert for this food!  Great job!  Love their veg coin manchurian and lat mai paneer!
The soups and sauces are full of cornstarch and have a gooey consistency...would we ever go back?..NO
Giving two stars only because the food was good. Not great, but good.

Pros: 
Good food

Cons:
Horrible service
Late food. Took almost an hr to get the food. 
Servers are not even bothered to ask once they take the orders 
Our server took wrong order and then had to replace the food
Server didn't even know how to place the food on the table(slams the plates all the time), chewing gums. No etiquette at all.

Is it worth a second visit? Only when I'm craving for a indo-Chinese food
So freaking excited that we finally have an indian-chineese fusion place around here!  My wife and I love indo chineese... it's one of the fusions we look forward to on all our trips to india.  With these two countries neighboring each other it's not surprising the flavors are compatible and can cross pollinate so well.  The only real question is why hasn't it picked up more in the US.  

That said, Inchin Bamboo Garden is a breath of fresh air in the relatively mediocre indian food options we have in the Phoenix area. Hallelujah!   

That said, they're not quite into our regular rotation for a few key reasons.

1) The service needs some work.  Too often we found ourselves waiting for soda/water refills, etc.  This might be because the location was relatively new when we went there, so I'm willing to not slam them on this as much as I would a more established place.  Pick it up guys.

2) Some of the dishes seemed to err just a bit on salt/msg side common in some cheaper chineese restaurants. Again, they were new and were probably still dialing things in.  

All that said, those draw backs weren't really bad enough to prevent us from going there again...   Because honestly the food is that much fun!  And vegetarians... EAT HERE!! LOTS OF NUMMY NUMMY GOODNESS for you :) 

And protip:  Chili Paneer.   YUM YUM!! EAT IT!
The food here is fantastic.  Indochinese food is a unique type of cuisine you can't find everywhere.  The flavor profiles are interesting and complex.  Good decor and good prices.  Friendly staff.
New location near my office in Scottsdale. We ordered 3 items for to-go lunch, fried egg plant, Chili Chicken and Shrimp Szechwan style.  All 3 were swimning in gooey sauces.  Two of the sauces tasted identical.  Eggplant was good, but there were only few pieces and it was smothered in dark sauces.  Not sure why all are so soupy?  

Reading from all the reviews here, I wonder if I went to the same Inchin's Bamboo Garden?  What's Indo-Chinese?  I went in with open mind to try new cuisine, may be Indo-Chinese isn't for me.  May try again, though.

Sunny Az
Amazing place.... the first place i liked that actually serves indochinese food... Their schezwan chicken and burnt garlic fried rice are remarkable.. Also, they are quick with service and quantity of food is worth what you pay for... All in all great place!
The chili chicken was delicious.  Reasonable portion size.  Good Indian/Asian beer selection.  Definitely will come back and try other dishes.  Quiet, attractive decor.
Great food!! Service could be more proactive. 

We got the 'Drums of Heaven' to start with. They were very well seasoned and full of flavor. For our main course we had Chicken Manchurian which was decent but the Cauliflower Manchurian was definately a better dish. Hakka Noodles, american chopsuey were decent as well. Overall it was a good experience and I will be dining there again.

Also, it would be nice to have some outdoor seating
Very quiet over lunch hour. Was exactly what I was looking for too. However I hope they aren't relying on their lunch crowd for business, because it's lacking. 

The food was great. $8.10 for soup, veggie egg roll and mixed veggies and brown rice. 

Ladies working were super nice and I enjoyed their company while sitting at the bar. 

I'll be back. Super spicy just the way I like it!!!
The food was great.  Was little oily but tasted really good. The service was also fast. I felt it was little expensive especially the gratuity they added themselves for a party of 5. On the whole a must try place.
Phenomenal!! Been here twice, it's about a half an hour drive from me, but IMO it's pretty worth it. I am not an expert on Indian and Chinese cuisine, but this fusion was just very flavorful and tasteful. They have this paneer cheese appetizer and it tastes so savory and the texture is perfect. It's a bit spicy, but I love the heat. 

The first time I went, it was a Sunday evening and it was Soo packed and it really affected the service. It was understandable, and it looked like it was taking a toll on our server. But the food really outshined.

The second time I went was the following Tuesday, believe it or not. It was Soo much better and calmer. It was such an enjoyable experience. There was this server who brought the food out and really took his time to set the plates of food down equidistant from all other plates. It was strange, but pleasantly appreciated. The server that took our order was very friendly too and offered really great recommendations. I cannot recall the names if the dishes, but one of my favorites was a fish in a chili cream sauce. 

I'll be coming back!
Great place for Asian cuisine. If you order fiery, have a glass of water next to you - it really will be fiery! Overall ambience is very nice however the music killed the mood. It's a very warm, cozy next to the fireplace type of ambience with Rihanna playing in the background. It was out of place. 
Overall great place for lunch and dinner with friends and family
Tried the American Chopsuey, tad too much sweet sauce for my taste.
The fried rice was spiced right
One of the best places in US that serves Indo-Chinese food. The other place that comes to mind similar to Inchin is the Chinese Mirch on the east coast. Out of the two Inchin wins in the food quality and taste and the options. Also it stands out pretty well in terms of the ambience and service. 

The pan fried chilli paneer and 'drums of heaven' are the shining stars of the big menu. Schezuan fried rice and cauliflower manchurian fares out pretty decent too. If you are in the phoenix area, Inchin is definitely worth the trip.
Went for dinner last night and the place did not disappoint! We were a big party, but were lucky enough to get one of those big booth tables, and got some privacy from the rest of the hall. 

The food was delicious and the best Indian Chinese I've had in the US. My personal favorites are the Chili Chicken, Chili Potatoes, and the Basil Chicken Rice!! So good!

Our Server was pretty good too! Yes, it takes a while for the food to get served, but hey have you seen how busy they are on weekend nights!? We waited for a bit, but the food was definitely worth the wait! Oh btw, while you wait, you can always read up on Chinese signs and pick on people at your table ;) haha!

Definitely Recommended!
They have gone from a variety of sauces to nothing.. I mean nothing not even plain chili sauce. 

Sucks!
One of a few restaurants that offer Indianised Chinese food. This is as good as it gets. I came here skeptical, but left a fan. Everything we ordered was good and tasted great. The ambience is also very nice. If you have never tried this cuisine, I highly recommend that your try it here.
The Paneer Appetizer was amazing. Just loved it . Entree was just fine. Service was slow , Maybe we reached very close to the closing time. Ordered a Mango Mojito - which was basically Mango frutti ith a hint of Bacardi. In short wasnt worth it. 
I would recommend it - as a one time visit , as it is the only Indo -Chinese restaurant around.
This was my first taste of Indo-Chinese food after coming to the United states, so there may be a possibility that my opinion is slightly biased. Firstly, the ambiance is definitely worth mentioning. I wasn't dining in and so cannot comment on the service, but the lady who took my order was very courteous and welcoming. They even accepted my yelp coupon and gave me a 10% discount. The food (dinner order of a starter, rice and curry) was sufficient for 2 people easily. The starter (chicken 65) was excellent. The rice too was pretty spicy and good. The chicken curry (I guess it was chilly chicken) could have been better. The pricing was definitely not cheap, but again wasn't too expensive either. So, considering I have this place less than a mile away from home, I don't think I have any complaints.
This place is Indo-Chinese. Very nice dcor, cool atmosphere.  

If you like Indian, Thai or Chinese food you will probably like this place. The food has a lot of flavor and spice to it. If you are Indian, this is like little India inside with all the clientele, so a great place to take your Indian parent who are SUPER picky. 

One note, their apps are better than their entrees. I think they do dry currys the best but with wet currys they are not as good.
If you love spicy food..this is the place to be.... the chinese food has indian touch to it which i simply love and die for... portions are little small for the price.. but thats all i can have with so many chillies added :)... washrooms have to be worked on.. have to be cleaner..and there was NO diaper changing table..which was a discomfort
Loved the pan fried paneer and the hakka noodles!
Main Points:
-Unique cuisine with a great ambiance
-Offers different sauces at table to customize flavors
-"Family style" servings make it good for groups

Review:
Inchin offers a wide variety of fusion Indian/Chinese food, with the focus leaning more towards Chinese cuisine.  I tried a few vegetarian and non-vegetarian dishes, and all were appetizing. My group particularly liked the Crispy Lamb Peking! The ambiance was very appealing, modern Asian decor, great for a date when you're tired of the same old food/restaurant choices.

The "burnt garlic chili fried rice" sounded like it would be amazing, but there wasn't really much substance to it - just lightly flavored rice with a hint of chili spice.  Also some of the entrees, though they were different sauce choices, tasted almost identical if not for the different meats selected.  However, the tables come equipped with a variety of sauces, so you can customize your meal to your taste.  

Definitely give this place a try, you'll be happy you did!
Our office has been going to this place for almost 2 years and we loved it. They have recently moved the location to Cactus and have adopted the "Chipotle " style of serving and scaled back the menu. We had it for the first time since the change and we wont be going back..ever. :( Very sad.
At the Tatum store the food/service were always good.  That is no longer true.  I wanted something light, so I ordered the lentil soup.  It was extremely watery with tons of salt, in fact I think it had more salt than lentils.  The lentils were not even cooked thoroughly.  It was so bad, I asked to exchange it and they refused.
My dining companion had a rice bowl.  The rice was undercooked and barely warm.  She tried all of the sauces, and liked the curry, spinach, and vindaloo.  The masala was too sweet.
Loved the location on Tatum and shea but since they moved and adopted a new "chipotle" style concept it has completely gone down hill. The food is bland and sitting in containers for who knows how long. What a disappointment and I will not be going back or referring it to my friends.  Bring back the old restaurant and awesome cooks where everything tastes fresh and hot!
What a disappointment at Bombay Spice Grill tonight. We were fans of the full service restaurant that operated nearby, but the change to fast-casual misses the mark completely. I am going to assume that the restaurant group behind the treasured Roka Akor and Nobuo is no longer affiliated with Bombay Spice. 

What a change from the attentive servers and the well thought out menu, the hip decorations and carefully programmed music. The place has all the vibe of the DMV, with glaring CFL lighting and sparing decoration. This just opened and the walls had marks and the floor was worn in spots. The serving plates and utensils seemed to be of the lowest grade, while the napkins were just a little larger than a paper bar napkin and not as soft. The hot samosa melted the tines of the fork! 

We went there knowing that they made the change to the concept. I get the Chipotle - style ordering and was able to figure out what I wanted. I had chicken masala over rice, while the lady had the same with steak, plus veggies. We also ordered one naan and some samosas. We both found that the rice was old and dry and the meat overcooked. The naan was half a piece, cut in half. The samosas were dry and overcooked and weren't ready until we were about to leave. We were nickel and dimes for all these extras, including sauces. 

Bombay Spice, I will give you one more try in a month. If the food is better,I'll consider you an alternative to the sub shop next door. I'll order a $7.00 plate of food. You'll never sell me any go-alongs and I'll never bring a group of friends, as I did withe the old concept. You're not a cool wine bar with healthier Indian food, anymore. 

Also, don't eat outside. That parking lot has smelled like sewer since 1985.
Major Fail! once a frequent diner at the old sit down dining bombay spice on Shea, I ventured here hoping to find the same delicious flavorful healthy Indian food. Instead I found an Indian restaurant set up like a chipotle, but not executed nearly as well. The food lacked flavor and the portions were much smaller than the old location. My heart is broken I love love loved the old bombay spice. :(
My wife and I have what we call good "food-dar".  If we hate the look of a place, we usually avoid it, and the accompanying bad experiences.  Date Night at the old Bombay Spice was a tradition with their healthy menu, great atmosphere and excellent wines.  We tried out the new location with the expectation that we would be happy.  What a terrible disappointment.
This review really breaks down into two categories:  what we think about the establishment as it is now, and how it compares to the old place (which was a solid 4-5 star rating).
We walked in and were greeted by Ray, the head cook from the old Spice.  He has real skills, so we gave him a chance.   But alarm bells were going off.  The sauces had brown deposits around their edges in the warmer.  The meats had been there for a while.  We ordered masala with chicken, chickpea ceviche and some samosas.  Another guy was there, but not really helping.  Just standing around.  Ray explained that this was a "Chipotle-style" program now.  My immediate thought was that it was an affront to Chipotle to even compare.  Maybe theoretically.  "Chipotle-esque", perhaps.  Our food was slopped into some pretty nice take-out containers (we kept them, as they are washable), and we headed for the table.  The masala was awful.  If that sauce is not out of a can, then they should move up to canned sauce.  The rice and quinoa were dry.  The chicken was grainy and flaccid.  The samosas were starchy, spice-less and pulpy.  The chickpea ceviche had all the flavor of canned chickpeas.  No tamarind sauce was present.  We doctored up the masala with hot sauce to make it edible and took a few bites.  I looked at Val.  She glanced at the door.  Ray smiled at us.  We were trapped.  Please understand that if you give that chef good ingredients, he is a magician.  But if you cut your ingredient costs to the bone and buy garbage, that is what you will serve.  Pre-make everything, and it slips further downhill.  The veggies were clearly a heavily spiced food-service Vegetable Medley.  Is anyone in the Paradise Valley area looking for a talented chef?  Save him from this hell.  Please.  And let all the former Spice customers know so we can come to your place.  
I said I would compare this to the old Bombay Spice.  But it's not worth it.  They are not at all the same thing.  There is no atmosphere.  No wine bar.  No lovely, caring servers.  But it costs pretty much the same.  Not.  Awesome.  It is like running into your high school girlfriend, the one who was the love of your young life, and she is a toothless meth addict trying to get a stolen ATM onto her bicycle.  That's how much I hurt for you, Bombay Spice.  Tough love time.  You have gone from being my favorite Indian place to the single worst Indian food I have ever eaten.  I have heaved out my guts in a hotel bathroom after eating better Indian food than this.  So I am cutting you off.  Don't call me.  Don't email.  I loved you so much that I can't see you like this.  Maybe some day I will see golden light pouring out of your windows and happy customers sitting at the bar, drinking great wine and eating fantastic food.  And I'll come in.  Maybe we will be friends again, but it will never be what it was.  Goodbye.
What a disappointment!  They changed to a "fast food/cafeteria" style of service. Which you know actually means less service for you. Their old place was nice since you had table service from a very nice menu and you were able to sit and enjoy your meal. Now it's just "rush in/rush out" and the experience is far from enjoyable. I've recently seen this style of service at an Indian restaurant near my home and they have closed within a few months of opening. The portions are smaller, the menu selection reduced to a few basics, and the prices are ridiculous for what you get. And they promote "healthy" but no longer offer stevia as a sweetener, instead your choices are sugar or health damaging chemicals as a substitute. Does any if this make sense to you?  If not, then go elsewhere. Heck, Chipotle is just across the street and they have better food and value for your money.
Hugely disappointing. Big fans & frequent customers of the Tatum/Shea location for years. This new concept is a bust. Small portions, limited food options, plastic ware everywhere. Sad to say - we won't be back.
I've been to the old location and loved it. When I saw that it was opening up a wee bit closer to my house, I was ecstatic! But that didn't last very long when I showed up and saw what the place had turned into... It's no longer a place I want to bring my friends to. It's a fast food joint now and it's quite disappointing. The last 2 times I was there, the meat and tofu was dried up and the quinoa as well... I think I would much rather go next door to Genghis Grill than eat dry Indian food that has been sitting out for who knows how long. Even the samosas were cold! I don't even want to order wine to pair my food in a plastic container... One cashier said they were going to change it up and go back to the old ways but I don't see that happening anytime soon... I'm gonna give the place one more try before I go looking for a new Indian restaurant.
It's with a heavy heart that I bring you this review of the once-beloved Bombay Spice. You're dead to me now. 

I was a huge fan and frequent diner at the old location. I loved bringing friends there and my husband and I enjoyed the Wednesday date night special on more than one occasion. Unfortunately, those are just memories. 

There is no way I would go here to enjoy a glass of wine and samosa or curry. 

This new location looks like a crappy diner and the "chipotle style" order line just misses the mark. The servers literally just dump food into the to-go containers and man the till.   The food quality and quantity has plummeted...not to mention the lost appeal of FRESH food. I have some friends who eat a vegan diet and they appreciated the ability to request modifications to their meals. Not such, any more.  The lentil soup was reminiscent of the old recipe but came with about three bites and was bland overall.  

RIP, Bombay of Olde.
I think it's unfair to judge the new restaurant and the new concept by the old location.  The food in the new location is fast, fresh, healthy, the portion substantial (I'll eat my leftovers for tomorrow's lunch!)  and most importantly FLAVORFUL!  The chicken was truly grilled to perfection with wonderful spices blackening it a bit, the veggies, even though in a warming dish were crunchy, spiced (not spicy hot though) and cooked just right (chick peas, carrots, broccoli, and cauliflower) and all were fantastic and appropriate.

What a wonderful alternative to Chipotle, burgers, pizza, fast food, and all of the sub chains in the area and certainly a LOT healthier, less expensive and quicker than Ghengis Khan next door.  Yasu's is the only other alternative for a  "good" lunch, everything else is just standard.  

I had been to the old location once, several years ago, and while I LOVE Indian food, and thought there's was pretty good,  the environment was sterile, the food overpriced, and the sit-down experience awkward (say compared to an Indian buffet where you know what to expect or an upscale Scottsdale eatery of which the old location was neither).  

I think this concept makes the flavors of India more accessible to the common man or those intimated by an Indian buffet or a more "Persian" style sit-down place who might otherwise be intimated.

I REALLY encourage anyone wanting something fast, fresh, healthy and a little different to try this place and I hope it stays around giving us PV/Phoenix/Scottsdale folks a VERY nice, affordable, tasty alternative to pizza, burgers and subs.

Only suggestions are:  

1.  The menu board needs descriptions of the flavors to help the intimidated.  What kind of curry is it?  Red, Yellow, etc...  What does Marsala taste like or what is it made of.  What the heck is "Vindaloo" any ways?  Also, why no Tikka?  that should be standard or maybe I missed it.

2.  I like SPICY.  Please, let each of the dishes be "spiced" up to taste, kind of like traditional Thai fair (1 = mild, 3= medium and 5=extremely hot)  

3.  I agree with the one "don't nickel & dime me to death" comment.  At least sell me a "combo" where the bowl comes with Naan bread (who eats Indian food WITHOUT Naan bread?!) or the wrap comes with a Samosa or a drink or an optional side of rice.

4.  Don't forget to put a fork and napkin in my "to go" bag or mention it, just in case I forget like I did today!!!
Such a bummer! Turned a nice restaurant with delicious food into a fast food joint with mediocre food. Booooo!
I never went to the original location, and frankly don't know what all the crybabying is about; you can see what this place "has become" as the full restaurant is viewable from the entirely-windowed front of the place. 

Anyway, this place is kinda lame and possibly misleading; it urges you to "Think healthy!" with that phrase plastered on the windows in a very obnoxious repeating/subliminal pattern, but this is some of the most greasy Indian food I've ever had. I don't get why the spinach sauce has to be so oily; maybe it makes sense for masala as it uses butter or cream or something, but  I felt like they just went nuts with the oils in the sauce. Seems to me that adds a lot more calories than what they post.

The TV plays this hilarious but demeaning Indian TV channel that shows Indian gangster rappers or something. It's wild and probably off-putting to the high-brow folks who have given this place a bad review based on its past incarnation. I just think it's stupid and silly, not sure what the owner's thinking.

Despite the hoity toity crowd's whining, they are right about one thing: This place is fastfoodish. Looks like all the fixins come from a bag, and it's like a hospital cafeteria. Sure am glad my entree was free with some card I got to try the place; anyone who pays for this is a sucker!
Great food, reasonably priced and large portions. I like the wide assortment of grilled veggies as well as the addition of tofu as a protein option. Choose a base (quinoa, brown or basmati rice), a protein (beef, chicken, tofu), choose your veggies and a sauce -- or as I like to do it, a blend of sauces. 

Having brought multiple friends here as first timers, I have gotten nothing but excellent responses from them. I appreciate the vegetarian and vegan options and my friends enjoy the beef and chicken options. Everything has been tasty tasty tasty!

I was a fan of the old Bombay and continue to be a fan - probably because I come for the food, not the atmosphere. While hesitant about the change at first, I now enjoy the flexibility that this style of restaurant provides. 

For those who only came when it first opened, some things have changed - including the assortment of available vegetables. As a vegan diner, I was a little concerned about my options. However, I think they've done a good job of adapting to a changing market as well as the input of their loyal customers. Now, if I could just get them to bring the Korma sauce back. : )
Something that caught my eye immediately that seemed pretty odd but pretty cool was the chef was walking around to peoples tables and asking them how their meal was. He was also offering free samples of the lemonade and the chai. That's generally not what I expect when I go to a place like that. That gets points in my book...
I've been to a lot of Indian food restaurants all over US and this is definitely one of the good ones. I've also spent a lot of time eating fresh homemade Indian food so I'm a bit if a snob and always a bit skeptical anytime I step foot in a new Indian restaurant. 

Long story somewhat short, I tried a lot of what they had on the menu because I wanted to know how everything taste. I realized before I ordered that this Indian food is intended to be a more healthy style of Indian food so I wasn't sure what to think. Once I Dug in I could definitely tell that it was a lighter style of Indian food, still had all the great flavors but it wasn't has heavy as the Indian food I normally eat is. All the sauces were awesome. All the veggies were really fresh. The style and the way you order is pretty cool because you can see everything right in front of your face and mix and match with your dish. I can't really think of anything bad to say about the place, I did like some sauces more than others but nothing was bad. I def plan to stop in more often. 

THE LONGER STORY for ya readers out there.... 
The Vindaloo was really awesome. Perfect amount of spiciness to it and def a must have for next time. 
The curry was probably my favorite. It was really really good, I could mix that with just about anything at home. Not oily, not to much flavoring. I'd love to buy a jug of it and smother some wings. 
The masala was also really good and I def didn't leave any behind. 
The mint chutney was really cool. It was zesty and next time I go back I'm gonna get a wrap and have a bunch draped over my chicken. 
The tamarind chutney was nice because it wasn't too thick and sugary. It was a nice little addition over my rice. 
I tried all the meats and they were definitely good. I favored the chicken and tofu over the beef but it was still good. I'm not really a tofu kind of guy but it was definitely good to have in the bowl. It was kind of like having chunks of pineer. 
The Mango Lassie was aw aw awesome!  I've never really had one that I didn't like though but some have been to thin for my likings. 
The manager asked me if I wanted to sample the chai and the lemonade so I did. I've never thought I'd get so excited about lemonade but that lemonade was absolutely awesome, I'd like to make some good cocktails with it. If it was on the shelf in the grocery store I probably buy it once a week. 
The chai was also really really good, I've always loved cardamom and that chai was packed full of it. It definitely didn't taste like anything else I've ever had. I liked how it was cold too. 
There was also a hot sauce that they gave to me on my plate and it definitely has some Kick but it's got really good flavor too.  It was perfect because most of their sauces are pretty mild but I like some heat added so it worked out well. 
All in all, I'll definitely go back. It's nice to find a place that isn't the same as everyone else. One cool thing I noticed, I didn't feel really weighed down after I finished. A lot of the time after eating Indian food, I'm ready for bed. 
The staff was cool and friendly and the place was super clean! Definitely check them out. If the place is busy and the bald chef isn't walking around offering samples, ask him for one. I'm sure he'll give em to you.
New location New format old name. 

Indian food is often relegated to lunch buffets and white table cloth dinners.  BSG offers a new take on how Indian can be done.

The build to order layout is familiar for anyone who likes burritos.  Pick a bowl or wrap, rice type, protein type, veggies and sauce and avid the pricey extras.  A meal can be had for ~$7-8

I Had brown rice, tofu, all of the veggies with a truly spicy vindaloo sauce. 

This is not the best Indian by far as your protein and veggies do not simmer in the sauce, not is any one part of major note. The real reason for a decent score here is the ability to get some good flavors quickly and at a decent value.
This place was so much better with it's previous format. They dropped half the menu and made it more like Chipotle rather than a sit-down restaurant. The food is no longer cooked in the sauced, but merely topped with it. After knowing what this place was like previously, I am very disappointed.
Really 3 and a half, but the guys here were nice.  Decent sauces, veggies,  lassi, great lemonade.  So so chicken.  I'd prefer a buffet for this money.
We used to frequent Bombay Spice when they were located at Shea/Tatum and always enjoyed our dining experience, We even ordered from them using Delicious Deliveries on a regular basis. Now since they have moved they changed the way they serve their food and we love it. The service was always great and that has not changed. They brought back the Bhel Puri and made it more of a fast food setting. We look forward to even more visits to enjoy their GREAT food.
Not the same level of food as it's old location. This new style reminds me of Chipotle, except not as great. I've been there twice and each time I've been a little unenthusiastic about the presentation, but the taste is still great! For me, it's plenty of food. Others may think differently.
We never went to Shea, and this is our first visit here. I was surprised it is like a fast food place, I am kind of naive that way... : P
So ordering and getting your food seems to be fast, and the employees were very helpful and friendly. I had a coupon and they were very patient explaining the terms to me.
We got 2 bowls, one drink, one naan and one order of the crispy chip like stuff (pappadum?)... total was $21.
Food itself is like 3 stars, I was not that crazy about it. But I bumped it to 4 for these reasons:

*Service was good
*They had the following options: Basmati rice, brown rice and quinoa (kudos for the quinoa)
*Aaaaand... the vindaloo sauce is in fact hot/spicy... which is a great thing for us.
*Tamarind chutney was delicious.
Very good food. I liked the curry but I think the masala is better. I would def get a side of naan and veggie samosa. The two guys working were very friendly.
Ok, so the old Bombay Spice was one of my favorite restaurants....and then they moved and their reviews here weren't great.  So I stayed away.  But recently I noticed their reviews improved.  So today myself and a friend went for lunch and I am happy to say that Bombay Spice is once again one of my favorites!

Their menu has switched to a more Chipotle like way of service and a couple of my old favorites weren't on the new menu.  But I asked about them and was told they could make them for me.  I ordered one of those favorites and a wrap from the new menu.  My old favorite, the Chickpea Ceviche, was as good as I remember.  So fresh tasting, light and comparable to nothing else.  Just great for what it is!

The wrap I had was gigantic enough for two meals and also really delicious.

My friend had a bowl with chicken, rice, veggies and the vindaloo sauce.  She loved it.  It is a very spicy sauce but not spicy just for the sake of being spicy.  It was spicy but flavorful.  She thanked me for introducing her to Bombay Spice and we will definitely go back.

As it was before, it is also a good value.  Gigantic wrap was $7, i think and WAY more than I could eat for one meal.

Service was also good and everything appeared clean and tidy.
This is a great place to get something different for lunch or a quick dinner.  I love the chicken masala wrap.  As the other reviewers have said, it is a "Chipotle" type setup, as in, you choose your rice, your protein, veggies, and sauce.  It's really an excellent wrap.  I also love the Bombay spice iced tea - yum!  I can't believe people are sitting next door eating a bland Jimmy Johns sandwich when they could be having one of these exotic concoctions.  I am really sad people are giving this place bad reviews, but I never went to the original location, so I'm not sure what they are comparing it to.  If you are coming in looking for a traditional Indian restaurant, that is not what this is, so set your expectations accordingly.
I miss the old location. They tried to make it Indian Chipotle now and the food just isn't the same quality. It's really a shame. My boyfriend and I used to love the old one as a date spot and it's gone forever. :(
I wish they would bring back their traditional restaurant style of service like they had in their old location.  This has gone way down hill since moving to this location.  The food they offer is decent but nothing like they used to serve. The menu has been scaled down tremendously.  Please bring back the original Bombay Spice!!
I love Indian food, yet I'd never heard of Bombay Spice when they were in their original locations just a mile away from where they move to several months ago.  A friend notice their new locations so we went.  The majority of the photos I'd reviewed on Yelp are not from this new location.  The former place was more upscale in atmosphere whereas the new place is more of a fast food type place where you go up and order your food (not necessarily a bad thing).  The owner/chief brought us our food because it was taking them just a little time to get things ready and he was extremely friendly and sat with us for awhile.  The idea of and inexpensive fast Indian restaurant is a good one.  They changed their formula from their former location he told us.  They have another new place with this same formula they just opened in downtown Chicago.  

They give very large portions.  I ate only half of mine and took the rest home for the next day.  Prices are very reasonable.  However when comparing taste to other Indian restaurants (almost all more expensive) in the valley they don't measure up. 

I'd go back here, but if I wanted good tasting Indian food I'd go elsewhere.  I will give them another try at some point.  

Great owner, staff, large portions, supposedly healthy and inexpensive.  A nice combination.  But when I want Indian food, I want good taste.
We enjoyed a tasty meal here -- two excellent curries, prepared exactly as we ordered them (very spicy).  Naan was reasonably priced ($1.49) and just right -- hot, fresh, but not drenched in butter.  We were shocked to get such good Indian food in a suburban location in a city not known for its Indian cuisine.

Apparently this location used to host a restaurant called India Gate.  Restaurant.com is still selling vouchers for India Gate.  This new location won't honor them -- ask them if they're India Gate, and they'll say yes.  (I asked "Is this India Gate?" and the hostess replied "Yes.")  One of their menus still says India Gate.  But expect them to honor the discount, and you'll be disappointed.  They initially claimed to be totally unaware of the problem but on further questioning admitted that at least one other customer had come in with the same problem.  Follow-up emails were equally unsuccessful at resolution.  I'd give them 4 stars for food, maybe even 5 in light of the alternatives in the area ... but unethical behavior like this earns a huge drop.
Soo yummy! I've been to several buffets and have had many homemade meals at friends' houses. This buffet is very good. Not sure where the bad reviews are coming from? The food is very flavorful. The best is the fried vegetable that is a circle (maybe eggplant?), the mushroom mattar and chicken tikka. Naan is not that great but everything else is so satisfying and good! I can't wait to go back. Oh they aren't open for buffets on Monday anymore (found that out the hard way).
I have to agree with Kira. I work in the building directly next door to Minerva, so we watched with anticipation as they took over the spot that was formerly occupied by China Star.

Notes:
+ Opens at 11:30am for a lunch buffet
- We arrived at 11:40am and they weren't ready; tables were nearly filled before they were ready to go, so we made our trip through the buffet at around 12:00pm

+ Nice selection of various dishes, all were very tasty and well-prepared
- Limited selection, overall. Seems to cater to more popular items, which is smart, but if you're looking to try something different, it's unlikely to be on the buffet

+ Friendly staff, prompt service
+ Waters were always refilled, plates quickly cleared away

+ Reasonable prices

- Very dirty inside. Lots of construction dust, and just general dirt
- Never once saw waitstaff wipe down tables after people finished eating. They'd clear them, "dust" them off, and then set new settings
- No area to wait. There was a line of people waiting to be seated; limited seating available


So... I liked the food. I liked the staff. Dirt doesn't really bother me, but I couldn't help but notice just how unkempt the place seemed, especially for being newly opened. I hope they can get some time to scrub things down and that they more regularly wipe down tables between diners.
Heck yeah!
Talk about the system working!
Props to Matt who started the awesome thread on Yelp Madison Talk re: openings and closings (http://www.yelp.com/topic/madison-the-official-2013-madison-openings-and-closings-comings-and-goings-thread) and thanks to Steve for letting the community know about this new Indian joint on Junction Rd. (It may have taken me a few months to get her otherwise!) I was bouncing around the threads last night, saw "Indian" and got in the car. (I called on my way to make sure they were actually open.)

Folks, this is easily the best Indian food I've found in Madison for three reasons:

1. The Menu... holy cow, IT'S HUGE! I went for dinner and spent forever pouring over each and every page, looking up a few items on my phone because they were new to me. No shortage of variety here.   

2. The Dosas... this and this alone should make you speed over. I think they have 15! That's nuts... NUTS! I'm used to seeing maybe 3 or 4 different kinds at a place.

3. The Flavor... everything I tried was incredible. And although spice/heat is key to Indian cooking, theirs is well balanced, and not so hot that you can't taste anything. 

I had vegetable jalfrezi, chicken tikka masala, masala dosa and garlic naan. All of it was awesome! (GET THESE THINGS!) Even the garlic naan, which I sort of feel like is tough to make incredible, but it was incredible. It arrived at the table piping hot and aromatic and didn't have an offensive garlic flavor. The chicken tikka masala was some of the best I've had, topping some of the curry I long for in London. The veggies were tender yet crisp and in a super tasty sauce. And the dosa. Ohhhh the dosa. It was good, not my favorite, but with so many options, I can't wait to get back and try another one... maybe more adventurous than this one. 

Huge props to the stellar staff that made sure we had no questions about the menu, kept water glasses full, and told us they will have beer/wine/liquor soon. (Just wrapping up some paperwork.) They also sent us home with leftovers in boxes and gave us extra rice. Very kind. 

The atmosphere ain't much, so don't go expecting to be transported to India or anything. There is some nice stuff hand painted on one wall, but that's about it. Small space. Bright light. No tunes playing the night I was there. I didn't notice construction dirt or dust so I'm guessing they cleaned up after what sounds like a rushed opening. And my feeling has always been, if I'm there the first week, I'm going to make a few exceptions anyway knowing they're still trying to find their footing. These guys have though. And if food remains consistent, this will be my go to for Indian stuffs in Madison!
Read Corey's review earlier today and decided to revisit with a group of coworkers.

Amazing how well the business responds to feedback - kudos to them!

+ Tables wiped down with cleaner after each diner finished; saw it happen every time

+ Looks like they're cleaning-up the last little bits of leftover construction stuff; much better than yesterday

+ Food was once again SUPERB. I tried an entirely different round of items and loved every single thing. The buffet is not only a bargain, but it is delicious!!

+ Service was excellent - quick refills on drinks, plates cleared, buffet well stocked, and everyone was so friendly. 

So, huge props to the folks running this place - keep up the great work, and I can't wait to go back and visit again (and I'm sure I will).
At last! Madison has a place that serves proper "Dum Biriyani". All the other Indian restaurants in Madison serve some sort of weird amalgam of Pulao and Chicken Fried rice but this is the real deal. Try it out if you have never done so before!

Another thing I liked about this place was their menu, it was really broad and covered multiple sub types of Indian cuisine - mainly Northern, Chinese(Yes!) & Southern. I haven't had to try the Northern or the Chinese but if the food I had was anything to go by it should all be good.

I tried out the Chicken Dum Biriyani & Chettinadu and both were awesome. The Chettinadu was a bit too spicy for my palate (and I like spicy food and have higher threshold than most) but Biriyani more than made-up for it.
Since they just opened a week or two ago I'll have to update this review after I try the dinner.  Lunch buffet was good but unfortunately at a buffet most places tone down the spice level (which may be a plus for most people!).  

Given that this place is 2 minutes away from Swagat (my go-to Indian buffet!) and 4 minutes away from Dhaba (not a buffet, but pretty good!) I think they have some stiff competition.  However, the dinner menu (online) has a pretty wide variety of dishes that I don't think you'll find at the other places, so I'm looking forward to trying that.  Oh, and for my 6 year old they have chicken nuggets on the menu (cause he ain't fooled by chicken pakora...)

Service was nice and friendly-- they kept coming around with dosas, which was nice.  Kinda a weird/cramped layout with the seating (the place almost seems too small for a buffet!)

All in all, if you like Indian food I'd recommend giving it a try.
I LOVE Indian food and am quite picky about it. There are very few tremendous Indian restaurants in Madison. This is the top! The spice and flavor was delicious and the gulab jamun was so phenom so make sure you save room!
I generally do not like buffets at Indian restaurants either because of the options available or because the quality is not good enough. The buffet at Minerva surprised me. It was actually very good.
Some of the things you can look forward to :

Malai kofta - was very creamy. 
Mango ice cream - tastier than usual
Garlic naan - was soft 
Paneer tikka - max masala but tasty

Something to note : the menu has a lot of options.
Minera is one of the lousiest Indian eatery places in Madison. Service sucks. There is NOT even a single good thing about this restaurant. The owner has NO idea about how to run a restaurant business
1.       In the era of technological advancement and social networking, the business does NOT have a running website.

2.       Lunch buffet is a 'copycat' of another restaurant in town: Minerva tried to even place the same items in the same location as the other one_they don't have any originality ! And surprisingly they have the same items even: can't they have something different of their own !

3.       Standard of lunch buffet is nothing great. Even food quality of dinner is nothing to die for.

4.       Tables are too small and cramped up:  a 4-person table is ideally suited for 2 persons.

5.       The restaurant is very small and cramped up ! When people line up for the buffet, it is a complete chaos.

6.       For dinner, the 2-person tables do not even have a table cloth !

7.       Wait staff sucks_they don't have any idea of what they are doing.

8.       In dinner_there is NO control of the ordering status: the wait staff has no idea whose order is what_and when the food comes out_the staff does not does not know in which table to bring the food ! It's a big CHAOS.

9.       Amongst this, the turnover time for the food to come out after order is placed is rather quick, which is appreciated !.

10.    We tried certain Dosas, the south Indian delicacy in which the restaurant specializes in ! The dosas came without the sides (sambar, chutney !) had to ask for the same: which is ridiculous ! The Sambar, chutney was stale and had no great taste. Sambar felt like having grains of sand in it.

11.   The other families who were dining with us in other tables were equally unhappy with the service.

12.   We ordered a Rava Masala Dosa_they messed up and an Onion Rava Dosa came out. When we mentioned that the ordered was messed, they took it back inside the kitchen_and put the masala in a small bowl and brought it back out ! That was terrible !

13.   Appetizers are served in small side dishes of Corelle brand ! The restaurant even does not have proper serving bowls. They purchased cheap dishes for serving food.

14.   This is a substandard restaurant. They have made the menu items very attractive encompassing all different platter_but that has back-fired on them. Nothing is turning out great. Had they emphasized on their strength and specialized on South Indian platter, they would done a better job.
The South Indian food is great. Tried chicken3-4 times, the meat was terrible every single time. They do a decent job with the curry so I kept giving them a chance. Bad idea- the meat is always horrible and sometimes even stale. The staff is friendly. The menu is huge. I wish they could back it up with quality.  It varies based on what you order. I guess they try to offer too much and its not good value for money with stale meat entrees. I'm on the fence with this one. Will write another review after I try Hyderabadi and other types of dishes I haven't given them a chance with yet. Def no chicken though..yuck!
I would give a 4.5 stars if I could. Stupid Yelp.

I am honestly surprised at the negative reviews. But disclaimer I have never been to Lunch ( i generally find Indian lunch buffets... blah). I have been to dinner three times, and the food is great. Their service needs some help (see below)

So here is the thing I have lived in Madison for 12 yrs, and the Indian food scene has been very similar- a lot of Mughlai food. The restaurants improve or go down depending on competition. Minerva offers a breath of fresh air in this routine. Yes they have the usual tikka masala, garlic naan,  mango lassi, etc ( all approved by my Caucasian Husband). But they have dosas, idlis, chettinad and indian- chineese.  Cuisine that is great as well, that I have missed and really enjoyed.  So here is the break down:

Pros:
- Extensive menu for dinner that will appeal to both Indians and Non Indians alike
- Awesome True  Dum Biryani
- Chicken 65 is all tangy and flavored right
- Andhra spicy dosa is good ( and actually spicy)
- Food always comes out quickly

Cons:
- Weird layout
- Seem short staffed always- nice and courteous, but needed more people
- Lacking ambiance
- Tallying the bill always seems to take a while

Overall  food is my first priority so Minerva is a keeper. 
As an Indian I think I view Minerva and Dhaba as the best Indian restaurants in Madison right now.
While the restaurant may be going through some opening pains (no website, opens at noon at weekends instead of 11:30, somewhat cramped quarters), the food is superb and the staff remarkably kind and friendly.  I'm hopeful it will just get better with time, and perhaps find they need a larger location.  The 10-page menu is a real treat in itself with something for everyone; that there is so much south Indian makes this a great spot for those needing to avoid gluten.
I really enjoyed the lunch buffet the couple of times that I have been here.  I am not familiar with the names of many of the dishes but I know that I really loved the flavors of many of the dishes.  They have fantastic rice and lots of meat options.  I am a big goat fan (no judgement please) and I want to say it's among the best that I have had in the city.   

The service in this place is also standout!  The few times I have been here the staff have been extremely accommodating and ultra pleasant.  I am happy that this place has opened up so close to my office as I foresee many visits in my future.
My job brings me out to lunch for Indian food quite frequently, so I'm glad there's now another option on the West Side. I'm usually accompanied by Indian dining companions when I hit the buffet, but this time our group of gringos (yeah, yeah, I know Indians don't call us that) was on its own. Fortunately I was aided by some Indian fellows behind me at the buffet who had eaten there before, so I only had the good stuff on my plate. 

The food was good -- tandoori chicken cooked just right, masala stewed with the right blend of spices, mango ice cream to freaking die for.  Minerva might lack the ambiance of Swagat or my favorite, Dhaba, but the buffet food is right up there with Swagat's. 

Minerva is in a location that seems to cursed; its predecessors had a tough go, but they're doing it up right and have as good a chance as anyone to make it a go here.
My boyfriend and I went to this restaurant last sunday for the first time and we tried the buffet and since we started to eat we noticed the difference between the other indian restaurants we have been to and this one and Minerva it's so much better! Every single thing we tried was sooo tasty, my favorites were: the chili chicken, the channa masala (garbanzo beans in a creamy sauce) the deep fried vegetables ( they were sooo crispy) and their cottage cheese, it was sooo delicate I did not want to finish eating it, we would definitely come back for more! The only reason I gave them 4 stars its because the buffet area it is so small and I think they should rearrange it, they have the main entrees in the narrower side where most of the people stand most of the time, they should put them in the beginning area, where everybody start to get their empty plates since it is a more open area.
Oh, no -- I hate to downgrade these guys because the staff is so friendly, it's a clean place and they work hard and do so much the right way. However, there are other Indian places that sell my favorite dish for about the same price, but use tender chunks of white meat chicken. My vindaloo here had what I assume is dark meat, with what many of what I consider to be inedible pieces (tough, grisly, veiny, fatty). I'm not going to rule out returning here, but if the price of an entree is going to be comparable to the competition, I would suggest to match their quality as well. For the aforementioned reasons, I wish these guys the best and I will be back. I hope my suggestion helps.
I probably will not end up back here anytime soon. The food itself was very unique in the way it tastes/seasoned. Some of the dishes were quite spicy for general buffet options but I don't knock it for that. Some other broken english 1 star review/1 user review only exists for this which honestly screams a review by a competing restaurant yet I agree with a bit. The largest problem is the space, space and service. Our server(not sure if we had one assigned) seemed new or nervous and spilled water all over. After changing seats, we were more or less ignored beyond our initial drink. There was little communication as to who our actual server was and wasn't even sure where to get the bill. After a while of being ignored, we just walked up and got it. But lets face the ultimate problem - the space. It is like Taqueria Guadalajara seating combined with a buffet table set in a strange corner/alcove. The buffet table itself even borders tables where you MAY be seated. Do you like having people constantly standing right by you grabbing food or lining up? The strangest thing is when you get to the end of the buffet line, it's a dead end and you have to like walk awkwardly around people to try to get out... It seems nonsensical. And like another review said -when there is a lot of people waiting to be seated the place has a very strange limbo zone by the door where you can't really get in or heck - even goto the bathrooms from the dining area. I just don't think the space itself is suitable for an Indian buffet. Buffets need a lot of spacing for the constant amount of people getting up, lining up and returning to their seats as well as a logical flow and layout for the buffet plates. Instead it is a dead end with seating similar to a High School Cafeteria..be prepared to sit next to strangers...
I'm hooked on the lunch buffet. They have a good variety and serve some different items than the other Indian buffets I've been to while still remaining familiar. The two things that enamor me to Minerva over the other nearby Indian buffets is that they allow the lunch buffet to be carried out in a to-go box and cup and it's slightly cheaper while being of the same or better quality. The only downside to this place is there isn't much seating.
5 of us had a very nice dinner at Minerva on a busy Saturday night. We had recently read the review in the Isthmus and decided to give the restaurant a try. Indian food is one of our favorites. Took about 10 minutes to get us seated and menus were handed to us promptly.   For the next 10 to 15 minutes we went over the hundred ninety three items on the menu. Each of us had a favorite item in mind even before we sat down. Our waiter was an authentic Indian who knew the food very well. Unfortunately it was difficult to understand exactly all of his comments but his enthusiasm and humor overcame any of those shortcomings. We loved the experience and would like to go back. Highly recommended.
I am going to come right out and admit that I'm not an expert on Indian food.  I infrequently visit Indian restaurants and the totality of my Indian cooking experience is baking a couple batches of naan bread and cobbling together a presentable chicken tikka marsla.  So if you are looking for the definitive review on the authenticity of the cuisine served at Minerva, this is not that review.

With that said, I felt my lunch buffet experience was A-OK.  I thought the quality of the food was above average by buffet standards.  The staff members were hard working and extremely cordial.

Things I liked:
* The $9.95 lunch buffet offers an abundance of options.  It took three trips to the buffet to sample everything (including the desserts).  The lamb curry, the chicken tikka marsala and Aloo Gobi were standouts for me.
* The staff was constantly replenishing the buffet trays, so the food in the buffet stayed fresh.  (It helped that the restaurant was at capacity for lunch service.)
* LOVED the caramel custard dessert - that dish alone has me jonesing for a return visit
* There always was a staff member near to the buffet to answer questions and to offer suggestions for dishes to try.  The servers were extremely diligent about keeping beverage glasses filled and clearing dirty dishes.

Things I didn't:
* The naan bread was a let down - it was too dry for my liking.  I also did not care for the watered down coconut soup.
* The Spartan interior of the restaurant is nothing to write home about.  As Corey D mentioned in his review, it definitely will not transport you across the ocean to India.  In addition, the buffet is wedged into an alcove and it was difficult to maneuver through the other diners.  
* Sitting near the front door during polar vortex season subjects you a cold breeze every time someone walks through the front door.
* For a cuisine known for its extensive use of spices, I thought the buffet food was timidly seasoned.  
* It can be hard to understand the servers

Other observations and ramblings:
* There was a line to get a table by 12:15, so come early to hit up the buffet.
* Why is an Indian restaurant named after the Roman goddess of wisdom?  Is it just me that wonders about things like that?
I never write reviews, but this was one of the worst restaurants I've ever been to. 

- I got the shits from their food (I didn't even get sick when eating street food in India - says something about Minerva's cleanliness??)
- Over-priced portions. My $10 bagara baingan contained only 3 tiny 1" slices of eggplant; the rest, sauce. I've had much better value in NYC Indian restaurants!
- Our waiter and waitress both needed to be reminded several times about our order. They seemed very disorganized. Completely forgot 4 items (chai, naan, dosa, and a main dish), bringing chai 5 minutes before we got the check, and the naan after we packed the doggy bag containers.
- Waitress was also pressuring me to buy alcohol. 
- Dosa and Naan were soggy and extremely greasy - like dripping grease. They also forgot the crucial chutneys to go with Idli. 
- Food quality and taste didn't make up for any of the negatives! Won't even bother getting into specifics.

We were very polite guests, and my dinner companion gave a large tip, despite the lousy service.  Really wish that he hadn't. Getting sick from the dinner tipped me over the edge and inspired me to write.

I really love Indian food, and know that it takes a lot of care and skill to prepare. I always have a positive bias toward Indian places, and give lots of leeway if the owners are tackling foods from multiple regional cuisines. I felt that both their Northern and Southern dishes were executed poorly. Taste aside, on account of service alone, this place deserves one star in my eyes.

Avoid this place!!! I'm sure you can find better.


P.S. why'd they name the restaurant after a Roman goddess?
5-Star because it is the only restaurant that offers really South Indian food in Madison. It adds much diversity to Madison's food scene. 

We tried Dosa and Uttapam. They are REAL!! Get a Ghee dosa. It would be both a month-opening and eye-opening experience if you have never tried it before. 

Fish curry was a very memorable dish. We also tried things under the "Chettinadu" category. Good stuff. 

They have a incredibly long menu. It will take maybe 10 visits to savor the full selection. For first few visits, I suggest sticking to things you can't find in other Indian places in Madtown. 

Based on our two dinner visits, both food and service is pretty good. I hope this new establishment on the west side will thrive in the coming years. 

CAUTION: The "Hyderabadi Dum Chicken Biriyani" is insanely spicy. I like spicy food in general and take on very spicy dishes. But this dish will be over the limit to most people. Consult before you order.
I first went to Minerva a week after it opened. 
I have never gone to any Indian restaurant ever again in Madison. 
This is mostly a South Indian restaurant but their Tandoori chicken is better than any other Punjabi owned restaurant in Madison. (though Tandoori comes from mostly punjab area)
Their South Indian menu is huge and bigger than any you will find in India. 
All the meals I have had from them is authentic. 
Dosas--So many varieties, all exceptional. 
Medhu Vada- Needs improvement
Biryani--Try Hyderabadi Dum biryani, chicken biryani..amazing!
All there curries I have liked. 
For some reason not a big fan of the Indochinese stuff as personally I do not like sweet in my food. But thats me. 
Their Kala chana is good (garbanzo bean), ask it with some Bhatura (not on the menu, but they will make it for you); aka Indian Chhole bhatoore (really authentic)
Buffet is good, good selection, and tasty. 
Because of place being small, they don't have many waiters, and usually 2-3 waiters serve the entire clients so service may be slow, but I never mind it, as the food makes up for it. 
Their Nihari is not authentic (in the pakistani/british cuisine section)  as authentic needs to be cooked for 6 hrs or more, plus this restaurant is not Pakistani so don't expect authentic Nihari. 
Go for the Dosas, Biryani, chicken curry, etc. 
Fish Molly was alright, I have lived in Kerala and have had the best Fish Mollys so not a big fan here. 

That said, this place is wayyyyyy better than Taste of India, Taj, Dhaba, swagat, maharaja for authenticity. 

Not ideal for a first date because of ambiance and service and noise level, but who goes to an Indian restaurant for a date and come out smelling like biryani on their finger tips?

BTW I go there about 4-5 times a week although I lie 5 plus miles away, so good is this place!
My husband and I tried Minerva for the first time today.  The food was outstanding.  As often as we eat Indian cuisine, I am not good at describing most dishes by name.  What I can tell you is that the selections on the buffet were fresh, hot and deliciously seasoned.   Plus, there were several offerings on the buffet that I've never tried elsewhere.  It was nice to try something new.   The tandoori chicken was especially moist and meaty, not at all dry.   The spices in every dish were just right.   The only thing I found missing from the condiment section was the salty mixed relish that I enjoy on the side.  

This is a smaller-sized restaurant, and it was nice not to have to stand in a line to fill my plate.  Despite the smaller dining room, the size of the buffet and number of dishes offered was equivalent to both the larger Indian buffets we frequent. 

If you are a fan of Indian buffets, you will be very pleased by the quality and selection!
Indian food is spreading like wildfire, of late. For me, that's a darn good thing. Last night's food was right on the top of the list along with Dhaba. 

My sweet Pakistani beau showed up at my house with takeout. I was cold and tired from walking outside getting ready for a 5k. Putting me and 5k in the same sentence is crazy. Anyway, the food from Minerva was just what the doctor ordered.
We ate the Hyderabadi Dum Chicken Biriyani and the Fish Curry.

I loved both dishes equally. The heat level was "medium" which for me was perfect. The rice in the biryani was lovely and perfectly prepared. Each grain stood alone. The chicken was on the bone, tender and plentiful. The fish was excellent, not overcooked and really enhanced by the curry sauce. 

We had both plain and garlic naan. They were fluffy and tender even after reheating. We dipped the bread in the curry sauce not leaving behind even one drop. 

The servings sizes were generous and today I revisited the biriyani for lunch. Glad I didn't have to share that last portion.
Simply the best South Indian food in Madison so far. Their pongal vada is to absolutely die for! Just the right amount of dal, ghee and cashews :) And their dosas - wow, they have over a dozen varieties - all scrumptious. I also like their Madurai idli - spiced and fried goodness. Their sambhar and coconut chutney is also good. 

Not really a fan of most of their other dishes though. I prefer the other Indian restaurants in town for North Indian food. So, this is quite complementary since I don't really like the others' South Indian fare!

Their service is decent and the owners are nice. Not giving 5 because their quantity to price ratio is a bit low - understandable for an upstart, but hopefully they will fix it in due course.
Lunch buffet is delicious! Its a small dining room, but definitely the best Indian place I've been to in Madison.

Probably one of my favorite place sin Madison so far.
Minerva is simply the best Indian restaurant in the Madison area. They offer an amazing lunch buffet, with a nice selection of both South and North Indian entrees, desserts, soups, and salad. Their dinner menu also has many options to choose from, both vegetarian and non-vegetarian. Not only is the food as close to authentic as you'll find in Madison, it's also very reasonably priced. The wait staff is polite and attentive and there is a parking lot with ample free parking. Whether you're a connoisseur of Indian food or just trying it for the first time, you won't be disappointed with Minerva!
Ordered the chaat items. Have had much better. The green chutney they add to chaat is the idli chuney. Not meant for authentic chaat. Havent tasted anything else, so cant comment.
We tried 4 different dishes (2 apps and 2 entrees) and every single one was delish! We're definitely going back soon. 
This is a no frills kind of place. So don't expect the most meticulous dinner service. Go there for the amazing food :)
Yummy yummy lunch buffet! And a great value at $8.95. 

There's about 4 large buffet carts set up in the corner of the restaurant, and they offer a large variety of Indian offerings. I think I tried just about everything and couldn't find one I didn't enjoy! Their Chicken Tikka Masala is so amazing...I probably could've had 4 plates of just that and been happy. I also loved their Chicken 65. I've never had anything like it before and it was delish. They also offer garlic and plain naan, as well as a sampling of many different chutneys and sauces. 

Wasn't too busy when I was there, I was one of about 5 people dining in. But the server was constantly taking plates and refilling water glasses! 

I think I can say that I've had better Indian food, but this place offers an awesome lunch buffet that I will definitely be back to enjoy again!
Awesome and definitely my new favorite place. The only problem is it is on the wrong side of town.
I've been trying out all of the Indian restaurants in Madison and the surrounding areas and stopped in for the lunch buffet at Minerva after reading the other reviews on this site. I was extremely disappointed. I arrived around 1:30-- the lunch buffet goes until 2:30-- and everything I tried was cold and looked picked-over. There was just a small amount of each of the vegetarian dishes left so I tried a little bit of all of them. The food tasted fine, but I've definitely had much better Indian food. I was hoping they might bring out some more food that would be hot, but the only food they brought out while I was there was rice. I will not be returning.
Pretty good indian food. I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious. It's a small place but we will certainly going back .
Freshly opened where Ann Purna once was, Bindi Kitchen and Cookery School is a mighty impressive new place, showcasing vegetarian street food with a Gujarati and East African influence.

The extensive selection of dishes I tried were all excellent, with the spinach and aubergine curry the best among many wonderful items. I look forward to my next visit, later this month.

So overall, we said: "Bindi was an absolute revelation. Rarely have my socks been so comprehensively knocked off by a place. Each dish was outstandingly good, and the warm and knowledgeable service was truly joyful. I'd recommend you visit soon and you visit often, as this is a superb new addition to Edinburgh's rich tapestry of restaurant excellence."
The heady scent of incense filled the air in Bindi as the Yelpers gathered for their vegetarian Indian Thanksgiving. The chairs were squashy and high-backed, arranged around a quirky T-shaped table arrangement. Among those of us seated next to the large and beautifully-decorated plate glass window, there was a little shuffling and struggling to slip in and out, but the passing of plates and dishes to those least accessible made for a fun party game and added to the celebratory atmosphere of our gathering. Tanya L had brought hand turkeys, and Julie G, in addition to Gobbles the turkey Beanie Baby, who served as our table mascot, had brought two big boxes with her containing pumpkin pie. The staff, far from being offended that we'd brought our own dessert, were more than happy to take them into the kitchen until they were needed, and even brought out a specially-made pumpkin curry to add to our dinner!

With two gluten-free diners among our number, the waitresses were also quick to go and check suitable dishes with the kitchen. Clad as they were in stunning fitted dresses heavily laden with mirrors and detailed embroidery, it was a joy to see them float around the restaurant with giant smiles. It felt like they loved being there as much as we did. I had a chat with one of the waitresses about the gorgeous outfit and she confessed she had been thrilled at the opportunity to wear it when she began working there.

Looking at the prices on the menu, I assumed that all the dishes would be tiny tapas-like things, so I ordered two from the starter-ish part of the menu, and a side on my main, knowing full well that Julie G's pumpkin pie was still to come for dessert. Big mistake! It's a wonder I could drag my bulk all the way home after a bunch of little square poppodums, some of Claire L's delicious sweet potato crispy curls, three amazing batata vada (sort of fried spicy potato patties), a grated carrot salad the name of which I can't remember, a thali served in five silver dishes, and a royal raita of seasoned yoghurt topped with what I think was pomegranate seeds. And whenever I felt like my mouth was on fire from all of the spices (perfectly balanced to create, not disguise, flavour) I took a sip of my passion fruit juice. Yes, indeed, passion fruit juice. Why does EVERYWHERE not serve passion fruit juice? I had two glasses of that stuff. And what did my bill come to for everything I ate (apart from the sweet potato curls I snaffled off Claire and the delicious slice of Julie's pie?) 13.50. I know, right?!

It took a bit of fiddling and faffing among us to sort out our bills individually at the counter but the staff remained helpful and cheery throughout the whole confusion, which ended the night with as much warmth and affection as with which it had begun.

They're starting cookery classes here in January. If it'll teach me to make food even half as good as what I had last night, I will be sorely tempted.

tl;dr version of this review: Go here.
5 stars and deservedly so!

Quiet but friendly staff and Bindi herself is lovely, telling us about different dishes on offer.

Food was superb! I like eating veggie anyway and don't mind missing meat so this place is vegetarian heaven. Lots of little bites, shared platter type dishes and a thali - choice of curries with rice and chapati's. Being gluten free I thought that I'd miss out on the chapati's but no, myself and Jenny got GF versions which were lovely. The pumpkin curry made specially for our gang celebrating Thanksgiving was so yummy. I did order too much food - the chilli fries were lovely, as were Jenny's casava chips. Lovely, freshly cooked onion bhajis and poppadoms - I was stuffed afterwards and felt guilty about leaving such yummy food.  The attention to detail in the spice and combination of flavours was immense and blew me away - I am hoping to go back soon. I was in work the following day and recommended it to a friend (vegetarian) who went that night, loved it and is already planning a return trip this week.

Drinks reasonable - the sauvignon blanc was great value at 10 per bottle and went lovely with the food I'd ordered and a bottle at 10 is very good value as glasses are 4. I tried some of Cressi's passionfruit juice which was gorgeous too so if you are avoiding booze then try this. Great little place, amazing food and service and such great value. Being GF, don't let the menu fool you as some of it looks quite wheat based as it is based on street food - many dishes can be adapted to suit such is Bindi's knowledge of dietary requirements :-)
This new Indian restaurant has brought someone, once again, new to the Edinburgh Indian dining scene: vegetarian Indian street food, at very affordable prices. Not to mention the lovely, relaxed restaurant itself, and the very lovely staff (with the beautiful saris and bindis!)

I came here with a larger group of Yelpers for a delightful, delicious meal. First off, their chai mulled wine is delicous! 1.50 for a glass, it comes in a small glass, so it means if you order three it's totally just the same as one big glass, and the same price too. 

The menu is quite like a tapas offering. Lots of small dishes that can be ordered as starters, or a few together as a main. I took the special mango starter, and some chips; and the thali for main. 5 for the thali? At dinner time (not a lunchtime special)? Yes indeed!

It is all vegetarian, but I do think that Indian food is the best cuisine for vegetarian food, and you wouldn't notice that there is no meat.

All of it was delicious. Beautifully spiced, each dish tasting distinctly different. Handmade with love. This tastes like good, home-made Indian food like your mum would make, certainly not en masse bland creamy, red, 'standard spice' Indians that used to define a British Indian carry out. The lentil dish on the Thali had a lovely texture, and the nuttiness of the lentils wasn't drowned out by spice. 

They even did gluten free bread to go with the Thali for Claire and myself. That was a really nice, thoughtful touch!

I will certainly be coming back here. You can get a delicious, large feed at a very affordable price; possibly one of the best deals in the Old Town, and one of the most delicious!
We ate here for our first Thanksgiving in Edinburgh, and what a memorable meal it was. I've never come across a restaurant quite like Bindi before. The emphasis on vegetarian street food means the menu is quite different from most Indian restaurants in the UK. We started with the Bombay Chowpatty Taster, which was full of interesting things. The chaat was especially delicious. This was followed by a thali, which at 5 was probably the best quality-for-price main dish I've had in this city. The wine by the bottle was also delightfully well-priced and drinkable. Service was friendly, welcoming, and accommodating. 

If I have one little complaint, it is that my hair and clothes reeked of incense when I got home (and the next day). The smell of incense didn't bother me in the restaurant, but I prefer not to come home with lingering odors. But incense or not, I will very much look forward to my next meal at Bindi.
Out and about on a Friday night and looking for some where new to try and the missus remembered about Bindi. Taking over from Anna Purna's the owners have done a great job in giving the place a much needed face lift. On entering the restaurant we were greated by the very friendly Patricia who showed us to our table.  The restaurant has a comfortable feeling about it with a cobination of clean modern decor and traditional Indian in places. We both fancied a pint so we opted for the Cobra which is the only draught available.

There is quite a range of food options available here that neither of us had sampled before, also worth noting this is a vegetarian restauarnt. We opted for the Nashto Sampler to give us a good cross over of dishes. To accompany this we also opted for Chilli cheese toast (A Bombay version of cheese on toast ) and Vadhu Pau (Bombay's version of the 'Chip Butty' ). Who could resist descriptions like that.

First up was the popadoms which were home made, as were each of the 3 dips. The corriander and what appear to be methi was a favourite. The main dishes were great with the chip buttie and the cheese on toast being my main favourites. The cheese on toast has a a bit of a punch and reminded me of bruschetta with chilli and veg. We had a chat with one of the owners and she said that the menu was based around food her and her sister like to eat but cannot find in Edinburgh.

I really enjoyed my experience here the food, service and setting were excellent.
We had an amazing time at Bindi on Friday night, and it was easily the best vegetarian Indian food I've had in a long while. Their selection of dishes is truly unique and the restaurant is a very welcome addition to Edinburgh's already colourful Indian scene. I'm already planning my next visit :D
This is probably going to read funny as i'm doing it chronologically rather than in any sensible order.

So we're the first people to arrive at bindi on a friday night, no one hears us entering so we stand around chatting loudly for a few minutes before going looking for someone. It didn't take long and an incredibly friendly and apologetic woman sat us down.

The menu isn't standard indian fare and neither of us had a clue what to order so we asked for advice. There are a pair of tastery things, an exotic one and a down to earth one. Naturally we opted for the exotic one.

Believe me I was unprepared for what game next. 

The eldest of the ladies serving arrived with a selection of tasty looking things, one of which required a demo. This lady pour some liquid into a little deep fried bowl thing and said 'QUICK QUICK!" and popped the wee thing stright into my gub! Quite unexpectedly materal I tell you. amused my friend no end.

the starter platter thing consister of 4 things, which i'll fail miserably to describe (see above deep fried bowl thingy.) So there was a crispy bowl with raw red onion and other things into which was pour a vinegar type liquid, Some bahjii esque things, something that was a cross between cous cous and bombay mix with pomegranate in it, and little lumps of sautd african root vegetable. 

They were all delicious, although the last one was a bit chewy like it wasn't fresh. Everything else though was wonderfully light and zingy and i'd have happily eaten another round of them straight away.

For our mains we both had thali which i felt for a little small for a main on its own. It's daft cheap though so i clearly didn't order enough food.

I had a desert of a sweetened yoghurt, some thing that was like a rice pudding but made with vermicelli (according to the lovely lady who runs the place) and a semolina thing. Incredibly delicately spiced. I had an almond milk shake with it too which was mmmmmmmmmm devine.

Overall wonderful free delicate tasty spicy food, very reasonable but small portions. 

I do have a pair of grievances however. firstly i ordered a diet coke and got a tiny glass for 1.50. It was clearly poured from a 2l bottle so I am rather irked by the stingyness of it. Secondly our water jug had a big chip in it, a concern at a lack of attention to detail.

That said they're just starting up so i'm sure there's some teething to be done, and i'll definitely go back because plain and simple the food is good!
I came here a couple of weeks ago for the first time, and treated my dad to an inexpensive lunch. Everything on the menu is 4.95 euros, which really isn't bad for most items on the menu. The cafe is close to the University of Edinburgh, making it a great spot for a quick student lunch.

The interior is clean and spacious, there are plenty of places to sit, though it seems to be gaining popularity these days so booking is recommended. I opted for the thali, whilst my dad took the veggie burger. The thali was very spicy and tasty, though the portions were quite small. There were two small fried chapatas, two curry dishes (one was very interesting and memorable, fried chickpeas balls in a spicy gravy), a small portion of saffron rice. My dad's burger patty was also apparently very good and came with a selection of interesting spicy dips. The only thing that let it down was the quality of the bread, he said it felt like it had been defrosted and would have preferred a fresher tasting roll.

Bindi herself was very friendly, and gave me a free shrikhand for pudding, a strained yogurt pudding spiced with cardamom and saffron. It was delicious. The table water came served with mint and cucumber inside, which was a nice touch.

Overall, nice food but small portions, and the bread could be better. Will be back though!
The restaurant is clean and bright.  The service was great and the concept is really interesting - Bombay-East African fusion street food.  We had fried classics like onion bhaji and batata vada as well as mogo (cassava) fries and turmeric-hued fried rice.  The mango lassi was not overly sweet.  While the food was good and fresh (if mostly fried), I am only giving Bindi 3 stars because one of the dishes we ordered (chili paneer) that was labelled "gluten free" was not really gluten free.  It had soy sauce in it, which does contain wheat.  For celiacs, this is a problem and you should check with the waitstaff before ordering. The owner apologized for not knowing that soy sauce contained wheat.  She was really lovely, but celiacs do double check on the ingredients in the food you are ordering!
Excellent new Indian Restaurant!  Great vegetarian food and delicious lamb. This restaurant is a welcome addition to Monona. They also have lunch buffets every day. We will definitely be back soon!
This place is great!  There are no Indian restaurants in the Monona area and I am so glad they put this one here, the lunch buffet was delicious and the staff are attentive and genuinely want you to be enjoying the food.  Delicious!
Swad is a wonderful treat!  My husband and I went there opening night and was amazed by the menu.  Not only is the dining experience affordable, but the food was fantastic!  I had the Rogan Josh and the homemade mango ice cream, YUM!  I promise you will not be dissapointed!
We were both quite pleased with this new restaurant in our neighborhood. I ordered the Fish Moly, a catfish cooked in a coconut based cream sauce. It was mild, and very tasty. My parter ordered the Chicken Tikka Uthappam, a flat gluten free pizza styled dish that came with both coconut and tomato chutnies and a delicious  Sambur, all for dipping. Excellent meals. The Nan was tender, the service and atmosphere great. We are happy to have a new favorite  restaurant.
We were both quite pleased with this new restaurant in our neighborhood. I ordered the Fish Moly, a catfish cooked in a coconut based cream sauce. It was mild, and very tasty. My parter ordered the Chicken Tikka Uthappam, a flat gluten free pizza styled dish that came with both coconut and tomato chutnies and a delicious  Sambar, all for dipping. Excellent meals. The Nan was tender, the service and atmosphere great. We are happy to have a new favorite  restaurant.
So excited that this neighborhood has a fantastic Indian restaurant!  The food is great and the staff are so welcoming, even to kids.  Swad means tasty and it is!  I highly recommend the lunch buffet!
Not normally a fan of buffets, but they kept the food fresh and hot. The coconut soup was delicious as was the Tandoori Chicken and homemade mango ice cream. Several fo the dishes were milder than expected, but perhaps that in itself is to be expected. Service was timely and attentive.
Simply the best Indian food I've had since living in Madison.  As good as Milwaukee Indian restaurants easily.  We had the buffet on a Saturday, the place was packed but we got a table right away.  The staff is super friendly and really, really attentive.  Had a little of everything - Chicken Tikka Masala was dynamite, as was the Shahi Paneer, Chana Masala and the Ghobi Manchurian.  Let's just put it this way, the only thing I could recommend as an improvement over what I had was hotter onion chutney.  It's really good, just not as hot as I'm used to.  Here's what else I tried, all amazing: mint chutney, fresh hot naan brought to your table (included), and they'll bring you more, veggie biryani, goat curry, chai tea and kheer for dessert.  Plus the bonus, the place is really surprisingly lovely and charming given the strip mall it's located in, YAY for Monona!
Wonderful! The tastes are very fresh and flavorful. I especially loved my appetizer, Aloo Tikki Chat and the curry chicken. Can't wait to go back and eat more!
Amazing dinner, reasonable prices, and so many vegetarian options! I'm going back to try the lunch buffet soon.
Seriously the best Indian I've had. It's cheap ($10), a buffet, and the service is phenomenal. Went there today after noticing it and fell in love. It's right near by and I was legitimately upset I didn't have more room in my stomach. Absolutely going again very soon!
Had to check it out again a few weeks after my first experience.  Zowie, just as solid across the board.  This time my 12 year old came along, she loved it.  Again, don't expect spice in the buffet, it's tame.  But, order off the menu for dinner or take out and they can heat it up. What I'm really enjoying is the staff and the owner's attentiveness. They're not perfect, but when the waiter forgot my chai he was very apologetic, brought it right out, and didn't charge me.
Loved the dahl. More vegetarian entries would be nice. Everything quite tasty. Nice setting.
We went here for the lunch time buffet.  The buffet tables are set up in the back of the dining area in such a way that the line queues up pretty quickly yet moves very slowly.  Some of the dishes are harder to reach in the back left corner.  The food itself is ok, the one stand out dish was the Manchurian cauliflower.  The staff demeanor is about the same as any of the other Indian restaurants around Madison, not particularly friendly, but not downright rude either.

I like the decor, dark red, black, and gold colors, and lots of wine bottles up behind the register.  The day we were there they were having technical difficulties with their debit machine and were asking everyone to pay by check or cash.  

I think they have potential, they just have a few things to work out.
Yay for Indian food in Monona! Lunch buffet highlights - the catfish and the sesame chicken. Hubby and brother joined me and I think each made three trips through the line. 
A variety of dishes, table served naan bread and mango ice cream... Of course buffet is the way to go. The space is new and clean, service quick and attentive, buffet diverse and fresh. We will return.
THE. BEST. INDIAN. FOOD. EVER!
PERIOD.

Great food, wonderful family atmosphere. Good was hot and delicious. The extensive menu had all the standards of a great Indian restaurant, as well as a number of innovative items, and South Asian classics that I haven't had since I lived in India. 

The vegetarian dinner for two was enough food for three people, with a take out container to spare.

We will be back innumerable times in the coming months. We plan in being regulars anytime we are in the Madison area. 

The family owners are incredibly sweet, and the service was impeccable. It felt as if you were being treated to dinner in someone's home rather than at a restaurant.
My favorite Indian restaurant in Madison! Delicious!
I went here recently with my husband and a friend because I had a hankering for Indian food. 

Atmosphere - Pretty nice. Nicer than many Indian restaurants I've been in. While unassuming on the outside, it is actually quite nice on the inside. Bonus - The warm towels they give you after your meal smell AMAZING.

Wait staff - Courteous and friendly. I feel like it took them a little while to take our food order after we ordered drinks. 

Food - The food here is quite good. I docked a little for two reasons. 1. My husband ordered his food medium spicy but said it had little to no heat 2. My friend and husband both agreed it was pretty good but not the best Indian they've had in town. My chicken tikka dosa was excellent, so if you like dosas, I recommend it. 

Overall impression - I like this place and will likely be returning. It's nice to have an authentic Indian restaurant in Monona!
Went awhile ago, forgot to review!
Drinks:  Mango Lassi & Salted Lassi.  Both yummy.
Appetizer:  Non -Vegetarian Platter: Combination  of  fish, chicken and shrimp pakoras &  lamb seekh.  Yum!  And I don't generally like lamb!
Entrees: Garlic Nan, and Cheese Nan, Chicken Curry, and Fish Curry.  The Nan's were killer.  The curries we ordered medium hot, and they came out mild, so we sent them back.  We got "medium +" back, and it was good spice level.  My Chicken Curry - the meat was kinda gross.  Big hunks.  Kinda freaked me out.  Ate the sauce with the Nan, and it was good.
Not a cheap place, but good food.
The service was lavish and deferential.  The entrees were wonderful, but the buffet kinda blew my socks off. Everything was new to me, but fresh and delicious.
Lunch buffet is the way to go. Lots of options, and only $10 each. 
The lamb was the best thing on the buffet. The chutneys are all quite good.  The ice cream with exotic spices is excellent. The mango ice cream is yummy too.
Lunch buffet was a nice sampling of Indian flavors.  Staff were friendly and kind.  Not a great name for a restaurant, but the food was tastier than other local Indian options we've tried.  Nan was freshly made, and hot off the grill.
My husband and I have visited Swad twice since moving near by--and it's very very good. We both love Indian food, and so far Swad has not disappointed. 

We began with an order of vegetable Samosas. They were very fresh, hot, and were very tasty. They had a good spice, but were not spicy. The first time we had them the tamarind sauce was good--it had a little body to it. More recently, it was a little watery.

We also ordered chicken tikka masala, mixed vegetable curry, and plain naan. Their tikka masala is a stand-by for us, and theirs is very good--huge hunks of white meat chicken, creamy sauce. The first time we ordered it we asked for it the be between mild and medium. More recently, we asked for it to be prepared in the same way, but it was a good bit more spicy. We asked for the  mixed vegetable curry to be medium. Both dishes ended up having the same amount of heat--which was a bit too much for me. Next time, I'll ask for mild. At the same time, they are both good dishes. There are tons of vegetables in the curry. Just thank god for the water!

This place is becoming  our to-go place when we want Indian.
THE. BEST. INDIAN. IN. TOWN. 

We know the owner from going to the Maharaja on the West side. I'm so happy he opened a restaurant near where we live now. It's so good. There are a ton of choices for everyone and the samosas are quite tasty. The staff are friendly and courteous. The lunch buffet price is outstanding and the items featured in the buffet are quite delicious.
I ate here last week with my adult son- we both love Indian cuisine. While it was perfectly fine, I do not agree that it's the best Indian food in town. The samosa chat was delicious, but both our meals and the naan were exceptionally greasy. As in leave a pool of grease in the bottom of the basket greasy. Service was less attentive than hoped, although water was refilled regularly. At this price point, I didn't expect to have to box up my own food- maybe that's why they give you the great-smelling towels??
This is the best Indian food I've ever had.  My husband and I crave their chicken tikka masala.  We never seem to pass up the fish pakora either.  Delicious food and friendly customer service make Swad a very welcome addition to Monona!
Probably the best Indian food I've ever had, with service to match. Highly vegan-friendly too, which makes my wife ecstatic. 

This restaurant may not look like much, situated as it is in the middle of a small strip mall, but the interior is very nicely decorated. I felt a little underdressed walking in mid road-trip wearing a t-shirt and shorts, but that was similar attire to the other patrons.

My wife and I started our meal with complimentary papadam, which we were already prepared to order. They arrived promptly with several types of chutney, all vegan-friendly no less. Crisp, delicious and left us wanting more...but not because we hadn't had enough. They were just done perfectly. 

The rest of our meal consisted of steaming-hot Gobhi Manchurian, Bainghan Bhartha, rice, Chapati for my wife and Garlic Nan for me. It all arrived at once, just as quickly as the Papadam. The battered/fried cauliflower was chewy but crisp, perfectly spiced (we went for hot on both dishes) and paired nicely with my Garlic Nan (also excellent). It was the standout dish of the meal for me. The eggplant was excellent as well, with good roasted flavor. 

Throughout the meal all the staff was very attentive. Our waiter specifically asked if we were happy with the spice level of our meal. Our water glasses were rarely more than half empty. At the end of the meal one of the staff even brought over steaming-hot lemon water-sprayed towels to clean up with. 

By the end of the meal we were both nicely full, for a very reasonable price. Just an all around excellent experience. I only wish it had been closer to home.
I ate at Swad the other night and was a little underwhelmed.

I tried their Chicken Tikka, and it was fine. I think it was around $13-14 for a pretty small portion. A friend ordered the Goat Curry, and for about the same price had even worse luck. His meal was chock full of goat bones and very little meat, making it a terrible value.

I've had better Indian food in Madison, and at a much more affordable price point. I'm really confused why dinner at Swad costs so much. The portions aren't even that big!
It's a nice, intimate space and the staff members were all very nice. But for my money, I'll stick with Maharaja or Taste of India.
I love this place.  Have picked up take out 3 times and always been extremely happy with everything I order.
Top notch service and food! Our server was an absolute delight! Will come here again when we're in the area!
The food at Om Restaurant is pretty darn good. I've never had Indian/Nepalese food so this was a very interesting experience for me. We came to this newly opened Indian/Nepalese fast food restaurant by accident. But once I entered the restaurant with my friends, we could smell the curry which made our mouths water.
If you like spicy and flavorful food you are in luck, if not, then try their Chicken Momo's (which is Nepalese dumplings) which is just awesome. A must try!!!
My friends got Hot & Spicy Chicken Wings and I'll say they are sooooo good. One of the best wings I ever had. What a great find! I cannot wait to continue exploring their menu. The food here is fabulous. Will Definitely recommend!!!!
My son and I went here last week for lunch.  It's great to have another Indian/Nepalese option in this side of Vegas.  This is more of a fast food establishment with adequate seating.  Good variety of both vegetarian and non-vegetarian dishes.  The customer service is great and they are willing to spice up the dishes upon request.  We found some dishes a little mild for our taste but overall the price is relatively cheap and the quality is pretty good.
2nd visit, first time ate off the buffet and was decent. I was thinking if the food that's been sitting here all day is pretty good then I bet the items cooked to order must be great.. Sure enough was awesome. Tandoori chicken some of the best I've had! , chicken chili good, wing good. Asked i'll definitely be back for Tandori chicken and try some veggie dishes.. Place if for sure legit. Also prices are very reasonable. Def. Check it out.
Good fast food. Limited vegetarian dishes, but test is not bad at all. Nan and pakoras are made right in front of you.
As an Indian, I am rather fussy about food from my country and while I will often put up with mediocre offerings, I am very pleased to report that the food here is very authentic and delicious.

Ethnic food seems to finally be making some firm inroads in the Henderson Eastern corridor.  OM is the latest addition, just south of Serene - you have to look for it, since it is set back a bit from the street.  

It is a relatively small restaurant with a definite take-out setup and vibe.  The food is all laid out on a steam table and the menu choices are clearly displayed on big light boards behind the counter.  The food is on display with matching photographs on the menu boards.

The basic premise is very similar to Panda Express - a side plus 2 entrees $6.99, with 3 entrees $8.99.  Sides offered are naan, white rice, pulao rice, and noodles.  As with PE, you can select a half and half combo of two different sides.

Three of us ate there and between us we tried the Chicken Tikka Masala, Lamb Vindaloo and Chili Chicken which were all terrific.  On the vegetarian side of the menu, we tasted the Palak Paneer, Aloo Gobi and the Daal.  I didn't have any of the veggies, but my friends gave them all a strong thumb's up.

I expect to be back there frequently, both to eat there and for take out.
OH MY GOSH! YUUUM!
We went here after work today and it was so delicious! All the food is prepped and if you want it spicier they will make it to order for you!. Garlic Naan is so good. they literally make the dough when you order it and cook it in an industrial Tandoor right there for you to see.

The food is delicious, the staff is super nice and friendly. I ordered a 2 entree plate with Chicken Tikka Masala as both entree's which they were more than happy to do and Basmati Rice for $6.99 this was an amazing deal!

My girlfriend ordered Lam Vindaloo as both entree's and Basmati rice. You can choose rice or naan but you can also get an extra order of it on the side for $1.99 and its huge probably before being cut about the size of a small pizza plus its amazingly delicious.

If you want quick, delicious, well priced indian cuisine this is the place for you! We will definitely be coming back here and I suggest you all go!
WOW!  Is this food AMAZING!  No lie!!  Try it out. It's some of the best India cuisine I have had and I travel all over the country.  I can't wait to come back to have some more...I may even have it for lunch tomorrow-before my flight back home!!!  :)
Good food, especially for Indian fast food.
Better than any Indian buffet at a fancy Indian restaurant. I've tried a lot if Indian places around town and I cook Indian food and this place is yummy to me.
Holy shit, this place is good.  Ever wanted to eat at a place so much, that your butthole cries for mercy?

Get the Naan.  By far, this is the best naan I have ever had.
I have to say that what's been missing from the entire Las Vegas valley was Indian fast food.  I was hoping this place would make the cut and I am glad to report that it does indeed.  It's not the best Indian food I've had but for fast food and an amazing price, this place is absolutely stellar.

Must get the Naan, it is the best I've had.
Walking in I felt like I was back in California eating delicious cheap Indian food. They have serving trays full of items but we stuck with our usual items to compare to other places in Vegas. 

We ordered the chicken masala, lamb vindalo, cauliflower, samosas, garlic naan, pakora, and kofta. 

The kofta was my favorite. I was really impressed how much flavor it had and it was made with chicken instead of ground beef. The lamb vindalo was my next favorite. The lamb was falling apart as I was putting it on my plate which was a great sign to see that it was actually slow cooked. The sauce was on point too. 

Overall we had a great meal between the 4 of us, left with a couple of to-go containers and didn't spend a lot of money. 

I can't wait to go back and try other dishes that we missed!
I was pleasantly surprised at how good the food was.  I would defiantly be back again.  Nice variety of foods, quick easy lunch, great prices and Staff was extremely friendly!!
The food is amazing!  I wish the owner all the best and give them my support and hope everyone else in the neighborhood gives them a chance.  Its a small fast food place and doesn't look like much. However the quality and flavor profile the family puts out is better than some of the the overpriced fine dining places in town.  They keep there overhead low to provide great prices to there customers.  Trust me im a foodie and am highly impressed , go try it!
Nepalese-Indian restaurant and chaat house; halal, wholesome and delicious Himalayan bites; owned and operated by a friendly, professional, and beautiful Nepalese family; clean and casual dining; great location (next to the highway on I-215 and Eastern); will come again, and again, and again (inshallah)!
OM? More like NOM! Haha err..

I actually haven't had Indian food since I've moved here - there just aren't that many places and they aren't cheap like the Bay Area - so when I found a place in Vegas that had curries for as little as 3.49, I couldn't pass it up.

One could easily have a good meal here for around 6 dollars - an 8 ounce serving of curry and a naan or some rice. And if you go for a groupon/yelp/amazon deal, you could have meals for 2 for 3 whole days! The Amazon deal we used was a 20 for 10 deal and we got 3 different curries, 3 garlic naan, and a mango lassi and only paid about 3 dollars on top of the deal we got.

While the curries here aren't the most flavorful or original, they taste (to me) pretty authentic. The naan wasn't wrapped up in the best method - they just kind of stuffed 3 into one foil, but they still tasted very good anyway.

The truth is if I could just keep eating, I'd probably stuff my face with naan and curry until I burst, but then this food wouldn't be so economical...
This review is just from a Take-out perspective. I had a free voucher from LV Local and used it trying OM. I was pleasantly surprised with the quality and flavor of the food. We order two combo-entree's for $8.99 each and I ordered the aloo cauliflower, chicken curry, chili chicken, and naan. The naan was naan bad (not bad). Would have given them a 4-star but not all the entrees were available for the combo meal and the portions were small. I guess I'm spoiled from Panda express. Anyways I will definitely return because it's close by and inexpensive for Indian food. May give an update on review. Hope this helps.
I was surprised to see this fast food type Indian food place.  The food was good and at first didn't think the portions were going to be enough but was full when finished. I would return again at some point.  I prefer the buffet style Indian restaurants where you can choose your menu items and go back if desired.
Tried this place using my groupon. I don't live in the area so I don't know if I will be able to use all my groupons. According to the lady, I can only use one at a time. The food here is very good. It's definitely a must try if you are in the area.
**For take out only**

My employers have a weekly "food offering"  where we have food brought in, to help raise money for a charity.

I usually don't support this practice...especially since its every week..but today, there were two reasons why I tried the food they brought in from OM:

1.  I'm a sucker for good Indian food, and when the restaurant was announced, I, of course, read up on Yelp and was impressed with the reviews.
2.   They were actually offering Vegetarian options. (My employer has a very sad habit of offering vegetarians a ton of carbs, with no actual veggie offerings.)

I'm not a vegetarian, myself, but in support of this option, I opted to try the Veggie Korma, and the Aloo Gobi.

Wow.  The food was SO flavorful!  I only had a few minutes to eat on my break, but I absolutely INHALED this.  

I can't wait to actually go the restaurant tot ry out the samosas, and the lamb vindaloo!  

Great first impression, OM.  Well done.
My favorite in Las Vegas has been Mint for last 4 years. I have tried many of the other popular Indian restaurants and none of them have come closer to Mint, until last month. One of my friend recommended this location to me and said that food is cooked in front of you and the prices are reasonable. I bookmarked this location on Yelp and I finally went for it one day.

Its located on a plaza by 215 and Eastern. This area is always busy with many restaurants in the location, so parking might be a small issue. The restaurant is not lavish like many other Indian restaurants, they have TV where some Indian music is played but over all its atmosphere is more like  Roberto's. The owners are Nepalese, and the food is mainly north Indian with some that have obvious Nepalese fusion to it. 

I always get two curries, naan and basmati rice at this location. So far I have tried Chicken Tikka Masala, Palak Panner (Spinach w/ cottage cheese, my fav.), Chilli Chicken, Chicken Karai, and their Garlic Naan. I think this restaurant has the most authentic Indian flavor of any restaurant and the food is cooked fresh in front of you. 

This prices are also very low compared to Taj and Mint. and its an excellent place for take out meals. When i first went to this restaurant, they were running a promotion of 20% off the entire bill for only month of March. This made the deals even more special. I also saw that they do deliveries now. 

I highly recommend that you stop by to try out their sampler plates (Thali) which come with 1-2 entrees and 1-3 side dishes. They also have groupon and amazon/living social deals.

Overall (5/5)
This is like the Himalayan version of Panda Express.  You get to pick a place with two or three meats and a side.  The place is spartan and clean.  You get to watch Bollywood musicals on the TV.  That's always a plus.  The naan is perfectly cooked.  It is not hard like some places serve them.  The sauce for the various meats were tasty.  They were the right kind of spicy curry.  The meat however was tough.  It has been sitting out in the steamers for too long, I think.  Their deconstructed samosa was a bit of a mess.  It doesn't taste like how a samosa should be:  hearty with soft potatoey goodness.  It is too sweet for one.  Maybe they should call it a sweet vegetable and potato plate instead.  The mango lassi was averagely refreshing.  The Chai was made the way I like to drink them.  It was made hot, milky and full of spice.
This place is really good and very fresh. I don't over eat like a would at a regular Indian buffet. The employees are super friendly too.
Delicious food AND great prices!

I got the Thali-1 plate which includes 2 entrees and a side for $6.99. I chose the chili chicken and lamb vindaloo for my entrees and the naan for my side. I like spicy food, and these entrees are both considered "medium hot" which is why I picked them. The dishes did have a little kick to them (more so the chili chicken), but I would have preferred a little more heat. But looking past that, the flavors were spot on! The sauce for the lamb was extremely flavorful and great for soaking up with the naan. I also got a little taste from my friends' plates of the chicken tikka masala and chicken karahi, and I'd order them both in the future. Like I said, my only gripe is the spiciness. Since there aren't many dishes that are spicy here, I wish you could choose the spiciness level like many other Indian restaurants offer. Oh well! 

As for the atmosphere of this place, it is VERY casual. Just booths and mostly blank walls with the occasional random wall hanging. They clearly don't care about the decor, but I don't either as long as they continue to serve quality food!
Great little place. Speedy food, fresh taste and the Chicken Momo's (aka dumpling) are really really tasty. Highly recommend this place if you are looking for fast & yummy indian food.
I had a chance to try this place out and surprisingly, they offer MOMO's!  Now some of you might wonder what MOMO's are, so let me tell you, they are delicious gifts from God!  

This is a Nepali/Indian fusion offering amazing food for cheap!  Highly recommended, you won't be disappointed!
Went in today ordered the chicken tikka and the puloa rice. The chicken tikka was tasty but a little to dry for my taste, the rice was pretty good . The next time I go in I will order the lamb and some of the items on the pre made menu. Otherwise can't complain food is cheap, place is clean!
Not to shabby! Pretty good food for what's known as a fast food joint.  Much healthier than other fast food alternatives! Naan was good.  Get the garlic version.  Tikka masala was way good.
I love Indian food and the only indian restaurant I knew of was Taj Palace around the corner. We have been going to island sushi for poke but decided to try out OM Restaurant next door. Prices are awesome. Customer service was awesome. Was very satisfied with all the food. We loved the chicken biriyani and the tandori chicken. They are a must try. Will be coming back soon!!!
This place was my first Indian cuisine in Las Vegas. I ordered the hot mango chicken and the lamb. The mango chicken was spicy just how I like it. The lamb was very flavorful. Food overall was excellent. I thought the portion size was a little smaller than what I am used to, living in America and all, but it was just enough. Will definitely return.
Great place I've never had Indian food before but I came here because a friend told me it's really good and I work near by I got butter chicks and hit mango chicken and basmati rice and samosa(like a potato egg roll lol) they were all very good the mango chicken is really spicy though so be careful haha but I will be back for sure butter chicken and the rice was my favorite
Very simple place.  I like that when i want Indian food i can just come in order and it would be ready with in minutes The price is fantastic and the flavors are very tasty.  It is also close to my house so thats a plus.  It is very clean on the inside and the employees are very nice.  I will be back to enjoy this great food.
Came in for a early dinner with the family.  We ended up with three smaller bowls of chicken and lamb and two nann bread.  Food was very good with the sauces really hitting the spot with the garlic nann.  Overall, lunch might be a better option as it appears much cheaper.  Spending 40 bucks I would expect a bit more than three little bowls of sauce and meat, as the added steamed rice for another 4.25 bummed the total to 45 bucks. A bit too expensive for what you get and where you eat it.  Would be surprised if they are around in 12 months.
I am giving this place a very generous 4 star, as I was thinking it was about a 3.5 star.  It is nearly a 4...Overall, I really enjoy Indian food and have had it in so many places around the world including Delhi and Bangalore.  

Here is what I like:

a. Fast - During lunch, most of the food in their special lunch menu is already prepared and kept warm, so getting your food is very fast.

b.  Selection - Very simple and clear cut. All types of curry and spice levels that you would want.

c.  The ambiance - Very utilitarian in decor, design and feeling. I don't mind it, but it is on the very inexpensive mode, unlike other restaurants.

d.  The food - The most important aspect. I love lamb so we ordered the Lamb Vindaloo.  This is my second time ordering this dish.  The first order time we came here, the Lamb Vindaloo was very mild.  This second time, I asked for it to be hotter and they said it naturally was going to be anyway.   I do admit, the spice was just right and the lamb was very tasty.  The Chicken Tikka Masala was okay, not too inspiring  We also had the Alloo Goobi and this was good, So three dishes between us two.  The naan bread is darn good.  The food is generally pretty decent!

e.  Service - Top notch and will help you to order what you want. Excellent service!

f.  Why not 5 star? I am not sure.  Is it the paper plates?  Is it the fast foodiness style of the restaurant?  Is it the utilitarian feel or the fact that when I am there it is generally empty? Not sure.  

The food here is good, the lamb I feel is awesome and I will be coming back for sure.

GK says, check it out!  Oh yeah,  the prices are fantastic for the lunch menu!
Food itself, for the most part, ok, however the dinner prices are ridiculous. I ordered the combo option with two curries and choice if rice/naan....very small portions for almost 10 bucks. The curries were quite good though. The chicken momos ($7) seemed more like microwaved gyoza from Whole Foods than authentic momos. Overall pretty disappointed :(
Delicious, flavorful and a perfect blend of spices. The Chicken Biriyani is really tasty!
So tasty!! We had Tikka Masala, lamb Biryani and some Samosas.  Everything tasted so fresh and delicious.  We'll do this again...and again!
First timers here and we were not disappointed. Since we wanted to try different thing's on the menu we decided to try Thali 1 (choice of 2 entrees and a side) for $6.99.  For my entrees I got hot mango chicken, chili chicken and naan for my side. My daughter got chicken tikka malasa, veggie korma and naan. Food was fresh & delicious.  Portion size was just right and we were able to eat everything. We also got mango lassi's ...they were so yummy & refreshing! Establishment is clean and service was great.  We will definitely be back =)
Ordered food for delivery. Except for a bit of a wait everything was great. Portions were perfect and everything showed up warm. Will definitely be ordering from them again
I would love to be able to rate this restaurant, however I have come by in two separate occasions and they have been closed during their business hours. If I'm going to go eat somewhere I prefer that their hours of operation be consistent.
We were grabbing cigars next door and decided to nosh where it was quick and convenient. 

They do thali plates until 4pm so we both decided to go with a 2 entree, 1 side combo. 

Lamb vindaloo had decent flavor, but it definitely needed more time stewing as some of the meat pieces were soft, but most were still chewy and needed time to break down. Unfortunately, we both selected this and wish we differentiated a bit more.

Chicken Tikka Masala was decent in flavor, but it fell in the middle as far as tikkas I've had in the city go. It was all breast pieces which for some people is a big plus. 

Paneer Saag had a slightly pronounced tamarind like flavor, but I was digging the creamy texture of this and they were generous on the paneer pieces. 

We picked rice as our side and ordered a side dish of garlic naan (1 large piece, cut in 4) which was crispy and well made. 

If you want some fast Indian food, this is probably a good choice. I'm not from this part of town so I don't think it would be something I would drive across town for. I think for the price point of the two thali and drinks, I rather go to a Indian lunch buffet for more selection.
Apparently they don't like to work on Saturdays.  I came here twice on Saturdays and both times they posted a sign on the door--closed.
Closed due to "family emergency". I would have forgiven the fact that I drove a half hour to check you guys out but now I read in your reviews that other people say you are doing this on a regular basis? Not cool! I ended up going to KFC instead and had a horrible experience there. I just gave them a 1 star review too & they earned it but I'm not about to let you off the hook either because if you honored what you said I would have never been in that situation. I would've much rather eaten here (I think). I will update this if I decide to give your restaurant another shot. I wanted to try and see if Om was as good as people have been saying. However, I'm starting to feel like it's a sign to not waste my time since Om obviously doesn't care about our business if they're not honoring their posted hours. Who wants to drive all the way over and find out they are closed? Very unprofessional... especially for a fairly new restaurant trying to establish their clientele.

My advice to all... Call first before you make a special trip out.
I thought this was a restaurant, but apparently it's just a hobby.

Drove half an hour out of my way to a sign saying they were closed "due to a family emergency." Reading through other reviews, this is not an isolated incident and apparently happens with a fair amount of frequency. 

We don't live in a communist country (yet)-  no one is mandating your hours. If you can't keep your own business hours, you should probably change them to something you CAN commit to.

If this were a one-time thing, I'd be inclined to be sympathetic- but clearly it isn't.
New, but not new. We were here before, but it was a different place.  Still Indian food, but apparently under new management. 

Upon entering the first thing that was obvious was they were very busy and most of their customers were Indian.  That's a good sign.

As with the previous place, the buffet still is very small.  There were perhaps 6 vegetarian items, and 6 "regular" items.  Except that included the desserts.  They didn't even ask if I wanted a menu, they just said to go to the buffet.  I get the feeling they don't like people ordering off the menu.

The food itself was good.  The goat curry you wouldn't know it was goat if it wasn't labeled.  It could easily have been beef (but wasn't, for religious reasons, I suspect).  The tikka was good also, and they had a rice dish  that was very tasty.  I think it was labeled as a mushroom rice, although I didn't notice any mushrooms.  But it was very nice.  They also had biryani, and it was good too.  All in all, the food was good.

They are a bit pricey.  Just under $10 for the buffet (weekday lunch).  And if I wanted a Coke it would have been extra (though they did have the real-sugar Coke).  When we were done paying the check was very inefficient.  They don't bring it to the table, you go to the register and tell them how many buffets, and then (eventually) get your credit card and run it.  I'm not sure what was going on, but the group in front of me had a conversation with the register person (owner??) that I couldn't understand, and it took a long time before he finally asked me how many buffets I needed to pay for.

As I said, the food is pretty good.  But for the price there are better Indian places.  Because of the YELP scale I have to rate one "$" (under $10), but it was just barely under $10.  It seemed pricey to me for a simple lunch buffet.
So driving down Elliott I saw this  place  and decided to stop.  We sat down, and the guy was so nice and attentive. We shared the chicken tikka masala. It was sooooo delicious! The service was incredible, and wasn't to pricey. The spices were perfect, not too spicy. I will definitely be back to try their buffet!
Have to say this is the best Indian food we have had in Arizona. Service was incredible with a waiter who shared information on different dishes and their ingredients as well as a history of the foods. It is rare that you can eat out and have better food than home cooked! Prices were good considering the excellent quality of ingredients. So worth the visit....ask for James, he is amazing.
I'm so happy to have found Aachi! We have been so impressed not only with the quality of food we've had but also the service and company from all the people that work there. James is so nice and so knowledgeable about the food. I've also tried the buffet and is fantastic!!!!!! Great variety, price and the flavors. All dishes are incredible and vegetarian friendly! We will definitely make Aachi our number one stop for South Indian food. We really enjoy eating there and we always feel very appreciated!
= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET  = = = = = =

Hey Hey, it's a new Buffet!     :-)

Stopped in here for lunch today, joined by Mike C., & Jackie C.

THE GOOD:

*  This place features a comfortable north facing dining room with your choice of booth or table seating.

*  There were 27 food items all together (counting salad ingredients separately but not dressings and garnishes), plus hot Indian Tea.  This is a good selection for an Indian Lunch Buffet.

*  We were brought Dosas, which are a treat often reserved for dinner & weekends at Indian restaurants.

*  The staff was very friendly and appreciative.     :-)

YES, THERE WERE A FEW ISSUES:

*  They open at 11 AM but weren't ready to go for a few minutes more.  The staff seemed disorganized for them having been open at least 11 days now.  (I've dined at more than one much bigger Buffet where I was their first customer ever and everything was perfect...  China City in Avondale on 11/24/10 for example, with a 125 item presentation and not a flaw to be found with the place!  The same was true of LIn's on Baseline and China Olive in Sun City.)

*  Much of the hot food here was out at near room temperature!  This is not ok!  Even 40 minutes later the two soups, for example, were barely warm.     :-(

* Speaking of soups, there should have been small Melmac or china bowls for the soupy dishes, not styrofoam cups!  China mugs for the tea would be more appropriate than styrofoam cups, too.     :-|

The flavors of the foods were good, and the selection balanced.  They just need to run a tighter ship, so for now it's 3 Stars and Best Wishes for Aachi Southindian Kitchen.     :-)

Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $8.99
Tried this place today just on a whim passing by.  I'm not that much of an Indian food fan but thought I'd try something different.  And, I was quite impressed.  I won't necessarily go back here on every visit to Phoenix, but will go back again at sometime.

My only gripe...they cut the chicken into chunks after cooking.  This makes it difficult to eat without getting chunks of bone in your mouth and having to spit out.  Perhaps this is the traditional way though...  It was at least tasty!
Been wanting to try this place since it showed up on my yelp! Finally stopped in last nite...so delicious I woke up craving it! The service was also spot on..they were very attentive and the price extremely reasonable. Will for sure be back to try more vegetarian dishes!
If you need a high dose of spicy food then Aachi is the spot! Food is tasty to the last drop including the masala-induced coconut chutney and the onion thoku (a kind of chutney).

Ordered the Gobi manchurian at level 6 - not so spicy but the cauliflower was nice and crunchy. The chili paneer at level 7 was spicy and the sauciness gave it the delicious taste.

Next ordered the Mysore masala dosa with extra spicy chutney giving the deep dark red color. The sambar accompanied by chutneys and the masala dosa was a perfect combo to a perfect South Indian experience. 

Lastly finished the day with some Madras coffee -- though doesn't come in a steel tumbler -- the taste is impeccable and a great way to finish the meal.

Ambience is good and crowd grew stronger at about 8pm. Definitely a must go place and something I hope I come back to again!

Can't wait for my Aachi experience -- Round 2!
The food is fantastic! I have beem to the lunch buffet many times and love it. I just went for dinner for the first time. The food was woderful as usual and the service is prompt and freindly. However, they were very frugal with the yogurt sauce and mint chutney. Because they do not offer a dinner thali and it's a bit pricey for what you get, I am less apt to return for dinner. It would be ideal if they had a dinner buffet. I will of course continue to visit the lunch buffet. Great food!
Food option in lunch buffet was awesome. Chicken suka masala with dosa and idli combination is super..
Various delicious dishes for the buffet .. I go to indian buffets often and I have to say Aachi has more choices and better dishes than most
Don't complain! The flavors here are bright, vibrant and yes spicy. Like many new Indian places they start out with great flavor, people complain and after a year or two they start serving the same mild mush as everywhere else. So please if you love good flavors and spice go here, otherwise find somewhere else.

This place as the name suggest has south Indian food, Which for me means Dosa's and a few new to me menu items.

We had a Dosa filled with a spicy gobi (cauliflower), it was delicious and yes spicy. My one gripe is that for the soup and chutneys they just filled up some small bowls from the buffet line that was set out for lunch.

We also had an eggplant  curry dish that had a "tangy tamarind and peanut sauce" It was good but I could not taste the peanut.

As for the ambiance it is decent, not much different from the last Indian place that was here. Tables Booths cloth napkins and ~ $10+- per dish for dinner and lunch is the obligatory buffet.
It's always a gamble  when you visit a restaurant on their opening night.  Luckily, there was no "walking away, knowing when to run" from me as Haveli delivered.  I'll be honest...this location has been haunted by former failed restaurants (Fitch's, Good Times, Kickshaw, Jimmy's) and their gigantic footprint.  In this case, the owners did the right thing and only used 1/3 of the former space.  Service was pleasant and efficient.  We ordered Samosas for our appetizer and Aloo Mutter and Goat Curry for our entrees.  While the filling of the Samosas was a little too heavy for my liking, the crust that encased it was great. Both entrees were very solid.  The flavors worked well with one another.  I was particularly impressed with the Goat Curry.  In the past at other places, the meat can be a little too "goaty".  Here is was well flavored and fall apart tender.
Haveli also has a lunch time buffet that I am eager to try.

Still early in it's existence but if it continues to dish out great food, I think it will be around to stay.
I went here to try the lunch buffet last Saturday and was impressed.I have been a regular at Maharaja for years, but I might now be an even bigger fan of this Indian restaurant.
The lunch buffet has a lot of great offerings.Though the space around the buffet is crowded and could be opened up more, the buffet items were delicious.
I had an amazing eggplant dish, the Tikki masala was so good (even better than Maharajas) and they give you a choice of regular Nan or coconut Nan. The coconut nan is out of this world! Their tandoori chicken was nice and tender and not too dry, also an excellent dish. I also tried their rice pudding and Mango Lassi which were both excellent.
I think being a newer restaurant there are a couple of kinks to be ironed out like making sure the buffet has enough plates and bowls available.The staff was friendly which we appreciated.
Maharaja upped their buffet prices on the weekend which I think was not their best move and not only is this place more affordable but I think has better food overall.I will be back :-)
My wife and I went to their lunch buffet very recently, the food is good and the service is pretty sweet. Not too outstanding wrt the food variety but the tastes would be super good considering the price. location is nice and it is a good fit for a work day lunch.
New place in Fitchburg  and I must say I am pretty excited for it. We ordered the coconut naan with shrimp korma. I the the food was really good the only complaint was the shrimp dish seemed a little overpriced at $13.95. I would probably give the food and service 4 stars but the price was just a little high off the menu. The lunch buffet said it was only $8.95 and that would be a steal if the rest of their food is as good. The buffet was open at night too but opted for the order off the menu. They even said I could get carry out buffet. Pricing for the buffet seem much more reasonable. 

Glad to have a seemingly good option for lunch in the Fitchburg area! I will update after I try it. Hopefully it's a four or five :)
Awesome Indian restaurant good spread for their lunch buffet tasty dishes glad do not need to drive all the way to Madison now
I hate buffets but this is a solid 3 star buffet. The buffet area was constant kept clean and food was brought our regularly. They offer mostly curry dishes which is a huge plus for me. It varies from chicken, to vegetarian to goat curry dishes. They serve cheese and garlic naan bread with the curries.

Everything was delish. I will say that I was turned off a bit by the chicken curries having dark and white meat in it. Of all the chicken curries I've had, they were cooked with white meat only and being someone who only eat chicken breast, it was a bit of a turn down. However, the sauce and rice were great and there were some chicken breast pieces in the curries at least. 
 
We dinned in a Sunday afternoon where lunch buffet was served for $8.95. Great price. For dinner, you can only order off of the menu. Shockingly for a early Sunday lunch, they had plenty of customers. Wait staff were very friendly and prompt. 

Interesting note, my boyfriend and I noticed how similar the establishment was to Dhaba Indian Bistro out in Middleton.  We asked the server if there was a coincidence and come to find out, they are a sister restaurant of Dhaba. That being said, if you like Dhaba, you'll liked Heveli. The big difference is Dhaba doesn't have a buffet.

While the buffet was good, I think is enjoy ordering off the menu instead. I will try that next time. 

I would recommend Heveli's for anyone who loves curry. I will be back to dine in the future.
We went for the lunch buffet. I am thrilled to have Indian cuisine close to work, and a reasonably priced buffet.  Since we paid in cash, it was $17 for 2 people for buffet with water as drinks.  
I thought the chicken Tikka masala was OK. Everything else was wonderful. I am looking forward to coming here again with my family for dinner. 
The food quality is good, prove is reasonable, and the location and building is very nice. The staff was friendly and helpful! No wait for a quick business lunch. 
If you're riding on the bike path, this is a great lunch stop for the price.  All you can eat and mango I've cream for dessert!
Since I enjoyed lunch, I took my husband and daughter for the buffet on Sunday. All the staff were very kind to my daughter, and made us feel welcome to bring a 3 year old who does spontaneous song and dance.
Since it was father's day,  several more young families were enjoying their buffet as well. I'm pretty sure they didn't charge us for a our kid- we had 2 drinks and 2 adult buffet trips for $24. 
Short of having a toy area, this place was very kid friendly. We will be coming again!
Ordered an array of chaat and a pizza to share. Had a chocolate croissant and samples of cake. Don't be afraid to just order. Only complaint is I need a translation to know what I am ordering but with everything tastes so good it really doesn't matter.
Not worth it, though the idea is appreciable. Taste is not that good, its average or below average. People dont have options, and the shop is trying to fool it seems. Samosa chat that we ordered was not upto the mark.. Mango mastani also tried but it was also not living upto its name. Definitely not going to visit anymore the options that have on the list excites you but needless to say it disappears when you taste it.
Very nice place.. if you are a pastries fan then i would definitely recommend this place. Lots of variety of pastries and chaat snacks. I have tried pav bhaji , samosa chaat and chicken tikka pizza, samosas(both big and Irani) and puffs. Everything was good only concern was samosa could have been better.The service is kind off slow and we have to request for water all the time.
THe first time we visited this place. The food was really good. We ordered the chicken puff, egg puff and few pastries. THe pastriess were really amazing and by far the best I have tasted in the US.
Now the not so good things:
1.) service is horrible.
2.) They dont even serve you water and you have to ask for it. In spite of asking the server forgot my water(not once but twice)
3.)Service is extremely slow.
4.) The second time I went, the chicken puff was stale. When I informed the manager about it he was really not bothered.
I will go again here only for the pastries.
WEnt to get takeout.
They forgot to put my meal in the bag.
When I discovered this later, they offered to replace and refund, so kudos for that, but
the cake was flavorless.
PROS:
samosas had a good flavor, seemed to be possible homemade.
Meal had good flavor too, 

will give them another chance
Went this afternoon with family. Place is still new and they still seem to be figuring out the operational stuff in the meanwhile expect quite a bit of chaos,  possibly spoilt food and confusing service

We ordered Paav bhaaji, sev puri and paani puri.  Paav bhaaji was ok and paani puri potatoes were spoilt. 

Ok, have to leave now.  The fire alarm just went off accidentally and chaos rules. In the meanwhile i get 10% off as an apology for the rotten potatoes in the paani puri. 

Doubt this place will be around in 6 months and will not miss it either.
This place is new and good. Pizza and Puffs are delicious. They don't serve Pani Puri which is one drawback compared to Little India. 

Overall its a nice Chaat Place and the cakes are very good too..
I made 2nd visit to it and must say it was satisfying this time. Ordered Paneer tikka pizza and mango pastry, must admit both orders were delicious. All in all this is a new setup and the owner is open to recommendations and suggestions. They need support to serve the valley. Pizzas and pastries are a must if you visit this place.
This is an amazing place for an evening tea and snacks... My and my better half come here quite often, almost every week... Its a fun little place and the guys there are very customer friendly.. Not to mention, the place is very clean n tidy... 
OK now coming to the food, the chaats are delicious, helps us from missing home too much... Good tea and vada paav... Pastries are indian style which you cannot find anywhere else in phoenix...

Summary for the lazy to read - good place, nice food.