As everyone in Madison knows, there are no doughnut chain stores around.  No Krispy Kreme.  No Dunkin Donuts.  Although I know that the best doughnuts in town are from the Greenbush Bakery, sometimes it's just easier to go with the place down the street.  

That basically sums up the People's Bakery.  When you're too lazy to go anywhere else, they are pretty good.
Kind of tucked away and hard to notice, especially being next to the really glammed out Ella's Deli. But worth a visit if you're looking for a good gyro or kebab. :]

The donuts are alright too. They have a wide variety! Myself, I really rather like their cookies. They also offer homemade baklava.

Really though I can reccomend their sandwiches with a side of the seasoned fries. Quite yummy! Vegetarian options also available such as potato kahbi or falafel sandwiches. And they had a lot of beverages to choose from too.

Although the location is not ideal, it's worth a stop if you're in that part of town. :]
I've been lamenting the lack of Mediterranean establishments on the Eastside for a while. We have arguably the best Thai, Indian, Nepali, Jamaican, Japanese, Chinese and American restaurants in town. But Downtown and the Westside both hold the Mediterranean trump card.

Then I discovered People's Bakery. How can you go wrong? Fresh pastry AND gyros? Wait. Did I say gyros? Yes, I did. No longer do you have to venture downtown to get said sandwich. And the one I had wasn't a ticking grease bomb!

Do yourself a favor when you go and try the red lentil soup. The flavor is excellent and there's plenty of cumin to spare. Delicious! My gyro and bowl of soup plus coffee was under $10, so it's a great choice when you're low on cash and need a filling lunch.

(Oh, and it's right next to El Pescador, across from the Madison East Shopping Center. Pretty easy to miss when driving.)
Yum. Very good chocolate glazed donut. Decent coffee, though nothing fancy and I like it much stronger. Will try their falafel soon.
The doughnuts are good (and pretty cheap!), but I really love this place for a quick, cheap lunch.  They make their falafel and gyros fresh, so be prepared to wait a few minutes for them to put 'em together.  There's a small dining area, or you can take your food to go.  The owners are friendly and efficient.

The only thing I really wish this place would do is make fresh bread and rolls, but it's strictly doughnuts and sweet pastries here.
Best Gyros, hands down.  And reasonably priced too.  Good chicken sandwiches.  And their mediteranian entrees are delicious as well.  As for the donuts, they are above average but not amazing.  The owners are so kind.  I like going here.
good food and very cheap.
Since moving to the east side I have started to go here almost every Saturday morning to pick up a couple of donuts and a coffee. I had absolutely no idea that it existed until a cabbie friend of mine told me it was one of his favorite places to stop between fares.

(Can I just say that cabbies are amazing? They know where everything is, and they know about all the cool hidden spots that most of us pass up every day. If you know a cabbie, pick their brain sometime. You will probably discover at least one awesome place because of them.)

So, back to People's. The donuts are really top notch. Chewy, moist, iced just enough, and they have a ton of options. I really think that their plain glazed and their boston cream donuts are the best. Their glazed donuts have this bit of crispiness to them that is amazing. The fritters aren't as good as Greenbush, but still tasty. There are also some specialty desserts that I am unsure of, but will have to try some day. 

As far as the food goes - the gyros are among the best I have had in town (right up there with Gyro House) but that is all I have tried there so far.

So, to sum it all up: good gyros, great donuts, fair prices, and great (but sort of slow) service. This place is definitely worth checking out.
Great Donut & drink selection, and the food is cooked right in front of you.

The place is a little out of the way, the only thing that youll see is a neon 'Gyros' sign in the window, but its worth stopping by. The people are very friendly, and the value is the best for the immediate area( and this is from a UW student who frequents the nearby TacoBell trying to slim budget...).
The only thing I can think of against the place are the hours- I really wish they stayed open longer! I cant count how many times ive been returning from groceries or whaterver and passed by the place, closed, and realized my dinner options were slim to none. One can hope for the futre though, and if youre ever around stop in, the donuts(hard to come by since I moved to Madison- just imagining maybe) alone are worth a trip.
I usually go here because they have some Halal dishes but it's definitely not my "go -to" place for Halal.  I find that I have to be in the mood for it in order to really enjoy it.  However, my husband swears by their chicken and I do really enjoy their kefta with rice.
Updated review,
I have to give them more stars. For one they have pretty tasty food once I tried more dishes.  The cucumber sauce on the side also really good.  It has also become my stop for mousaka! Mmmm
The food and service attitude is pretty good for the price you pay.
They also got all kinds of beverages to go with your meal. They cook it fresh after you place an order. The owners are very nice.

We had the vegetarian meza. Everything tastes good, though I've definitely had better middle eastern food before. But for the price you pay, the food is well worth it. All the basics are done right, e.g. dolma, hummus, kabob/shawarma, cucumber yogurt, kofta, kebbi, etc.

But I will mention stuff they could improve a bit more:
The red pepper paste was a bit bitter, but taste fresh
Tabouli was a bit saucy (ask them to use less dressing).
I haven't had any of the falafel or gyros here.........yet.  I have had the opportunity to fatten myself up that much more by eating some of their delicious doughnuts.  They are really cheap AND really good.  

The owners are a friendly, older couple who look like they are workin' hard.  I asked if they would be my new parents, and they just laughed, but I was serious.  Will you be my new mom and dad?  Or how about my new granny and papa?  I won't ask for money..............just doughnuts!

I'm toilet trained........

*knocking on glass window*

Please???
We will drive from Dudgeon Monroe to the East side for good falafel and gyros. The quality and service at People's Bakery are a great reminder why the (much closer) Biryani doesn't deserve our business. Skip the babaganoush, but make sure to grab a sweet treat for dessert instead!
The donuts are amazing and super-fattening of course, but then I guess you shouldn't be eating donuts if you are concerned with your weight.

I agree it is by far the best gyros in town, I am originally from Chicago and am used to the quality of gyros found all over Chicagoland, this is cut the same, same thickness, same style, the flavor is similar, but has it's own thing going on. Either way, that Parthenon in Madison is crap, people rave about it, what a joke, they have no clue what good gyros is, take a road trip and go eat at Hubs in Chicago, then you will know finally what great gyros is. In the meantime, if you are stuck in Madison, this is by far the best you will find, don't waste your money and calories elsewhere.

Falafel is good, has it's own unique recipe, works for me.

Tan Tan Chicken is very good too, highly spiced, which I like, although not spicy as far as heat is concerned. Comes with an awesome garlic dip, which I've only found in Los Angeles at Zankou Chicken, which by the way is the most incredible middle-eastern chicken ever. They even made a "Curb Your Enthusiasm" episode about it in 2011. If you get out to LA ever, you must go to Zankou and get the Chicken Tarna with the garlic dip, the hummus is also the best ever. Almost enough to make me want to move back to LA. In fact...

Anyway, People's Bakery is truly a gem in Madison, amongst all the questionable eateries, which some say are great, others say bad, this one is clearly a huge winner. And it is a real Mom & Pop, literally they made all the food for me, super friendly, down to Earth, real people who deserve to have your business. Go there now!

P.S. I also liked a bunch of other stuff there, the hummus, side dishes, veggie mezza, etc. Probably can't go wrong with anything there.
Great place to go for gyros, falafel, and lots of other delicious Mediterranean / Lebanese food that's worth trying. Also, the food is really cheap - you can get a whole huge bag of great food for under 20 bucks. An older Lebanese couple run this place - they are very nice and do a good job. As far as the bakery items, go with twisty donut things w/ the red strip down the middle or the baklava.
wasn't sure what to expect, but the food was EXCELLENT.  personal service from the husband & wife owners make you feel right at home.  the tabouleh and hommos definitely rival anyplace i've ever tried.  they actually make the tabouleh to order!!!  incredibly fresh and delicious.  delicious baklava!  and, although i didn't try any, the donuts also looked amazing.  might have to stop back and pick up a dozen, for the road.
Now this is what I'm talking about!!  Total hole in the wall on East Wash in a strip mall behind some Mexican buffet, with the name People's Bakery, you'd never guess this place would have the best Middle Eastern food in Madison.  

Start with the wife of the wife and husband team, who greets you warmly as you come in.  The menu is on the wall, but there are hard copies for those who need an explanation of the nicely blended mix of Lebanese, Armenian and Syrian dishes.  No matter your experience with food of the Middle East or Mediterranean, you'll find dishes you recognize, perhaps by different names.

This was my first visit, I'm sitting here eating my takeout order as I type this because it's that good.  I ordered the lentil soup, and several appetizer portions including hummus, moohamara, sarma, and falafel.    

Quick review:
- lentil soup.  Awesome, just awesome.  Beautiful saffron color from the cooked down red lentils, just the right mix of cumin and lemon, and a back end of heat, I'm guessing from Aleppo pepper.  This is some thick soup, and filling, and for 2.50, you get a pint

- Moohamara.  I wasn't going to get this.  I like roasted red bell pepper, and I've had dips and purees made of them, but I've never sought it out.  Mary, one of the owners, told me it was her favorite, best on the menu.  And holy COW was she right.  A smack of roasted red pepper is quickly deepened by a sweet hit of pomegranate and walnuts, ubelievably complex and wonderful.

- Falafel.  Huge portion, perfectly deep-fried, with a really nice, light texture.  Love the falafel, but I prefer tahini sauce, and these come with a yogurt mint sauce.  Don't get me wrong, this is clearly their regional interpretation, Im all about the authentic experience, and this was good sauce.  But, I confess that for my leftovers I'm making some tahini sauce.

- Hummus.  You know, hummus is always a crap shoot for me.  I make my own, from dried chick peas, and I've been working on this recipe for 25 years (along with my Bloody Mary recipe and about a hundred others). This is another of those regional interpretation issues, this was my least favorite today.  I'll try it again, because my own hummus has on and off days.  This was just more on the bland side than I expected,  No one distinct flavor dominated so I felt like it was left with an almost indescribable flavor.  Not bad, totally edible, just oddly unflavored.  I added some lemon and salt, which helped some.  

Sarma - if you're expecting dolmathes this will be familiar in flavor, but it texture.  These are served cold with a yogurt dipping sauce.  I'm okay with the temperature, but I just like a little lemon on mine.  These are veg, the rice filling is cooked down to a coarse 'risotto-y' consistency.  I dig them, but those who prefer the snap of dolmathes will find these softer, but just as flavorful

All in all, outstanding.  Next time, shish tahouk and baba ganouj.
After moving from Chicago to Madison, I thought that I would be safely tucking my Lebanese palate into the furthest recesses of my tongue, saving it only for the occasional trips back to Kedzie Avenue.  That was, until my wife and I discovered People's bakery.  

Upon walking in, I was thrown back into the likes of such wonderful restaurants as Salam and Semiramis...but with Donuts!  We were genuinely welcomed in and I knew People's Bakery was gonna be one of my new spots, having not even tried a single thing in the store.  

We ordered a lunch "to-go."  I got a Shish Taouk (commonly known as a Chicken Shawarma) and my wife got a falafel sandwich and we split a side of Hummus.  Well, my Shish Tauok was plump with heavily marinated, tender chicken slices, tomatoes, tahina, and lettuce.  In short, it was outstanding.  Aggressive herbal flavors perfectly matched with a spike of lemony acidity.  My wife LOVED her falafel sandwich...which is really saying something, as she's somewhat of connoisseur.  The hummus was really good, and the spike of sumac was a nice touch, although it was tad bit to lemony for me.  

Nonetheless, this is an AWESOME Madtown ethnic eats spot...and oh yeah...how can  completely dismiss the incredible homemade donut selection?  They looked stunningly good, but we both left that for another day.  Lebanese food and donuts....a winning combination, in my book.
Who says donuts and Lebanese food don't go together?!  People's Bakery has made me a believer of this magical combination! This place is great for some affordable, delicious Lebanese food, and some of the best donuts in town. The outside (and inside) is unassuming, but the food is authentic (as far as I know) and yummy. 

Pros
- VERY affordable
- friendly and helpful staff
- Did I mention it is scrumptious?

Cons
- service is a little slow
- inconsistent drink options

I highly recommend trying their falafel with a fritter for dessert.
great donuts. great gyros.
and the most adorable owners ever.
just make sure you aren't in any rush, if you think about ordering food here. still worth visiting.
This place is so accidental hipster, and defies categorization. Is it a diner? A bakery? An auntie's living room? Let's just say if a donut shop and a small restaurant played Tetris, this would be the result. 

The eating area is quiet - no music, just the drink cooler humming - and the experience eclectic - mismatched formica tables, plastic cups for water, and tea cups with feet for the Turkish coffee. The Turkish coffee was weaker than expected, but wonderfully aromatized with cardamom. 

There was so much food my eyes pin-balled for a minute. The red lentil soup made with sprouted lentils came in a bowl - a real bowl, not a cup-sized bowl. We also had the gyro plate which was satisfying, and mousaka entree which was like an eggplant, potato, and tomato casserole over yellow rice. By itself, the mousaka would last me two additional meals. We couldn't resist the Boston creme donut, which turned out to be the best I've had in Madison, and a gigantic cinnamon roll fritter. Plus the two coffees, the total came out to be $25 (!!) and some change. 

The service is a relaxed pace, but the owners were charming and seemed to enjoy us enjoying their food. My five-star ratings often depend on how likely and how often I would return, and this place definitely makes the twice-a-month cut.
Donuts as BIG as your head!  Fresh Lebanese food made to order made by the friendly owner!  Such was my experience today at People's Bakery.  I don't really understand why the place was so empty today but it was fine with me.  I ordered tabbouleh, baba ghanoush, hummus, pita and a giant donut!   You'd never think we would have authentic Lebanese in a generic looking mini mall in Wisconsin but we do-I feel lucky it's just a few blocks away from my house. 

Downside = Styrofoam containers...I might attempt to bring my own next time to avoid them!
Went there today with my fiance.  We had the hummus and lamb and the felafel.  The lamb was amazing.  Little pieces cut up and placed on a bed of hummus.  The hummus was very smooth and great texture.  The hummus was good, but Bunky's is still my favorite in town. 

The felafel was good, not too heavy.  Serve in pita bread with a sauce and veggies.  They have a good selection of beverages, they had my favorite Nantucket Nectar and some good bottled lemonade.

After our main course we decided to try some pastries.  The baklava was amazing.  It was light and flavorful.  We also had a french glazed doughnut which was better then Greenbush.  

The lady that works the counter is very friendly.  When we went back to purchase the pastries we only had credit cards, and they have a $5 minimum.  She let us just add it to the tip of our original bill!
So good!!! We went as a group and everyone loved the food they ordered.  The food was very reasonably priced!! Yum!
Stopped here a few times for the yummy baklava. I've eaten lunch here once and it was fabulous. I had the tan-tan chicken and it was amazing! Moist chicken and lovely flavors.
Herein lie the finest falafel sandwiches in the area, and that's all that's needed to justify my continuing patronage.

The donuts fill the display cases with colors, and fill the air with intoxicating scents. So many different shapes and sizes, but the freshness and delicacy are consistent throughout. The "Rapid Dozen" is a good value, providing a diverse sampling of donut types to take to work, provided they make it that far.

Still, my main inspiration behind the countless visits through the years is the Lebanese cuisine, and specifically the falafel. You will find plenty of tasty dishes, from hummus and babaganoush, to kebabs and gyros, but the incomparable falafel stands above. There aren't, truth be told, more than a few real competitors for Madison's top falafel (Banzo is also great, then it drops off), but those found at People's are really top notch, competitive with any I've had throughout the country.

The prices and the falafels simply cannot be beat, and the owners are incredibly warm and friendly people who have been crafting joy through delicious food for many moons now. There is nothing to keep me from recommending People's Bakery with the full five stars.
I have been a customer for years.  Lunch menu is excellent.  I stop by often and  the owners are very accomdating and friendly.  People's is an asset to Madison!
Went for dinner the other night. We have found our new gyro restaurant!
Hubby & I both ordered gyro. One sammy, one plate. Man, was it good!
Took a raspberry fritter home for dessert, and that was great as well.
We will definitely be back!
Living 1 block away is dangerous! This is a hidden treasure for sure. The owners are a sweet older couple who knock out some amazing food. Can't speak for the donuts but I promise you will enjoy the food. The falafel with fries is a bargain--5 bucks or so--and it will be made totally fresh for you. My go to I don't feel like cooking spot.
What do you get when you combine Lebanese cuisine, baked goods, gyros, funky interior design and second hand talk of bed bugs?  

The perfect #yelpnewvember storm, that's what.

Over the summer, there was a spirited debate about where to find the best gyros in town after the unfortunate demise of Dmitri's.  After fellow Yelper Tawnie R boldly declared the People's Bakery as the worthy successor to Dimitri's, I knew a trip to the People's Bakery was in the cards for me.

If you are looking for elegant digs, this place is not for you.  It's a kitschy, little greasy spoon nestled into a strip mall at the corner of East Wash and East Johnson.  There's not a lot of seating and if someone is on the phone, you're going to be privy to their conversation.  In my case, I got a comprehensive update on a bedbug infestation of a family member that the owner's wife was describing in painstaking detail.  And while the chairs and tables are mismatched and the floor tiles are coming loose in places, the eating surfaces were all impeccably clean and the pictures on the wall gave the joint a homey feel.  And the husband and wife team that run the place have a great rapport with the regular customers getting their lunch fix. 

I ordered the $5.50 gyros and fries and grabbed a seat.  About ten minutes later, a massive foil wrapped gyros was delivered to my table.  I swear that an entire herd of sheep were sacrificed for this meal.  In terms of quantity, the People's Bakery delivered big time.  

On the quality side, things were a little less clear cut. First the negatives:
* The next time I visit, I'm going to ask to have the pita spend a little time on the grill.  This dish deserves better than a cold, doughy pita.
* More tzatziki sauce please!!!  When you give me a metric ton of lamb meat, I need more than a tablespoon of sauce to balance out the dish.
* The same can be said of the tomatoes.  I need more than two very thinly cut slices.

Now the positives:
* The meat was served piping hot, moist and well seasoned.  It was clear this meat wasn't sitting under a heat lamp awaiting the lunch time crush.  The only thing I would have changed is to have a little char on some of the pieces to provide more textural contrast.
* The onions served with the dish were pure awesomeness.  I'll be honest, I usually pick most of the onions off my gyros because they can overpower the other ingredients with their sulfuric pungency.  With a medium dice, these onions were fresh and sweet and complemented each bite.
* I l-o-v-e-d the fries that accompanied the meal.  Salty and crunchy on the outside and hot and moist on the outside.   Yummmmmm.

So, does the People's Bakery unseat Trader Gus as my King of Madison Gyros.  I say it's too close to call right now.  What I do know is that I plan to return to the People's Bakery to conduct more extensive research.  And if you find yourself on the east side with an empty stomach and a light wallet, People's Bakery is an option worth considering.
In addition to sweet treats like donuts and bear claws, they also have lunch and dinner options for cheap. Falafel is not the best in town, but try the gyro, which comes as a sandwich or entree sized plate. They have other standard Mediterranean options such as hummus and kebobs. Seating is limited and would not be good for large groups. Definitely more of a take-out place. I would definitely go back to explore their menu.
Solid donut shop.

+ Nice parking lot
+ Great selection of donuts available, even at 11:30am on a Sunday (most other places are sold out)
+ Totally reasonable prices
+ Donuts are good; I'd say on par with most places, but not quite as good as Greenbush
- Presentation/cabinet could use some work - very narrow space and it's nearly impossible to see what's available
Some secrets are best kept secret.  However I don't want my new donuts find going out of business anytime soon.  I stumbled across this little gem while trying to find some real donuts for my wife to take to her at work.  I found the People's Bakery.  The donuts selection was wonderful.  The wall mentioned some other baked goods as you walk in like scones, but those are no longer available.  The donuts were fantastic.  So good that I had to go back today and they are still fantastic and the shelves were socked full at 9:30am with plenty of choices and the prices are great.  
To be honest i had tunnel vision on the donuts but I believe they have some other things to offer for lunch and dinner.
Their food and pastries are good, but most importantly they had the best baklava I've ever had.
I am pretty disappointed with this place.  After it being described as the best gyro in town, I was let down. The gyro is good and it is only $4.50. However, best in town? Eh. 

They forgot my tomatoes. There is nothing really terrible about this place, but it was just "ok."
Some of the best Mediterranean food that I had in Vegas.  Good food.  Friendly service...most of the time ;-).  Nice atmosphere.
I really love this place.  If I lived in Vegas, you'd find me here a LOT!  Cheap eats, REALLY outstanding Hummus, and just all around delicious  Mediterranean grub.  More food than you could possibly eat for under $10.  Great grilled food.
Best taboulee ever! But for some reason, I hate their hummos. Amazing, fresh pita bread baked in house!

This used to be one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas but the last few times I've been, the only things that haven't disappointed is the bread and taboulee.
Some friends were in town and they wanted to try a new restaurant. We stumbled upon this place and noticed it was voted "Best of Las Vegas" in 2004 and 2007. How can you go wrong with that? We walk in and promptly get seated. I dont recall anything out of the ordinary in regards to the Middle Eastern ambience. On to the menu... We give it a look over and before we can even order, they give us some complimentary Ftayir, which is Lebanese bread. It was warm and tasty.

Our party ordered the following:

Most Popular Dish - Frarej - Half of a chicken baked with potatoes and ripe tomatoes, baked together so that the juices and flavors from the chicken and vegetables permeate each other, basted until golden with olive oil, garlic, and lemon juice.

Shawarma Plate - Beef grilled with tomatoes and seasoned onions, and served with Lebanese tarator sauce and a generous bowl of Lebanese rice.

Shish Kabob Combo - Lamb, Shrimp, Beef Kabob, tender and succulent cubed and charbroiled with fresh seasonal vegetables laid on a bed of Lebanese rice topped with seasoned onions.

The best out of the three was definitely the Beef Shawarma Plate. The chicken seemed a little dry and the shish kabob combo was good... but not excellent.

I'll answer my two favorite food questions, which I always ask:

Would you order that dish again? Yes. Shawarma. Excellent.
Would you eat here again? Maybe/Yes. It's not on my top 20 places to eat when were throwing restaurant names around, but if someone else wanted to eat here, I would probably go with them.

And of course, I added some pictures to stimulate your taste sense.
Great place! If you are craving freshly cooked, healthy and flavorful cuisine, Hedary's is the place to go. Their Mediterranean cuisine is full of flavor and deliciousness! I especially love their lunch specials--great prices for quality, fresh ingredients and food. Everything that I tried here from Greek and Fatoush salads to gyros, hummus and fish has been great. Very healthy! Take out service is quick and efficient. Bread is freshly baked. Hedary's is definitely becoming one of my favorite restaurants in town!
Simply put- this is easily in the top tier of Vegas off strip restaurants. And easily the best Mediterranean place in town. 

Let's take a lunch tour, shall we? The place is relatively small, more intimate and chummy than crowded. The decor is busy without being tacky. And the hostesses are pleasant, cute, and attentive though busy. They seemed to work very efficiently. 

The menu is varied and has just enough without being overwhelming. This has a definite Lebanese tilt and is refreshing from the oh-so-typical-Greek lean you might normally get. 

The in house flat bread was puffy, yet firm, and very fresh. It went well with the hummus and baba ganoush. I preferred the hummus as it was tinged with spices and just about perfect. Though my lunch mate said the same for the baba gonoush- smooth and not chunky was the exact description. 

The first plate was the Sujuk, the spicy beef sausage, that along with the fresh onions, was soaking in a beef sauce that tasted and smelled divine. An example of the quality was that the rice could have been a dish in itself. Occasionally rice is an afterthought on some plates, but here there is no lack of being cooked perfectly and tasting freshly of herbs. 

The other plate we had was the Kibbi, huge ground meatballs filled with pine nuts and cracked wheat. It fell apart under a fork. Juicy and tender with a mint? yogurt sauce for that hint of tang. All the portions were generous and looked absolutely lovely. 

Service was good for as busy as they get. No rushing or fussing or messing with you while you're eating. Just browsing the menu after tasting the dishes I had, made me mentally formulate a number of future dinners. Lunch is a great value. And the dinner prices are very reasonable as well. 

So for those in the know, go to Hedary's and you'll be hooked.
His food is good and the service is descent, but his prices make me fall short of 5 stars.  Very good food and I recomend the vegi maza, has a little bit of everything.  I don't care for the Kibbeh, he uses beef instead of lamb.  Anyways he has an excellent variety of Lebanese, Greek and some Italiam  dishes, although I imigaine everyone is there for the Lebanese food.  Hummus is very good and his babaganouj is some of the best I have had.  I also had his lambshank, which was very good but wayyyy to expensive for the size.  If you don't mind paying a little extra for food then I would say this place is about the best you will find in las vegas for Lebanese food.  I love the fact that this guy makes his own bread!  Yummy, but it kind of sucks because he is always yelling at his kitchen employees and you can hear it while you eat, but hey maybe thats why his food is soo good.  I would recomend it to anyone.
Using Yelp! for the first time, I opened up a Talk requesting suggestions for a good Lebanese - Falafel/Shawarma - restaurant. Out of 3 suggested, we opted to go for the Off-Strip (practically at the edge of town just off Sahara Avenue) since a suggestion was Yelp!ed while at the restaurant.

Hedary's is located in a strip-mall just off the main road. As we parked, we were a bit apprehensive on the quality, since it was pretty much way out of main town area and it's location.

Pleasantly surprised as we walked in. Typically 'bistro' sort of environment. Cosy, warm, intimate, not imposing nor overwhelming.

We, unfortunately, got the table immediately to the right of the door. In direct impact of the cold air each time the door was opened. (This is the reason of 4 stars instead of 5 - Owner needs to do something about the cold draught of air)

Amongst use we ordered:
Filafil (Falafel ) Sandwich - wrapped in Pitta/Lebanese Bread
Filafil (Falafel) Plate - assemble your own 'sandwich' - comes with appetizer - we ordered Baba Ghanoush.
Lamb Shawarma.

The Pitta or Lebanese Bread was just wonderful. That and and a table portion appetizer of Hummus or Baba Ghanoush can make a nice light lunch!

The Shawarma was great. 'Juicy' was the adjective being bandied about.

We followed that with a single portion of Baklava. Wonderful. The only other time I have had Baklava this good was back in UK - in a Turkish Restaurant. Warm, crunchy, sweet - perhaps a tad extra rose flavor, but not something I can complain about.

All in all a wonderful experience and definitely a place to visit again before we leave Vegas and one that can be recommended in a snap.

Only realized after the meal, while complimenting the waitress and the owner that Hedary's has received 'Best of Vegas' for 2 years. Not surprised at all. 

We are: Indians (as in Bombay) 
From: Georgia
Here for: Vacation
For those of you that rated Hedary's highly, thanks for the tip. We are visiting from Minnesota and came here based on your review. We were not disappointed. We eat Lebanese in many cities in the US and Canada. This was amongst the best. Very flavorful. We had the mezzanine platter. That was well worth the price. Tabbouleh is some of the best I have ever had.
"It was a roach. Cooked in with the coffee! "

My husband, a friend, and I went to Hedary's. My husband had been taken there by this friend of ours before, and he raved about the food. 
We were all excited to go have a good meal together. The place has some good reviews, and I like middle eastern food from time to time, and have had a great deal of it over the years living in New York City. 

We got there, ordered a good mix of dishes and I asked for a Turkish Coffee, one of my favorites.
We were enjoying the meal, and the coffee came served in one of those Turkish coffee things. I was drinking my coffee, and I saw a coffee bean floating around in it, I thought nothing of it and grabbed a spoon to pluck it out. It was not a coffee bean. It was a roach. Cooked in with the coffee! EWWWWWW!
I showed it to my husband and our friend, who was a regular there, and they were both mortified. We asked waitress to come over and I said quietly "excuse me, but I think we have a problem here" she glanced at the roach on my spoon and said "oh sorry, we can get you another coffee on the house if you like". Another Coffee on the house? If I like? Are you kidding me? I would expect them to apologize profusely, have the manager come over and offer a comped meal. Nope. Nothing.  As though it happens all the time.
As I sat in shock and disbelief, and watched my friends eat their food, with extra care and attention, I looked over at the wall, and what did I see but more bugs dead on the wall!. I just wanted to run outta there.
Its sad because this place is supposed to have great food, but if the staff acts like this thing happens all the time, and is all casual about something like this, who knows???!!!


The messed up thing is we told our friend the exterminator that he should give this place a call to give them a good spraying, and Hedary's turned him down! Like they didn't have a problem.

Yuk
I REALLY like this place! It is a great lunch spot and the hummus ROCKS. I like the sausage dishes the best and have not expanded my choices. But my dining companions always seem to enjoy whatever they order from the menu as well. It is a bit chilly in there sometimes, but well worth going to. Since things are made on the spot it can take a bit of time to get your order....but it is worth every bite!
Great Lebanese! They have several hearty lunch options for under $10, each served with your choice of appetizer. Today I had kafta kabob served with rice and hummus on the side. The fresh baked bread is amazing.
This is my favorite Mediterranean restaurant. What you'll find here is real Lebanese food, with standout lebni (soft cheese for dipping), kafta (skewered burger) and big pillows of hot pita.

I go for the kibbi, because practically no one in town makes it, and nobody makes it like this. Kibbi is a shell of bulghur, lamb and spices encasing a filling of meat, onion, pine nuts and spices. It's a labor-intensive dish (I know...I've tried) and this is made with love. Served on a bed of fragrant pilaf and a yogurt dipping sauce, I'm in lamb-y, happy kibbi heaven every time I have it.

Finish with the rice pudding. Seriously. It's wondrous.

Everyone that says to call ahead is right. You take your chances when you just show up. But when you call ahead and get a machine, you can pretty much bet they're not open. Call twice just to be safe.
This place is amazing.  If I had a chef for each day of the week it would be Mr. Hedary.  The service is always great and the place is easy to get in and out of.  I agree you should call first because as with most artists the hours of operations can change on a moments notice.
The hummus alone is worth visiting this cozy little restaurant. I had lunch with a friend here today and discovered a new place not far from work to lunch. We shared the dolmas, cheesy flat bread and some hummus. We couldn't eat it all of course but it was fun trying. It was all tasty. The dolmas was soft and moist with the nice contrast of the bitter grape leaves. The cheesy flat bread was delicious! The hummus had a really nice garlic kick to it with pickles and beats on top. I would give this place 5 stars if it hadn't taken so long for the waitress to give us our bill. The rest of the time she was attentive, she just forgot about us it once we were done eating. I think I'll just do takeout next time! :)
Nice, small, cute spot. The lunch deals are the steal here. I like the fatoosh, tabuli, all the apps, gyros. I'm never dissapointed.
I used to go here very regularly when I lived closer. It's one of the better Mediterranean places in town. This restaurant is just like Khoury's down in the SW part of town (same owner, I believe, and almost identical menus). Khoury's makes their bread better, but no complaints about Hedary's. Every dish I've ever ordered at Hedary's has been good. I've never ordered anything I didn't like, whether one of their sandwiches or entrees.
Well, here's another worthwhile addition to my "Vegas Black Book of  Off-the-Strip Restaurants."

In South Orange County we have Panini Cafe on Pacific Coast Highway in Corona Del Mar; an excellent "kabob" stop. (see my review) And now, in my opinion, I've discovered another "yelp hidden gem"; what many locals in West Vegas already know.

Hedary's is a Middle Eastern restaurant that's faithful to its advertised cuisine. And trust me on this one... as an example, if you're looking for a delicious chicken shish kaboob, at an incredibly reasonable price, then you will definitely be impressed and satisfied here. The chicken is well seasoned, and has a great grilled flavor. Somehow, they impart that charcoal grilled flavor, while using what I believe is a gas grill. For about $14, you get three large skewers of really big chicken chunks, along with sweet grilled onions, red bell peppers and large whole mushrooms. Add a great bed of flavorful browned rice, plus added veggies, and you have enough food for two. And not only is the entree serving super generous, it was as good as that kabob I photographed for my review at Panini Cafe.

Without knowing how huge the servings were at Hedary's, we ordered the Mezza, which is twelve dishes of vegetarian appetizer items; ($24). It's enough to easily feed two, if not three or four, (including falafel, stuffed grape leaves, hummus, prep'd yogurt, various veggies pickled and prepared, and more). Of the two chicken shish kabob entrees we ordered, we could only eat half of the first. We ended up taking much of the mezza, and nearly all of the kabob overage home in an iced cooler. (I was in town on business, and put the overage in our cooler for the trip home the next morning.)

If you want to try a proven "off the strip" restaurant, and you love Mediterranean/Middle Eastern, then you definitely should do Hedary's.
I love this spot, it is right across from my office which of course is how I started going here over the last few years.  The only time I am not happy with this place is when someone calls in sick or the owners go on vacation or some reason they just are shut down and you see a sign on the door!! Oh well no biggie.  Their fatoosh salad is to die for.  It's a large portion too, so you feel full and no meat needed, but added gyro meat is always a plus.  Great fresh ingrediants, I'm never disappointed.  All the normal great things like their hummus, tabulli, hot fresh pita breads.  Shrimp scampi is awesome with their Lebanese rice.  Gyros love them and their fries are sometimes a little soft for me, but still good.
Yummy. Too bad they close Sunday and Monday, otherwise we would have gone back for round two (we went there for dinner Saturday). What made us crave seconds the very next day you ask??? Flavorful baba ganoush. The kabobs were done perfectly (I had lamb, they also have chicken or beef). Usually I stick to one thing on the menu and order it over and over again because I have trust issues and don't want to be disappointed by a restaurant I like. But with Hedary's I want to try everything on their menu and I know every single on on there will meet and exceed my expectations over and over again. Check it out.
This was a random Yelp app find since we needed some dinner and fast. I've heard about it so we thought to give it a go. 

Since it was our first time, we wanted to sample the different meats and decided to grab the meat combination plate which comes with 5 meats: shish kabob, kibbi, kafta, sujuk, and mqaniq on top of a bed of rice ($18.95). Shish kabob was soft and juicy. Kibbi was lovely with the textural crunch of the pinenuts. Sujuk wasnt what I thought it was gonna be (I know it to be spicy dried sausage). It was good though and had some nice spices....I think it had cumin in it. Kafta was good, but it needed a sauce to elevate it...maybe if they serve a little yogurt for this and the kibbi it would be even better. The mqaniq was very interesting. The BF explained that it taste how Jungle Zone (they sell incense) smells. It kinda does....has this flowery kind of spice blend that I have no clue what it is. I happen to like flowers and do eat flowers so I don't see it as a bad thing. I tried to google the name to see what is in it thinking this is a traditional dish but search came out empty.... 

Rice was generous and was more pilaf like with little pieces of noodles and herbs in it. Pita bread was fresh out of the oven and soft. 

We also grabbed the Lebanese sandwich. The beef was juicy and it was spiced with a nutmeg and cinnamon it seems. I've had  lahm bin ajeen before but it was lamb and had a bit different spices than this. Still this is  a good variation. It's served with "fried potatoes". They're fries with the skin on and instead of eating it as is, I mixed them with the rice (almost like eating Peruvian  lomo saltados). 

Service was alright. Our drinks were filled without asking. One hitch though- we were sitting there after they cleared our plates and they just handed us our check. We actually wanted to order dessert since I saw they have shiabet, but they never said a word to us, "like anything else?" before closing us out. They were cleaning so I figured that they just want us and the other table to leave so they can go home earlier. It was minor since we did enjoy our food, but it's still kinda rude to do to your customer.
Great lebianese place. Try their lebianese sausage.
One of my favorites around town. If you want a safe bet on good food, come here. They never let you down. 

The service is somewhat abrupt, but they get the job done and are always generous with the refills of drinks and pita bread. The servings are plentiful and delicious. I have pretty much had everything on the menu and I like it all. Some of the my favorites are the lamb schwarma sandwich, game hen, frarej (baked chicken in lemon & garlic juice) and the loubieh to start your meal off right. I also really enjoy their salads. They have lots of fresh ingredients the dressings are divine. If you get any of the sandwiches I recommend the fries. They have a great flavor and just the right crispy to soft ratio. If you're a fry lover like I am, you'll understand the importance of this.

This place is fantastic. I'll be back soon (as always).
One of the better Mediterranean restaurants in town.
The bread and hummus were excellent. My kids had the shawarma sandwich "lamb" and the shawarma plate and they were very good according to them. My wife had the beef shish kabob, very good also and not dry, the grilled veggies that came with it were also very good. I have had the kafta and frarej, both were very tasty. For dessert we had the shabiet, between the four of us we shared one order because we were all full and it was an excellent finish to our meal.
I came here as soon as I read Misti's review as she is quite the falafel connoisseur.  

The falafel was decent but I've yet to find one in LV that is awesome.  The sandwich was dressed really well with a ton of veggies and the homemade pita was awesome.  I could've also eaten a 1.2 lb of their hummus...really well made.  Got an order of the magdoos which were 3 baby eggplants stuffed with walnuts and garlic and those were great too.

I couldn't help but notice other customers dishes as I was waiting for my to go order.    Sizzling skillets of meat arriving at multiple tables ala fajita style and they looked amazing.  I'm all over this the next time I'm here.  

3.42876 stars with solid 4 star potential on the next trip.
Not only was this my first time at Hedary's before, this was the first time I had eaten Lebanese cuisine and I was very impressed. I went there on a lunch date and we both found it pleasant. The staff was friendly and helpful. The Baba Ganoosh was excellent. I had Kafta and my date had Falafil. Both entrees were delicious and the portions were large, even for the lunch menu. The pita bread was hot and fresh out of the oven. To sum Hedary's up: great food, friendly service, and reasonably priced. I will definately be returning!
The best places in Vegas are definitely NOT in any of the hotel/casinos and Hedary's is a prime example. Located WELL off the strip in a modest, unassuming strip mall is the best Mediterranean food I think I have ever had.

For starters, their pita bread is to die for. Easily the best I have ever had, by far. It's served hot and puffed up and it just absolutely incredible. You will definitely be ordering an additional basket of it.

The night we were there they had an appetizer special of Lebanese Halloume Cheese. OMG it was amazing!! It comes to the table flaming and the plate presentation is fantastic. After blowing out the flame I tasted the most incredible cheese dish I have ever had. 

I also had the Lebanese sausage that was recommended by other yelpers and it was great. Very spicy but flavorfully spicy, not just hot for hot's sake.

The hummus was great as was everything else. I will say I've had better gyro before but that doesn't mean the gyro at Hedary's wasn't good, just not the best. Skip the gyro and get everything else.

The reason they get 4 stars instead of 5 is that the service just flat out sucked. We went with a couple of friends who said the service always sucks. In fact they said that they usually order their food togo cause the service is so bad. I'll deal with poor service for food this good though and I wouldn't let that keep you from going , especially if you like good Mediterranean food.
The only flaw this restaurant has is that they are missing a "frequent eater package." Buy 5 eat one free for lunch like the Vietnamese Sandwiches. What am I saying, this place's lunch menu is a steal! The lunch items are about $10 bucks plus a free appetizer. The portions are ginormous considering it's lunch. 9 times out of ten, I order the game hen with lentil soup. The other time I order the frorej half-roasted chicken.  Both poultry items come out on top of a sizzling iron plate with roasted carrots, potatoes and onions.  I really love watching the hot pita balloons slowly deflate through out my meal. You know that's fresh! 

I eat here at least once a week, but now always to go. Why? The SMOKE! 5 minutes in this restaurant and you will come out smelling like BBQ. Someone please invest in another vent!!! This is why I knock Korean BBQ places. 

4.75 stars minus points for coming out stinky
Now I have ordering down to a science. Please try the Fatoosh salad with lamb or gyro, or what I did last night, lamb AND gyro (what! what!). Get the Mezza if you are feeling peck-ish but not ravished for food, and your table would like to bond via sharing (..is caring)-- you will get like 12 appetizer dishes (includes baba G and hummus and fallafels for all those who dig it)  I thought I hated couscous until I tried theirs. I polished off the plate. Any way, the Mezza is a great deal for only $25. Another entree I would recommend is HUMMUS MA-LAHM w/ gyro. DELICIOUS! Go for the Pellegrino, they don't charge an outrageous price for sparkling water. ENJOY! Don't forget they close Sun and Mon :(
The Lebanese halloume cheese was awesome. It's an appetizer dish with flaming cheese. The shawarma plate was excellent as well. The meat was tender and tasty. However, their service was slow and they ran out of chicken on a Friday night! You could also hear the chef complaining and yelling from the kitchen. Great food, bad service.
Incredible! Checked this place out because of all of the rave reviews and they were spot on!
I had Hedary's last night with the tennis crew yesterday, and I have to say I am so happy I have found a place like this.  It's hard to come by good middle eastern food, especially in Vegas.  And a special thanks to Bobby Y. for asking for a spicier sauce from our waitress.  This is a hidden item that you have to ask for, and it's fantastic!  Put it on anything, it almost takes like a mixture of hummous and chili sauce.  Whatever it is, it's great

Aright I've only had 2 things here and they are fantastic.  If you want to save a little money, stick to the falafel sandwich.  It's one of the best I've ever had.  The falafels are in big portions and so moist.  Perectly topped off with what I want to say is cabbage and pickled vegetables.

Number 2, the baked chicken dish (Frarej).  It's a dinner plate item, and it is great.  It's a juicy chicken crispy on the outside.  Even the vegetables around it were good.  Apparently its their popular dish.

When are we going back??  I heard lunch has the same size portions as dinner except with half the prices.  Is this true??  IS THIS TRUE??!?!
I was in the mood for Hawaiian food and headed over to Island Style, when I park the waiter flipped over the closed sign - bummer the time was only 8:20 on a Friday night! 

Luckily I saw Hedarys on my blackberry app. and headed directly over for dinner. I placed my order - the lamb shish Kabob and before that arrived the waitress brought a basket of hot puffy pita bread - which is the Bomb! See it: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ssa6XY_RdDRRB9wuVIeIWw?select=kyQQjSKdfwpGZI5rwJMO8Q 

I love lamb, and the lamb kabobs are incredibly delicious, veggies not overly cooked and the rice was yummy. I tried the hummus here and I gotta admit - it was the best I've ever tasted! The hummus at the store really SUCKS, now I've tasted the real thing.

This place is a great find and the prices are moderate. My friendly waitress said they offer lunch specials so I'll definitely be back.
I came back only after a couple of days of having dinner at Hedary's and tried the lunch special - half a baked chicken with potatoes and choice side of hummus. 

The chicken was so yummy - tender with lot's of garlic and seasoning that was so flavorful. I devoured the two pitas brought to me with the hummus! 

So good, I'll be definitely be a regular at Hedary's!
This place is proof that some of the best food in Vegas is off the strip.

I came here with 3 of my friends on a Saturday night at around 21:00 and the place was almost empty.  I was a little surprised but it worked out for us as we were hoping for a quiet dinner.  

We started with feta cheese with olives and the falafil appetizer.  The 1st was really good.  Good quality feta cheese and good quality olives.  A solid 4.  I think I could have just eaten the cheese and olives with the bread they bring.  Oh yeah, I almost forgot about the pita bread.  It comes out pipping hot like it was just baked-which it might have been.  Some of the better pita bread I've ever had.  Never had it this hot before.  Was absolutely a perfect compliment to the cheese.  The falafil was a little disappointing.  I felt the falafils were too dense.  I love falafils but feel a successful falafil is light with a lot of taste.  A 2 that I wouldn't order and am glad I didn't get the plate.

Our three entrees were the Greek salad, the chicken kabob, the stuffed grape leaves and the tilapia.  The salad wasn't bad-pretty typical scoring a 3.  The tilapia was cooked perfectly but could have used more seasoning though with enough lemon squeezed on top came out pretty well, a 3.5.  The chicken kabob was excellent.  I think the best dish we ordered, a solid 4.  And my dish was the grape leaves which I adore.  They came with a lot of meat inside.  I wasn't expecting so much meat (ground beef I'm sure) and in fact this is was the most meat I've ever had served in my grape leaves.  They weren't bad but I think the vegetarian version of this dish would have tasted better.  A 3.5.  

And I got the tamarind drink which was great.  Ordered a 2nd one.  The whole tab was about $120.  So I'll lean on the 4 star as the food was good enough that made me want to go back and try other things and foods.
Good place for Vegetarians, they have a bountiful vegetarian course with many plates offering every type of salad, vegetable, yogurt and cheese dish you could imagine. All are very fresh and will feed at least 2-3 people. The chicken shwarma is pretty amazing as well.
I suppose this place as aiight.

Me and my friend shared a plate of the meat combo entree and the grape leaf appetizers. It was definitely enough to fill us. Ended up paying $17 per person not including tip.

Overall I wasn't too impressed with the place. The decor was whatever. The service was really bad and ......Russian?? Who worked here who was from the Mediterranean really?

I probably would not come back. It was just so moderate on every level. If this is the best Vegas has got, then everyone ought to raise their standards.
This place is off the chain.  The food is fantastic, all of my friends who grew up eating mediterrean food said " It was just like Mom used to make."  This place is a gem!  The staff is hella cool and helpful as well.
Just felt like having Middle Eastern/Mediterranean cuisine for a late lunch.. I searched for the few remaining high ranked restaurants ('Off the strip') that I haven't yet visited and this place showed up as one of them.. Pretty solid at 49 reviews for Vegas and 4 1/2 stars..

Their *50th review*

Compliementary bread basket: came with a Pair of Warm Oven Fresh Pita looking breads. Oh so good! 

(Labeled) "*Most Popular*" - Frarej (Lebanese baked chicken): "Half of a chicken baked with potatoes & ripe tomatoes, basted until golden with olive oil, garlic & lemon juice". If you like garlic and you like lemon then you may find a match made in Heaven's or Hedary's kitchen! Chicken had a nice golden brown skin and meat was juicy and bone lickin' good!! Potatoes and Tomatoes supported the chicken Very Well and the sauce (be careful, sauce came Piping Hot like XXX degrees!) underneath the pan/plate was ready to be licked clean! Super Super Tasty Dish!!! Its like that Neighborhood Grocery - Rotisserie Chicken But with a Crispier skin, Infused with Garlic and Lemon Juice.. 

The Atmosphere was a bit cozy and a little dark (opening their shutter blinds a little more may help). Service was lacking a bit, I think my server was too busy playing "words with friends" on her phone to even bother checking on me.. I got here around 3:40pm and found that if I came by 3:00pm (11-3pm lunch time menu and prices) I would of paid around $13.00 plus a choice of hummus or soup or.. Instead, I ended up paying around $18.00 for the same exact size plate they serve at lunch and without any hummus or soup or.. Big Difference.. Not their fault, Just a Tip for those that don't know. And I think $18.00 was expensive for this chicken dish alone.. However, It was an Easy 5 Star dish for taste! In Conclusion, come here for lunch if possible and hopefully your server is a little more attentive..
The BF and I haven't been back and the last time the food was fresh, great flavors- just stellar food. 

I looked online and saw they have falafel on the menu so off we went to get a sandwich. It was decent. Good crunchy outside and soft inside of the felafel, the veggies were fresh on it (tomato, bellpepper, lettuce, pickle) and the sauce was decent. It was a fresh taste, but it needed some oomph from some hot sauce. Good but not the best felafel in town. Their sandwiches come with fries and it was okay. I would think a mediterranean place would do them more with seasoning and a yogurt dip, but I ended up with ketchup.  

We shared a baklava and for $4.50 it was a decent size square. It came oddly with slices of apples, but that did kinda work with the syrup. Their baklava is more fragrant with rose water than most which I like but the phyllo wasn't crunchy as it was undercooked. 

Service here isn't the most personable. Yes my water was refilled, but there is another dining room and you can clearly see staff sitting there eating, watching TV, etc. When we needed something we have to wait until the waitress decides to come to the room. 

The price on their site and their actual menu has changed from $9.50 to $11.50. As much as it is good and fresh, their hike in dinner prices, specially for a sandwich is pretty high. That wasn't $11.50 worth of sandwich. My favorite felafel in town is $6.  

It is good, but I think maybe for lunch (they do that until 3pm). It seems that a majority of the rave reviews are the lunch crowd. Good food, but not value or service during dinner.
I worked for a Lebanese family for a few years.  I love good Mediterranean food.  Hedary's is some of the best in town.  The food is and easy 5 stars for me...and they have my favorite hot pillow pita bread!

I give it 4 out of 5 because the service can be a little off at times and not very communicative when you are waiting for food or needing something.  They usually get it right in the end, but I tend to feel uneasy too often.
It has taken me a long time to write this review.  This was one of my first favorite restaurant in Las Vegas when we were thinking of moving here a couple of years ago.  I had been and tried everything and loved it. 
Then my wife,  our friend that introduced it to us, and I went together.  The food was great,  we're trying everything.  My wife ordered a Turkish Coffee,  she was drinking it and enjoying it.  All of sudden she got very quiet.  I asked her what was wrong.  She pointed to her coffee cup.  I looked into it,  and thought I saw a coffee bean.  I said so.  She told me to look again,  which I did.  There was a cockroach cooked in the coffee. My wife was nauseated. We called over the waitress, showed it to her, and here is the part that earned the one star, she did not even really react! She just said she will take the price of the coffee off the bill! And then we started really looking around and saw two more dead cockroaches.
I am not saying she should have brought the owner out, told the chef, had him prostrate himself begging his forgiveness or anything. I am not saying she should have offered the entire meal comped. 
I am saying she should have reacted a little, look at least surprised!
This was and is the greatest dining disappointment I have had in Las Vegas yet. I still look for the perfect Middle Eastern restaurant here and have found a few good ones.
Good food but over priced for Vegas. Also has a fast food feel environment.  
Food is very tasty and portions are pretty reasonable though.
I feel like a broken record with the 5 star reviews, but I guess I only feel moved to rate when I love a place.  I ate lunch here yesterday, and I believe that hands down, this is the best Mediterranean food I have ever had.  We ordered the humus for an appetizer, and it was quite good, although if you aren't into garlic, be warned it is heavy on the garlic.  One of my colleagues got the baba ganoosh as his side, and he shared with us.  I liked it more than the hummus, and I liked the radish and pickles served with both the humus and the baba ganoosh, nice touch and tasty.  The pita was totally awesome, fresh, hot, and puffed with air.  It was fun to deflate, tear, and eat with the dips.  Yummy.

I got the lentil soup as my side dish, and enjoyed it quite a bit.  Again, it tasted fresh and was nicely seasoned.  Nice portion, neither so little that you felt you needed more, nor so big it made you too full for your meal.

By this point, I was pleased with my meal, and the service BTW was great, very friendly and helpful without hovering.  But, when the main course came things really started to shine.  I got the kafta, and it was absolutely flawless.  Perfectly spiced, moist and flavorful.  It was two kebabs on a bed of rice pilaf which itself was also perhaps the best I have ever had - buttery yet light, and complimented the beef, onions, and tomato nicely.  I ate the meat with rice and either tomato or onion in each bite, and really enjoyed the chopped purple onion with the meat and rice a lot.  I cleaned my plate, and was satisfied but not stuffed.

Since I had a little room left, we ordered baklava for the three of us, and it was terrific.  Usually, I have been disappointed with baklava, finding it dry or over sweet.  This was flaky and moist with the nuts finely chopped, and just enough honey.  I loved it!

This place is small and homey, with nice background music and friendly service.  It is far from home, but I will be back as soon as I can.  Yum!
We had the gyros sandwiches and the hummus.  The  hummus was very good and attractively presented.  It came with three huge freshly cooked pitas that were puffed to about 5" thick .... Awesome   The gyros had a bit of a different flavor than the Greek version but they were yummy.   At $11 we were a little shocked at the price but they were huge and served with more fries than we could eat.  I'd definitely go back.
From Draegan (who is 9):
"This  restaurant  was the  most  tasteful  restaurant  I  have  ever  eaten  at.    Right   when  I  took  a  bite   my  taste-buds  popped  up  in  joy!! I  couldn't  believe  how  good  their rolled  pizza   was.  If  you  want  to  go  to  a  great  restaurant  go  to  Hedary's  Mediterranean  Restaurant."
Hands down my favorite Mediterranean in Las Vegas.  It has a very relaxing atmosphere with good service.  The food is top notch as well.
I come here for lunch a lot and my take-out/dine in ratio is about 95/5 for the record.   My experiences are limited to their lunch specials.

I really love this place.   My normal order is the Falafel plate lunch special, in which you get 6 lovely balls of fluffy goodness (insert embarrassed smiley here) amongst other things.   The amount of food you get with this and their other lunch specials is insane.   Falafel, some cucumber salad that I always give away because I hate cucumbers, a container of delicious hummus, three pieces (I've had this vary from 2-3) of fantastic pita bread, and your choice of soup or salad in which I ALWAYS get the Lentil soup.   I totally dig that lentil soup even though I'm somewhat ashamed to admit that at 32 years of age I don't really know what lentils are still.   I would advise you to start with the pita bread and dip it into the lentil soup and take a bite.  Then take the same pita, cut up a piece of falafel and put it inside along with some hummus.  Take another bite.   I suppose you could eat this meal in a variety of ways but I cant guarantee the same 5 star experience I have each time.

I've also had the Tilapia special several times, and it's equally as good.  With that one you still get your choice of soup or salad (GET THE SOUP), and then you get a big container chock full of baked potatoes, veggies, and a nice piece of tilapia baked to perfection.   

Service is always great, but that could be helped by the fact that they know me by now when they answer the phone and they have realized that I'm an amazing person.   For the amount of food you get the price is right.
Was not impressed at all, food was subpar
Went here for lunch because I heard the food was great.  We started with hummus and baba ganoosh.  Both were fine, BUT we were distracted by the "chef" screaming and swearing at one of the servers.  Each of three times that she passed by the kitchen window he would stop what he was doing and just berate her.  It was awful.  My 8 year old finally said "is that guy making our food?  It is going to be sprinkled with hate".  My sentiments exactly.  We paid for our drinks and appetizers and left.  I really could not understand how the other patrons could just sit there like everything was okay.
We have eaten here many times, always for supper, and have never been disappointed wiith either the food or the service.  It is our favorite Mediterranean restaurant.  The food is very flavorfull.  We especially enjoy the roasted chicken (frareg), the kafta and the shawarma.  The pita bread is especially good, arriving right out of the oven; it's puffed up and hot - the best such bread that we have ever eaten.  Prices are reasonable.
Good news and bad news. This guy can obviously cook. That's the good news. We arrived early and the place was mostly empty. Server came to the table immediately to  take drink orders and returned several times to see if we wanted to order food. We were catching up with friends so we took our time ordering.

The apps came out in a couple of different waves for family style sharing. All was very good except for the weird pickled eggplant. Nothing on the menu indicated that it would be pickled.

After the apps were delivered we no one came back to the table. We finally flagged a waitress to order a bit more food. That was a big mistake. After taking the dinner order she didn't return to our table! We tried flagging her down, waving, lifting our empty water glasses. All ignored. 

After 45 minutes I finally went after her. Stopped her in the middle of the room demanding to know why we had been ignored for so long. She said that she had to help out in the kitchen. She seemed surprised that we were complaining and acted as if her explanation should say it all.

After waiting for close to an hour the entrees came out. Chicken (their speciality) was overcooked and dry. I didn't taste the other.

When she came back to the table she offered to comp the meal (we paid) and indicated that the chef couldn't keep any help in the kitchen so they had to help out. "Everyone quits". Lovely
I recommend eating at Hedarys.   Lentil Soup-- best in town.  Hummus-- best in town, everything (and I have tried most of the menu over the past few years) is really good.   I originally ate here b/c it's close to my office.  It got me craving this style of food, so I have tried other places too- but nothing comes close.  

I read some reviews about the service, but I don't really agree... maybe you just have to get to know them.  I love their food.  It's delicious, consistent, and priced appropriately.
Third time is the charm.  A little reputation for not necessarily being open during their posted hours forcing me to take my $ elsewhere.  This time, on a return visit to Vegas, I finally caught them open!

A cute and intimate 2-rooms of dining, little white lights, and traditional music in the background.  The service is lovely, friendly, and inviting. The menu had about 8 things I wanted to try, but I opted for the beef shawarma ($16.50).

Oddly, only 6 diners on a Friday night at 830pm; a positive, very quick service.  The shawarma smelled amazing, with onions, chunks of tomatoes, and spices (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ssa6XY_RdDRRB9wuVIeIWw?select=_WLTQ-uw4f2gamZg-ClDEA#b4Za0Nt0-AFGipOpR_W8vQ).  It wasn't what I was used to, as the meat was diced (not shaved), and while tasty, the flavor was mostly onion, and I prefer the dominant spice as garlic. It also was served with a small rice pilaf, but no other sides (salad, nor tahini, nor garlic sauce, nor hummus, etc).  So I can't say it was a winner.

As an appetizer, I did have an order of hummus (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ssa6XY_RdDRRB9wuVIeIWw?select=_WLTQ-uw4f2gamZg-ClDEA#tXwkmvXgKInfbNj7wyx5GQ) -- fresh, good, a lot of tahini, and the pita was served toasty and puffy...excellent (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ssa6XY_RdDRRB9wuVIeIWw?select=_WLTQ-uw4f2gamZg-ClDEA#_WLTQ-uw4f2gamZg-ClDEA).  The lentil soup is supposed to be amazing here, but they were serving a lamb soup instead -- so I passed.

So, while it wasn't the best Mediterranean food of all time, I'd like to try a few more items.  Overall, it was a worthy experience, and therefore, another trip or two is in my future.
Two stars just because one of the kefte tasted good everything else was over salted. Service sucked too! Took 40min for my dish and not once did the waitress came to say you ok need anything or food should be coming out soon. The reason I went cause of all the positives on yelp and I was in the area. I just might have gone at a bad time but that's no excuse. There are Other much better places for middle eastern in town.
It's sad that this place is so good, but the service is not. The owner should not be so cheap and hire more food servers. These ladies always seem so tired.
Absolutely outstanding food.  There were four of us... two adults and two kids and we arrived around 5pm for an early dinner.  This was a Saturday night and nobody was in the restaurant.  Seated right away, and drinks arrived lickity-split.

We ordered four different entrees so we could try a variety of food and everything was exceptional.  Had the service been a little better this would have been a 5-star review.  However, from the time we ordered until the food arrived was over 50 minutes.... damned near an hour.

What's worse is our server never once came by to check on us or tell us our food would be arriving shortly or anything.  I can't imagine how slow it would be on a busy night... if there are any.

We left at 6:30 after a ninety minute visit and still... the restaurant was empty.... on a Saturday night.

People like good food but SERVICE brings them back.  Tighten the screws Hedary!!!
This place is like NEVER open! Are there like secret hours?
The place was empty on a weekend night when we entered. The service was very slow and cold. Hubby told me it was due to their culture, but if you're going to have a restaurant in America, WARM UP. Our server was so icy and only came to our table to bring us our food -not to check up on us. It was almost as if she just thought the food was so exceptional that she didn't need to check up on us and it was good, but not great. No drink refills and the food was average. I won't be back.
Amazing food!!! Cooked fresh. Little hole in the wall style. I go several times a month. You will not be disappointed.
I deeply regret giving this fine place only 3 of 5 stars, but places "lose points" when the servers don't speak English well and when they insist on preparing a single check for a group of diners.

My group met there on Wednesday night, March 13, 2013 and because we were seated at a long table (and there were 10 of us) they THOUGHT they could prepare a single check.

Our group leader had to inform them, in no uncertain terms, that "We either get separate checks, or all of us leave for someplace else, right now!"

We got our separate checks.

The food is absolutely TERRIFIC and I'd definitely eat there again, but NOT with any group.

Try the Ground Sirloin Shish Kabob ("KAFTA") and the Lentil Soup.  It's truly delicious.

Bring an Interpreter/Translator with you.
Wow! The food at this restaurant is outstanding! We love Mediterranean food and glimpsed the sign as we were driving on Sahara and decided to stop and give it a try. It has a homey environment and I will say the service is a bit slow, but that's typical of European eating and they are friendly enough that I won't zap them a star over it, just don't be in too big of a hurry if you're eating there. We've been there now about 4 times in the last 2 months and it has become our go-to place when we want something close to home that's really good and casual. Highly recommend the food at this restaurant, warm pita bread, lean meats perfectly spiced and healthy, our ultra picky vegetarian friend even raved over it!
Went for an event (Stephanie S's birthday! yay!). This place is so tucked away in an obscure plaza that if you're going west on Sahara you're damn sure to miss the place  and have to make a u-turn.

Outdoor dining is a possibility which should be nice as the summer days approach and slowly starts to get nice in the evenings to be dining outside. Interior is decently decorated. I didn't get a chance to look around that much or even take a look at any of the other seating arrangements available.

Labni
 - Who would have thought a big bowl of yogurt with slices of cucumbers around the side, a pool of olive oil with i think dried mint leaves would make such a great appetizer especially paired with the puffed up "flat" bread. Got me thinking that if we as a culture scrapped the whole bread and butter deal at nice dine in restaurants and replaced it with flat bread and yogurt for dipping we'd go a long way in improving overall health. Cutting the butter and breads to replace them with less filling flat breads and much healthier for you yogurt over butter.

Halloum Cheese
- Dude! it's a block of cheese that's been fried on the outside...wait wait lets make it even better, Cheese? check! Fried? Check...now what? LETS SET IT ON FIRE!!! you read that right and due to Hedary's limited beer and wine menu, no i have not been drinking. The cheese is served to you while it's friggin on fire!

Okay enough with the fire i guess everyone wants to know how it tastes. Straight to the table and the flames die down the cheese is absolutely amazing. Definitely grab some bread, hack off a hunk of cooling cheese and one of the grilled mint leaves and you'll have one of the most amazing melds of flavors you wouldnt believe would go together. Toward the end the cheese tends to harden up but not to the point where it hurts to chew but still tastes damn good.

Roast Leg of Lamb
- To be honest the lamb shank didnt meet my expectations at all. For some reason i keep expecting lamb to tastes like...well...lamb. That gamey taste that people tend to hate i love because it's different and in lamb, at least to me, that's that makes it lamb. Now the shank was roasted to perfection as advertised. No trouble at all getting chunks of meet to fall right off the bone. What i got was a pretty small shank, at least in my opinion it was. The sauce that went was more on the sweet side then i would have liked. Everything else was pretty good. I just gotta stop ordering Lamb shanks thinking they're going to taste like lamb chops. 

Kibbi
- Okay i THINK this is the dish. Wasnt mine but i was offered some and i should have got this instead of the lamb shank. Not sure if the person who ordered it requested that they sub the ground beef for lamb meat but it was lamb meat and it was damn good. cant describe the seasonings but oh my god there was flavor in every single bite. 

Overall the prices of the entrees and even some of the appetizers will definitely have me thinking twice about eating here. Everything is a bit on the pricey side but it is worth the money if you know what to order. 

On the flip side, some of the sandwiches and wraps are so huge that it's totally justifiable for the price. If/when i do come back it'll most likely be for lunch or for a giant wrap. I can totally see myself here after work one of these days looking completely tired and miserable while nursing a shawarma with a side of fries just like The Avengers did. 

Yelp 100 - 027 of 100
I've been coming to Hedary's for years and I always get the same things: hummus, baba ganoosh, Lebanese sandwich or Shawarma Plate which are flavorful and filling.  They give you a basket of hot pita bread perfect for hummus or labni...or for scooping up any saucy dishes.  I always leave feeling satisfied and something to take home.

Last night, a few Yelpers and I were here for Stephanie S's birthday.  I shared a Meat Combination (beef kabob, kafta, mqaniq, sujuk and kibbi) with rice and grilled tomatoes.  My favorites were the beef kabob (tender and well-seasoned), and kibbi (flavorful cracked wheat and ground sirloin).  We also had some of Vanessa N's labni matoom (yogurt with mint, garlic and olive oil) which was good.  


They only have 3 types of dessert: ice cream, baklava and shabiet.  Since we can get baklava and ice cream at most places, we got a shabiet (filo pastry with honey, milk custard and pistachios) for dessert and they gave us an extra one.  It's  a light creamy and flaky dessert.  I enjoyed it...always have.

Service last night was good because the place was empty but the times I've been, it hasn't been quite consistently good.
Came here for the beautiful Stephanie S.'s birthday dinner. I was a little worried about how empty the restaurant was when we walked in. If it was not for our large party, there was no one else in the building.

Ultimately, that just meant that we had the two servers all to ourselves. Due to that, my water glass was never empty and the endless baskets of bread kept coming. The tables were also well manicured. I am anal when it comes to clearing away dirty dishes and removing scraps from the table. The girls did a great job with keeping us spotless.

The food comes in ridiculous portions. I noticed the prices were steeper than at other Mediterranean places. After ordering, I could see why. These portions are nuts. The $33 mezzo sampler can easily feed four people. In fact, it did. If I had came with just one other person, we would not have been able to dent it. All of their dips use a generous amount of garlic. I had fire breathe by the end of the meal. I was impressed. Definitely not a date type of place. I had sneaked a few bites from everyone else and the food is solid. I would not order the lentil soup again though. Yet again, it felt like they should have gave us smaller bowls to ladle out servings for the table, but the flavor was not that impressive.
We came here for Stephanie's birthday!

This was my first time here...it was really quiet! I was a little worried since we were the only ones here, but the food was pretty good!

I shared the Meat Combination (Beef Kabob, Kafta, Mqaniq, Sujuk and kibbi) with rice and grilled tomatoes :

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hedarys-mediterranean-restaurant-las-vegas?select=wVgo5MaohDWNuudZWWwfJg#wVgo5MaohDWNuudZWWwfJg

The Sujuk + Kafta were my favs...and there was plenty of meats to share! I know I wouldn't have been able to eat this all by myself! Some of the meats were a little boring though for Mediterranean food...usually there are so much spices, oils, and herbs that you get taste explosions!

The fresh hot pita bread was great...and it went well with the Labni Matoom : 

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hedarys-mediterranean-restaurant-las-vegas?select=Her-ahGJyXT1Weqe5jTPWw#Her-ahGJyXT1Weqe5jTPWw

Which is dry yogurt mixed w/ garlic, mint & a sprinkle of olive oil. It was a good dipping sauce for the bread.  Thanks for letting us try it Vanessa :)

And to finish, we tried the Shabiet : 

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hedarys-mediterranean-restaurant-las-vegas?select=idVR6U32ixUw4kNzHOsiIg#idVR6U32ixUw4kNzHOsiIg

Which is layers of filo pastry stuffed with our milk custard, Topped with honey and crushed pistachios. Different...good! Slightly similar to baklava, but more fluffy and lighter...not as saturated with honey. Yum.

I've definitely had better in town, but this is a good place to check out if you are nearby.
I'm not the biggest fan of Mediterranean food but I am a big fan of Stephanie S., it was her birthday dinner and I couldn't miss it!
So the place was empty which always scares me, but maybe that was a good thing because we had a large party that they had to deal with. For how dead the place was, service was spotty. Had to keep asking for more pita bread (which was warm and tasty). Our food came out really slow and staggered, a couple who had left and came back later somehow got their food before myself and another friend. I ordered the Chicken Shwarma sandwich (12$) and he got the Lamb Shwarma platter I think. Well, when we were wondering if they forgot about us, we could hear who we assume is the chef yelling about Shwarma...uh oh! Not too much longer and we finally got our food. My sandwich was huge with a giant side of fries. I was pleasantly surprised how good it was, it was so big I was able to share it with my husband who showed up late. Another friend ordered Lebni which I had never had before, if I was ever to go for Mediterranean again I would order this to share, or just to snack on with drinks.
So this venture hasn't swayed me onto the Mediterranean fan boat. I will eat it, but I wouldn't choose it if I had a choice.
I'm sorry I have to share what's going on at Hedarys. Over the past few months you never know when there going to be open or not. The food is still great but you can't rate a place based on just the food. The service is mediocre at best and the whole experience has become very disappointing . I'm not going back anymore they have used up my patience . Try Khourys on Fort Apache it's the real deal , the complete package
I love Mediterranean food and enjoy it more when it's not cookie-cutter, chain-restaurant food. This little place is very enjoyable- not fancy or anything, but feels authentic and homemade. 

The items are priced a bit high- the prices will limit my visits, but the food I had was mostly terrific. I had the gyro platter with fatoush, and my companion and I shared hummus, baba ganoush and the freshly made pitas. Mmmm- everything was full of flavor!  

Which leads to my only criticism. 

I love garlic. I love it more than the average person, it seems. I wanted the baba ganoush because I knew it would be garlicky.  But the afternoon we were there the garlic was soooo strong my tongue was tingling and my mouth hurt!  The salad actually verged on being inedible. I took it home to see if i could dilute it with additional lettuce, but by then the garlic had mellowed a bit so it didn't hurt. Wow. 

I'll definitely come back, but if that's how they always use garlic, I might have to get my fatoush & ganoush fix elsewhere.
Wow amazing food. They got new owners but food is the same but taste even better. The service was wonderful. Would defintly recommend.
Used to eat here once a week until it changed ownership. Food went from a perfect 10 to maybe a 4. The chef that yells at everyone is gone and as much as I didn't care for him, he pretty much made the place. Don't think I will head back unless word around town changes about their food.
Was quite underwhelmed to be perfectly honest. Slow service, pricier than some competition and for what? The food was just ok, no one was impressed; there are much better places to go for Mediterranean food in town. This restaurant may have been great under its previous management, but we won't be returning.
The price is decent, portions are solid and the atmosphere is good. Only complaint was the slow kitchen. There are no pictures because we ate everything.
Bookmarked for many years, I finally enjoyed a meal at Hedary's thanks to my friend Steven S.'s suggestion to dine here before we went to Container Park.  He and Nicole B. will be married in a few months.  None of us had eaten here and the whole menu sounded good.  We started with hummus not sure what else we would get, and the hot pita was amazing with it.  These combo platters stood out so as a table of 4 we all agreed to share 2 of them, and Nicole B. also ordered the cheese fyatir bread with mushrooms and za'atar, similar to a pizza.

I was drawn to the mezze, a chef's choice sampler of 12 appetizers and salads.  Ours came with...
1) hummus (so we got doubles!)
2) baba ganoush
3) feta cheese and olives with slices of tomato and cucumber
4) Stuffed grape leaves
5) Labni Matoom (yogurt-cheese with mint)
6) falafel
7) loubleh - green beans with tomato, onion, garlic
8) majadra: lentils
9) Greek salad
10) fattoush
11) tabbouleh
12) khyar bil-laban: cucumbers in yogurt mint sauce

Eric R. was drawn to the meat combo (our server's favorite dish) which consisted of rice, tomatoes, and...
1) beef shish kabob
2) kafta: ground sirloin with onion, parsley, spices
3) Mqaniq - pork sausage (only Eric R. ate this)
4) sujuk - beef and jalapeno sausage
5) kibbi - ground sirloin with bulgur stuffed with onions and pine nuts

This was a huge amount of food, plenty to share - maybe could have been enough for 6?!  The stand outs for me in the mezze were the Bulgarian feta chunks (yum), the labni matoom, and the tabbouleh.  From the meat combo, I only tried the sujuk and the kibbi because the guys at the table were carnivorous and had the plate in front of them, but I loved both the sujuk and the kibbi!

What I like about the menu is that if you want a salad, you can pick any salad and add protein to it (lamb, beef, gyro, chicken, salmon, or shrimp).  Eric R. is interested in coming back for the meat-filled dolmas but I make them at home so he is already well fed by me!  I want to come back for lunch because lunch specials include a smaller portion of an entree but come with a choice to fattoush, tabbouli, hummus, baba ganoush or soup on the side.  Service was great and the chef even came out to chat with us after the meal to see what we thought.  He told us all of the sausages are made in house.

Side note: the women's bathroom is really interesting.  There is a mutant mirror and purse hook in there!

I would go back, and when I do, I will devise a way to get both sujuk and kibbi on my plate!
Not a place for me... The food is good enough, even with the change of cooks. I heard the crazy, screaming, demeaning chef is gone... But they say they kept his recipes.  

One of the problems with this place has been that you go and they are closed for a private group or closed with no one inside, you call and they say they are open and you arrive and they say we are full and not taking any more lunch diners, or the 1 month vacation sign when you pull up.  

Today we went and expressed frustration over these issues and the guy said we are under new management... No apology, no thanks for giving us so many chances, nothing. Basically listened and walked away. 

The Greek salad and Gyros was good today but the Creamy Gyro sauce was soooo 
garlicky my mouth is still zinging.  I like more manners than these folks; cooks, managers, et al demonstrate.  

If it was a carry out place only, it would not make as much difference. I will use this restaurant for carry-out only in the future.
My boyfriend and I have eaten at Hedary's twice and both times have really enjoyed the food!

We had the stuffed grape leaves for our appetizer.  Just as tasty as it was the first time we tried it.

I had the Frarej - the half baked chicken with potatoes, tomatoes, with a yummy coating of garlic, lemon and olive oil.  It was quite juicy and tender and I loved the flavor.  My boyfriend had the Gyro sandwich, he said it looked better than it tasted, he wasn't as impressed with it.

Our server was very pleasant and would check with us every once in a while.
The atmosphere at the restaurant was relaxed and homey.  

We'll definitely go back!
So we decided to give this place a try since we live near by. We ordered the mixed salad platter which had way too much garlic and lemon. Also ordered some shish kabob which was way overcooked and was like rubber. Leaving aggravated and unhappy I would have to say that I would not be coming back here again.
I have been going to this restaurant for years.  I love the food.  I've tried most of their dishes that are meat free and I enjoyed all of it.  My only issue is the wait staff.  Like I said I have been dining there for years and the wait staff has always been just one step up from rude. They are not friendly,  they barely check on me or my friends and family.  That is the only reason they didn't give 5 stars, because I do love the food and for the most part the feel of it.  Their wait staff just needs to learn better customer service and manners... They seriously act like they don't care of I enjoy my visit our not.
2 star for food
4 star for service

Started with the stuffed grape leaves which were ok. The flavors were good but the meat stuffing was dry.

Both my husband and I ordered a chicken dish for our entree. He had the kabob and I had the half roasted chicken. The flavors were good, especially the Lebanese rice, but unfortunately our chicken was over cooked and extremely dry. 

The service was excellent and the waitress was extremely attentive.

Hopefully they would look into their cooking time and make some changes-- then maybe we will try it again.
Had never been before today.  reviews I read indicated good food and bad service.  Food was average for me after it took one hour and a half to be served from time of seating.  Service was beyond bad.  The waiter basically ignored the table once drinks were served and order was taken.  A 2 hour lunch is not acceptable.  Will not go back, too many good restaurants service wise.
The food is alright, but the wait to get the food was insane.  We waited over 2 hours.  Supposedly there was a staff shortage, but nobody told us until we had almost 2 hours invested.  You will not see me eating here again!
Have eaten here for years and always loved the food. Figured I'd stop by and grab a falafel sandwich and it was nothing like it used to be. Very sad the new owners don't have a clue. Also now way over priced. I played $13 for this with no fries used to be like $8-9 with fries and got it to go. No napkins no bag and asked twice for some hot sauce which is not the old homemade stuff they used to have that was like crack. No this is Frank's with water added....wtf. Then I asked the waiter why he didn't offer me the lunch special ( falafel plate) that was cheaper and came with hummus ? He responded oh I didn't even notice that sorry. It's alright food sucks now won't be back . I wish I would have taken a picture because compared to the picture on here of the sandwich this thing was repulsive.  Keep in mind alot of these pictures on here are from the old ownership.
Some of the same kitchen staff that was here when it originally opened. Food was great and wait staff didn't miss a beat. 

Always great.
This place seriously used to be amazing. I haven't been back here in about 5 years or so, and thought id give it a shot since I didn't want to drive all the way to Khourys. (I'll never be lazy again I swear!) I ordered a chicken dish that was the worst tasting meal of my life. Not one thing tasted good. The chicken was rubbery and so seasoned to the point of being repulsive. Flavorless rice and bland soup. Clearly under new ownership and no continuity. I wish I would have checked the reviews before. $20 later for just lunch for myself ( no alcohol) and I have major food regret. I'm sorry for the harsh review.
Can't ask for better at this off the beaten path strip center off Sahara blvd.  What I ate was fantastic and Jason, the waiter, was courteous while being extremely attentive. Great to see service like that at this type of location. With knife like precision  my apps came out.  Babbaganush then Falafil, whoa this is great food,incredible warm pita puffed up, which gently gives in to your touch.  Food was so good I ordered take out after dinner!
I was impressed.  This place offers great value for your dollar.  Everything is hand made from scratch (including the pita bread).  The owners clearly care about their product and it shows in food.

I've never written a Yelp review before and this food was so good I was inclined to tell the world.
Great food. Nice atmosphere. Good service. And now has alcohol. Salads and sandwiches are delicious. Will be back.
Tried this restaurant and have found my new favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  As soon as you walk in, the smell of Mediterranean spices and food is great.  The waiter, Jason, was very helpful and pleasant explaining the menu and provided recommendations.  He came to check on my table frequently and made sure I had everything I needed.  I ordered the Shawarma Lamb plate.  One of the best meals of my life.  The ticket time had to be max 10-15 minutes but tasted like it could have taken an hour to make it was so good.  The environment, cleanliness, menu, service, and food were great.  I am definitely going back and am so happy to have found this gem.
Excellent food and service. Had the hummus and kabobs, chicken, steak and shrimp.  Can't wait to go back.
We stopped in during work cup soccer season. Greece V Costa Rica. Really cute and clean. Fabulous way to spend an afternoon. We grazed for nearly 4 hours!! Michael our waiter was so attentive and passionate about our food going into great detail about each dish. The house  Red Sangria ( they also have white) was excellent. We started with 'Fatosh' a mediterranian type salad . Adding to the table was an excellant dip baba ganoosh with this crazy tasty pita bread that looked like it had been put on steroids. Frarej ..oh yes!! This was an Amazing roasted chicken . I mean over the top. Yum.. the shish kebab combo a skewer of satisfaction.  Yep had that as well! It was shrimp & lamb (not both on the same skewer)
Served on a bed of seasoned rice similar to a pilaf. Again it was excellent.  HALF TIME . Great chance to take an eating break and we moved towards the liqueors. Michael introduced us to a Lebanese grape liqueor that is slow fermented through a 5 step process and a hint of aniseed is added. Somewhat similar to sweet ouzo . I liked that alot, probably to much :) Arak fakar. Ask for that for sure!  Honestly. I don't eat or drink this much but with the world cup soccer match so exciting and the chef was from Costa Rica how on earth could we leave when the match went into extra time. Better try the Lebanese coffee.. Really powerful but subtle.
The soccer match was now going to a penalty kick shoot off. Perfect time for desert!  We tried two of them ( just in case) we started with shabiet, a light cream custard baked in a filo pastry and paieed it with the white sangria Wasn't a huge fan of the shabiet,however our contingency plan worked well as the baklava. Layers of filo pastry pistachio nuts and a sweet butter. Oh yes!. I couldn't resist another coffee . The check. All this for hours and hours of an amazing afternoon just $100.00.
Again in the Lebanese tradition the hospitality was so welcoming.  
We will return!
Thanks to Michael and the adorable Chef.
The hummus came with some cucumbers and a pickled vegetable. My dinner mate found it lacking in authenticity, particularly because of the chickpea chunks. Chicken shish kabob for me, Kafta for him. Everything was cooked fine, served hot, with strong flavors.

I've got nothing bad to say, but there's just no "coup de foudre" here.
Great food, music, bar, and hookahs.  The fresh oven-baked pita is omazing and the kabobs are succulent.  This place also entertains with Argentine Tango, Salsa, DJs, Belly Dancing, and live music on different nights.  To top it off it's extremely affordable (yet classy) and convenient if you live close to ASU.   This is my new weekly destination.
I recently discovered Mijana while visiting the Goodwill that just opened up in the same nondescript strip mall.  I first saw it from across the parking lot and I walked over to investigate.  There were tables set up outside and a hookah bar next door.  A poster on the window of Mijana advertised belly dancing.  It looked like a cool place and I made a mental note to check it out soon.

A few days later I found myself sitting across from my girlfriend in the spacious interior of Mijana.  This place is huge and a great deal of effort has been put into making it classy.  There is a large stage with a sound system that is superior to most of the rock clubs in this city.  When we were there a middle eastern band was tinkering around with their keyboards, stringed instruments and hand drums.  When they started paying later into our dinner I was pleasantly surprised.  They played middle eastern styled instrumental music that was not overbearing.  

The food is awesome.  Pita bread is made on site and is light, warm and fluffy which is unlike the compressed dense pita that one gets at most mediterranean restaurants.  We were brought out an olive oil dip infused with herbs that went well with the pita.  For our dinner we ordered the fattouch salad, vegetarian plate and lamb kabob.

The fattouch salad was amazing with its' lemony tart dressing and crispy pita pieces.  My dining companion commented that it may have been a bit salty, but it did not detract from the salad at all.

The vegetarian plate was composed of falafel, hummus, tabouli, baba ganoush, dolmades, salad and a block of feta.  I think that the quality of hummus is always a good indicator of what the rest of the food will be like.  I dived right in with my pita and was impressed - it was light and creamy.  The Falafel were also excellent and tasted homemade as opposed to the mixes that other places use.   Usually I hate domades (stuffed grape leaves) - I've had too many bad ones in this town but these were really good.  Tabouli is also something that I am not usually too enthusiastic about but  Mijana's tabouli was fresh and delightful.  Everything on this plate was flavorful and made of excellent ingredients.  I've never sampled a feta so delectable.

The lamb kabobs were tender and succulent with a subtle charred taste.  I usually don't eat lamb, but this made we want to eat more of our wool bearing friends.

We really enjoyed our meal and hopefully will be back soon to check out some belly dancing.  Mijana has carved out an amazing space in this lonely strip of Tempe suburbia.
This is one of our favorite restaurants but it's not easily visible from Scottsdale Rd, so I worry that it won't get the attention it deserves.

The place is one giant open room with a huge amount of tables, a stage for a band, and a floor for dancing. There are three massive circular areas for parties, two of which are raised. But you could also have a party at the long tables that are in the center of the floor. There is a full-service bar.

Mijana is great for late night feasting and partying. They have Wednesday Salsa night. On other nights they have live bands and they bring in belly dancers. Men and ladies actually do get up and dance. The dance floor was packed the night we stayed there late enough for the dancing. The entertainment is scheduled to start around 9 but it doesn't usually get going until about 10, and they'll stay open as long as people want to party, usually until 1 or 2 am.

The food is amazing! This is a vegetarian's paradise, though there is plenty of meat. I'm vegan, but one of our meat-eating groups of friends that we brought loved the food. We brought a second group of meat-eaters who didn't care for the meat so much. The vegetarian plates are all amazing. From my point of view, the meat plates look rather boring, but I'm not the one to rely on for a meat review...

Our favorite dishes: 

1) Moussaka - (eggplant with chickpeas, onions, green peppers, in an amazingly flavored sauce. AMAZING!

2) Eggplant Rehab - this is an eggplant dip with pita, cucumbers, and tomatoes plus other flavors. It's got a gooey texture and I hear that some Americans are turned off by the look and feel of it, but it's so flavorful. It's one of my favorites. People should get over their fear of goo and try this. Yum.

The pita is not like other pita you get at most places. It's the best. The hummus, babaganouj, falafal, and all the other vegetarian items are all so good. Vegans -- just make sure you tell them no tatsiki or feta cheese, etc.

One of the unusual things about this place is that it really doesn't start buzzing until 10 pm. At 10:00, Lebanese families start flooding in and that's when the party begins. Until about 9 or 10, you are likely to be the only people in the restaurant and if you don't know to expect it, you'll be shocked to see the place suddenly on fire after 10.

A couple other things: the owner is so friendly. He has never forgotten us since the first time we discovered his place. And the ambiance of the restaurant is great. It's very nice and there's a patio. The hookah vendor next door will even bring out the hookahs late at night on the weekends for you to smoke.

We've come for a quiet meal as a couple, we've come to party for my birthday -- and also just to party -- and we've brought our children. It's always good.
I had heard that Mijana serves labneh, and so I decided to wander in...especially since I haven't been able to find labneh since I moved to the valley almost 4 years ago! They used to carry it at Trader Joe's but for some reason they stopped. Anyhow, I was unable to actually have a sit down experience but I stopped in and picked up a carry out. 

The restaurant itself is well equipped for entertainment, and it sounds like they have nightly events. My server was very friendly, and I was able to get my carry out quickly. I waited at the bar for a moment while they were putting the carry out together, and witnessed a discussion between the young bartender and two customers. The customers wanted a Crown Manhattan, and suffice it to say, the bartender did not display great knowledge of bartending. 

I definately hope to go back to Mijana and have  a full experience, their menu appears to be quite authentic and im always a fan of live entertainment.
Just had Dinner at Mijana and it was delicious as always. The staff was very accommodating as always and I always enjoy the atmosphere.
We took our friends out to dinner & chose this place off of yelp reviews. We were excited when we looked at the website promising belly dancing and live music and a Lamb Shank that falls off the bone. So the Lamb Shank lived up to the hype, but we were the only customers there for most of our visit, which actually made it kind of nice :) and no live entertainment. So we laughed out loud & enjoyed our friends. 
We tried the Quail hummus... delicious! I had the fattoush salad... the taste was good but the size of the veggies was not appealing to my mouth, I would prefer a more chopped friendly salad. My friends were happy with their choices which I tried & all the food was at a high standard of preparation. The authentic beer selection was terrible. 
The service was personable, very authentic & spicy ;) I liked the feel of the place, the owner was there & checked on us - he gave us coupons for the buffet & we are excited to go back for more. He also explained that they were packed through the holidays & decided to give the live entertainment some time off, but encouraged us to come back to check it out. Woohoo!  All in all, nice find!!
Friend Tish C. turned me on to this place, & that it has a BUFFET!!!     :-))     so we got an UYE group together consisting of Robyn N., Norm R., Mike C. & myself, & stormed the place.

The "FIVESTARNESS":

*  This is an unusual, delicious lunch buffet with adequate choices (I forgot to count them), offered with comfortable seating in a fairly large dining room.

*  The food wasn't labeled, so I can't say what much of it was, but suffice it to say that everything was fresh & good, with an array of cold & hot items to enjoy.  Pocket pita bread, served at the table, was kept generously stocked & was suitable for inserting hummus & some of the other tastes from the serving area.

The "NONFIVESTARNESS":

*  Shortly after our arrival, loud Lebanese music began playing.  I requested a turn down & got it, but pretty soon someone turned it back up some again.

*  The food wasn't labeled.

*  Table service was good at the beginning, but fizzled out part way throughout our meal, & we had to hunt down the person to take our money when it was time to leave.

Bottom line?  Good, fun place to have Lunch Buffet for $9.95, daily from 11 AM except Saturday.
We had a uye buffet lunch here today with Rand h, Norm R and Robyn N. and i can not think of to many other Lebanese restaurant to compare it to but I wish there was because even though I did not know a lot of the dishes I was eating I really enjoyed everything I tried. I look forward to going back on a different day to try some more of this delicious cuisine. So if your in the mood to try something a little different I would recommend  Mijana because YAY I am a fan.
This review is for Mijana's lunch buffet. I would recommend this to anyone who would like try Lebanese cuisine and get an opportunity to try several dishes in one sitting. The dishes are well presented and I found most of them to be very good. I do wish, though, that they would have labels for the different dishes, like some buffets do, with perhaps a brief phrase describing what each dish is; for instance: "Dolmades - vegetarian stuffed grape leaves."  Our group at the buffet UYE today  (Rand H., Mike C., Robyn N., and me) kept asking each other, "What do you think this is? ... What's in here?" because a lot of the dishes were unfamiliar, although they were really good. The service, while friendly, could be a bit more attentive. The restaurant is very spacious and seating is comfortable. Also, parking - which seems to be a problem in most other Mediterranean restaurants - is no problem here.
Just barely 4 stars and that's because the food was very good.

Went here for the lunch buffet today with Rand H, Norm R and Mike C.  The buffet is small, but with lots of yummy stuff.  I only wish I knew what most of it was because nothing was labeled.  When we asked our waiter? what kind of soup, he said he didn't speak English but would go to the back and find out; it was lentil soup, and it was very good.   There was hummus, baba ghannoush and a couple other unknown dips to eat with the delicious homemade pita bread.  Check out Norm R's photos of the puffy pita pockets - they tasted as good as they looked!  There were stuffed peppers, chicken on the bone and a couple platters of red sauce - one had beans and an unknown meat - another had squash? with what seemed to be lamb meatballs.  I just wish they had some sort of dessert other than the canned fruit cocktail and some sort of pudding? that tasted good, but again, we had no idea what it was.  Baklava would have been the perfect ending to the meal.  

The service was almost non existent, the music was a little too loud for lunch even after Rand asked them to turn it down a bit, and not only did we have to chase them down for our check, we actually paid standing at the waiter station.  

I did check out their regular menu and while everything looks good, it seems a little pricey.  The lunch buffet was reasonably priced at $9.95.
I have had some pretty good Lebanese food in LA, and I was expected mouth-watering flavors and the tangy flavors of the cuisine.  I think I set such high expectations, but the food was still good nonetheless.  I would have to say the hummus was delicious.  The price was pretty reasonable, but I think some of the other entrees could have been seasoned with more Mediterranean flavors.
I was there for a meeting and arrived late (as usual) so I missed out on the fabulous looking buffet. BUT, I did try and have the Soup of the Day, which was lentil soup that day. Wow, what a great meal! And it was only $5! Big bowl of tasty soup that really hit the spot as the meeting was progressing and my tummy was aching for something warm and tasty. can't wait to go back and try the rest of the tasty treats.
I read that the service was poor, and, my fellow Yelpers, you don't lie.  We were greeted with a generous helping of silence, followed by disbelief when my friends tried to order off the menu for lunch.  I can't take them anywhere, but it was my fault, I know that they won't do a buffet.  So, after being told that it would take a while, we were informed that the gyro would not be coming.  After that, my friends watched me enjoy the buffet, which was followed by my friend who was now on a forced diet because his gyro didn't make it and me watching friend number two eat.  The food is actually good, and I love buffets, but I don't think we'll be going back.
I got takeout and I didn't even feel a slight tinge of homesickness or memories evoked by this place's food.

Amazingly nice staff, fabulous service (they offered  me a drink while I waited and could not have been more courteous).

However, what Arab salad doesn't have the crispy bread pieces?  Why was my lamb tough?  Where did you get this super thick pita bread?  Who taught you to make hummus?

Save your money and go to Pita Jungle instead--other than hearing Arabic, I felt it was just as authentic as the cheaper option.  In fact, I'd go here if there weren't several other "pita jungle' type options in the area.

PRO: they had the right pickles.  That counts for a lot.  If you want to hang out and smoke shisha, this is definitely your place.
Fantastic food and service was great.
Had the home-made pita bread with the combo appetizer which contained some of the best Babaganoush, and Dolmas I've ever had in addition to the hands down best pita bread in town. It comes hot out of the oven. Also had some sort of oil sesame seed I don't know the name of which was really good.
For the main course I had the lamb shank which was nice and soft and came off the bone and onto my rice. Yummy.

The hookahs come from next door and they were good, and the coals were added regularly without having to ask for it.

Service was great with everyone checking on us regularly.

Decor isn't the greatest and has a ethnic-restaurant feel to it but I don't mind that.

Live entertainment with Lebanese music, belly dancer next door, and people dancing was pretty nice.
Stopped by here on a Saturday night for dinner with friends.... and ended up staying like 4 hours!

We ordered drinks, hookah, and dinner menu items.

The food was delicious, and the homemade pita bread was outstanding.
The hookah was delicious... but the real standout here was the service.

Everytime I thought we may need new coals... BAM, there they were offering us new coals.  If we were close to being out of a drink, BAM, another drink would appear!
They even brought over complimentary smoothie tastings, and gave us $10 off coupons for our next visit.

After 9:30pm there was a live band that played inside and people danced on the dance floor, and there was a belly dancer performing on the patio!

Loved loved loved it.
A friend invited me..she had a flyer for belly dancing lessons at 6pm .we met up there at 630.. And there was only the hostess /waitress/bartender and a couple other employees standing around .we sat and ordered a drink and hummus .waiting for the dancers ,and slowly after 7 they walked in. I met one Rosa very nice .she invited me to her studio on 7st and camelback.so the show consist of r&b ,reggae ton and country it was fun but I would have loved to see and hear middle eastern music. All and all I was entertained. The lamb kebobs were ok and beside me searching for are hostess at the bar. She was great.
dined here on february 25, 2011.

the variety of food available at this buffet is a bit limited, but maybe this is just the nature of lebanese buffets. i believe the meats available were chicken and perhaps lamb tucked into some of the dishes. 

most everything is cooked in lots of oil. this place would be good for the paleo crowd, if they avoid the bean dishes. 

all the cooked dishes are kept in small pans, so everything is pretty fresh as the chef will continually restocks them when they run low.
The first half of the night gets a 5, the second half gets a 1...so all in all a 3. 
My bf and I dined here last night, and I have very mixed feelings. The first half was great, the second not so much. 
We got there early, around 5:45. There was only two other groups there and we were seated immediately. We planned to stick around for a couple hours to watch the show, so we tried a few appetizers. I have to say, it is hard to find a place that has good hummus and good falafel. It's usually one or the other. This place had the best I've ever had, and the pitas are delightfully fresh. We also had the baba ganoush, but that was not as blended as I usually like, there were still lots of seeds and it was a little slimy. Our first two rounds of Adios Amigos (adios motherf*ckers) were strong and yummy, just the way I like them. 

Around 6:30 they started to get busier, as people were arriving for the show (second Sunday of the month is Bollywood style dancing). Another waitress came in but that was still only 2 servers for everyone. It took more that 20 minutes before we could flag down one of them so we could order our meals and another drink. The last drink, I'm pretty sure they made with double rum and no tequila. Blech! Once we got our food I was a little surprised because I didn't think stuffed zucchini would be a chilled dish. Turns out it's not, my food was just cold, and I don't mean room temp I mean fridge cold. She takes it make, microwaves it for about 30 seconds and brings it back. 
My meal tasted like they took Uncle Ben's spanish rice and stuffed it in some zucchini. He had the beef shwarma, and said it was so-so. 

The entertainment was great, and our waitress was very helpful before other people started showing up. We might go back another night for more appetizers and to see a show or we may try the lunch buffet.
One server, one cook, one guy making bread. Had a Groupon so didn't do the buffet. Ordered two dips and had to ask for more bread. Also had to flag down server to order drinks. A wait for our meals and not much meat that was dry and overcooked. Maybe dinner or the buffet is better but having been to that part of the world and had that food, I wasn't impressed enough to be back. My Groupon was for $40 so when I got my bill and it said a discount for less and the amount I figured I owed wasn't the same as what I was told, I asked the server. She said she couldn't help me because the owner did the bill and she couldn't fix it. Seriously? Not good!
We moved to the area recently and have planned to visit Mijana many times, but only made it out tonight. We arrived just after they opened for dinner, so it was pretty empty except for a birthday party by the stage area.

The waitress was attentive and had drinks and food for us very quickly.
I'm a freak about hummus and make my own pretty regularly, so I know what I like. The hummus here was absolutely wonderful; a good traditional creamy hummus.

The first batch of pita that came with it was nothing special, but the second batch was wonderful. It was hard to believe these came from the same kitchen, but I'm glad we asked for more.

My wife had the lamb shank dinner and I had the Kofta kebab, and we both agreed that our meat was delicious, but the rice was spectacular. The salad that came with the meal is always like garnish to me; good but nothing special and certainly not the star of the meal.

If I have the chance I may come back for the lunch buffet, but the dinner was great, even if a little expensive. For the lamb it seems appropriate, but kofta/kefta always seems like it should be cheaper than it is.

Hummus: 5/5
Pita: 4/5 (second serving was much better)
Lamb shank dinner: 5/5 
Kofta kebab: 5/5

Service: 5/5
Clean: 5/5
My husband, daughter and I arrived for dinner. Besides us, there was only 1 couple there.  Service was extremely poor and the food was less than good.

It took us 15 minutes to get our drinks and when I needed a refill, I had to go to the bar and get it myself.  The man told me that he was busy!  He was watching TV!!!!!

One hour later - we FINALLY get our food and my husband's lamb was cold in the center.  It was obviously microwaved and not long enough to heat the center.   The pita bread had raw dough in the center and my meal was just OK.

A bellydancer asked me how my meal was and I told her that we were a little disappointed.  She went and got the owner, who would not even let me explain why we were unhappy - all he heard was "my husband's lamb is cold" and he cut me off and ran off with his plate and brought back the same plate - microwaved more.

He needs to learn to listen to the customer, especially when they have a valid complaint.  It was a total waste of time and money.  It took us over 2 hours to get out of there and the place was almost empty.  

Mijana has become our family's inside joke. When we are hungry, we say "how about Mijana?" and we all start laughing.  

There are much better middle-eastern restaurants in the valley and we will never be back to Mijana.
Great place to take salsa dancing lessons! Very basic, fun and you don't even have to have a dance partner!
I'm not gonna lie- I'm easy to please, but Mijana is a cut above.

Over the past year I've made a conscious effort to try independent, local businesses with greater frequency, and I've come across some real treasures.  Mijana is a shining example of this.

I've been to Mijana several times, and it's because of a combination of service and taste.  The very first time I came in was on a Sunday afternoon, and I hadn't the foggiest idea of many of the items I was trying.  The waitress actually took me up to the buffet after my lunch, and walked me through everything I had just tried.  I enjoyed everything but the baba ghanouj, and that was an issue of texture rather than taste- I've never cared much for eggplant anyways.

Honestly, I've never tried anything but the buffet, and part of that is because I have a huge appetite.  It's not a 50-dish ensemble, but man, the 20 or so items on there are swell.

The pita bread is made on-site, and quite frankly is the best I've ever had- light, fluffy, and warm.

I plan on dining here many more times in the future, as I just genuinely enjoy it so much.
Food took forever to arrive and when it did, it was a disappointment. Salad was quite sour, and the grill meats was dry and didn't have much flavor to it. Didn't seem like much food, but the bill sure was a surprise!! 
The only interesting thing they have is belly dancing and salsa dancing for the night.
Sadly, Mijana has discontinued the weekday Lunch Buffet, so I won't be returning.     :-(
Delicious food...I enjoyed the hummus with homemade, tasty pita and the kofta kebab.  It was fantastic!

Convenient location in north Tempe/south Scottsdale.  Reasonably nice interior and friendly staff.
Not too shabby I guess.  I wasn't too impressed with the food here.  I ordered the beef shawarma not too sure what it really was.  The hummus was pretty good along with my pita bread.  However, that wasn't the main meal. The beef was pretty dry along with the dry bed of rice.  Needless to say, I needed some water!  I must give them kudos for the sangria. It looked pretty cloudy at first, but when you take the first sip....oh yeah it's good! 

Service is pretty good and and fast.  I appreciate the belly dancing show and the floor turns into a salsa dancing fest during the evening.  I've danced here many times and it's pretty good since there's actually room for you to move around.  However, ventilation is rough....sweat! - Enjoy
my first lebanese food experience was on a weeknight.  There were plenty of tables available and I was encouraged to see a number of the people seated appeared to be lebanese (don't hate me for the racial profile assumption on my part). The main dining area surrounds a stage & dance floor.  Along the back wall is a full service bar & buffet.  But the buffet was empty when we arrived (perhaps its only used at lunch??)
The server was very friendly & helpful and I suspect she was an owner based on her interactions with some of the guests.  (another assumption)
we ordered Fatayer which is a hot appetizer, spinach pies in philo which my companion loved.
for our entrees we had stuffed zucchini (stuffed with rice) and Mousaka (eggplant in a tomato sauce) which surprised me by being a bit spicy.
The fresh pita bread was complimentary and DELICIOUS. Made fresh there at the restaurant, it was soft and hot and I could have eaten it and the rice pilaf alone as my meal they were both that good.
Next time we go will be on a Saturday evening.  They have belly dancers after 7pm.
I was a guest of a friend who was hosting a family style dinner on Arabian night which included live traditional Arabic/Iraqi music and belly dancers.  I will start by saying although I was a guest; I was made to feel just like part of the family and was told I was going to have a great time, which I most certainly did. Our evening started with an Arabic serenade and the tempo progressed throughout the evening. Our dinner was family style so I didn't order off the menu which I was perfectly fine with. The Lebanese dinner included a salad, piles of pita bread, hummus, babaghanouj, dipping oils, a fried appetizer platter, Beef/ Chicken Shawarma and rice.  I enjoyed all the food and the host ensured my plate was constantly replenished which was a welcomed gesture.  I devoured every helping.   During dinner we were entertained by belly dancers who captivated the entire restaurant.  These dancers were quite talented and had everyone out of their seat dancing and throwing handfuls of money at them. It was magical. 

Aside from the great entertainment, I was pulled out to the dance floor and participated in a traditional group dance- everybody was dancing in their traditional belly dancing style.  I had no reservations showing off my best Shakira inspired "hips don't lie" moves.  I fit right in.  After the dance, we all took a break to enjoy some Hookah out on the patio provided by Hookah Mania which is hip hookah lounge located next door.
This wasn't a dream. It really happened.
I went there recently for an event that had over 130 people.  The event leader said she had told the owner far in advance of the event and of the amount of people.  

The service was predictably slow, but I mean reaaaaaallllllyyyyyy slow.  They only had 2 servers, yes 2.  We had to get up and get the server, get our own water and drinks at the bar they were so overwhelmed.  This is OK at an Arbys, but not at a restaurant.  

My rating isn't for the servers, they did their best to keep up, my rating is for the owner who really didn't care.
To put it succinctly, the service at Mijana bordered on the comically absurd.  

Before weaving this narrative, I will disclaim that it blows my mind that after years of being in business (and countless reviews attesting to the sub-par service) that there has been little to no improvement in that department.

Our party arrived for "International Night" at 7p on a Sunday night.  (The second Sunday of each month this restaurant hosts a few performers/acts from varying parts of the world.  Tonight we got to enjoy Brazilian Samba, Egyptian Bellydance, and Spanish Flamenco.  The entertainment was wonderful!

Upon our arrival, the restaurant was less than half empty.  I noticed three servers and the manager/owner in attendance.  As we were seated we immediately asked for a high chair for our toddler.  That high chair arrived about an hour and a half later.   It probably took 15 minutes before we received menus.  No drink orders were taken, no waters brought to the table  (They arrived about a half hour later).

We had been seated for about twenty minutes before I flagged down a server and asked if we could order.  Her reply was, "she has not come, yet?" and took off to find our server.  When our gal arrived, there were no apologies or explanations.  We pre-empted our order with the disclaimer that we were all very hungry and wanted to order right away.  So our orders were finally placed after we had been at the restaurant for nearly thirty minutes.  The beer I ordered never arrived, but I had to get up and let the server know once my third appetizer plate came to the table.  No apologies.

I ordered seven hot appetizers.  The first three arrived about thirty minutes after they were ordered.  The Quail, Fatayer, and Foul Moudamas.

Quail (sauted over hummus): Perfect portion for one person, absolutely flavorful and delicious.  Crisp and spicy/sweet on the outside, juicy and flavorful on the inside.

Fatayer (four spinach pies with onions, sumac, and line nuts): Nothing to rave  about, basically a lackluster version of Spanakopita without the feta.

Foul Moudamas (fava beans cooked with garlic and lemon juice, topped fresh diced tomatoes, cilantro with drizzle of olive oil): Loved this, fresh and packed with flavor.

I had to get up and get more bread for our dips, as server was nowhere to be seen.  I had to constantly clear the table of plates as no one came to the table to do so.  At one point, about an hour and fifteen minutes after we arrived, the owner came to the table to ask how the food was  (the music was so loud I was virtually screaming at him and I barely heard him).  I handed him a stack of plates that I was just clearing from the table and mentioned how the food tasted great, but we were all still hungry...hint hint.

The server never came to follow up on our food, to ask if we wanted refills, or just to see how everyone was doing.  Around 8:30p, one hour after our orders were placed, I had to once again get up and find the server to ask about the remaining dishes I ordered.  At that time she informed me that they were out of two of the appetizers I ordered.  No Sambusek, no Makanek.  No apologies.  Fine, but the appropriate thing to do would have been to come to the table and inform us about this, and offer something else instead.  Long story short, she mentioned that my Chicken Shawarma Hummus was on its way, more than an hour after I ordered it.  The final appetizer I ordered, would arrive an hour and fifteen minutes after order was placed.

Hummus Shawarma (chicken over hummus with pine nuts) My favorite dish of the night, tasted exactly like Pita Jungle's version  (Just costs more).  The chicken was outstanding.  Soft, succulent, and savory.  

Garlic shrimp (sauted shrimp in garlic cilantro)  Second favorite dish.  Generous portion of gorgeously plump prawns, well seasoned and very flavorsome.

We snickered collectively when the hostess of the evening announced that the entertainment was coming to a close, and that there would be Samba lessons.  I quote, "I hope that your food has settled so you can enjoy some dancing lessons."  Everyone's entrees literally arrived an hour after we had come to the restaurant, right when the hostess opened up the dance floor for some lessons.

The music was so loud that I had to stuff mine and baby's ears with tissue - we were literally yelling in each other's ears so we could hear one another.  Our sweet baby had an amazing time, though!  She loved the music and the dancers and was captivated the entire time.  We were so lucky to have the entertainment to keep our minds off our growling (roaring) bellies.

Our bill arrived close to 9p, after I once again made the journey to find our server and request the bill.  No thank you's,  no smiles, no apologies from her.  

However, I would love to return for future International nights.  I will likely sit at the bar with no expectations of food or service - maybe a cocktail and some shisha.
If only the food and service matched the looks!  

While it looks plain from the outside, Mijana is large and open inside, combining a fairly casual atmosphere with near fine dining visual appeal.  If I was basing this review on the look of restaurant alone, with its tall ceilings and long family-style tables, it would certainly get a 5 star rating!

HOWEVER, Mijana is probably the most over-priced and over-rated restaurant in the entire area!

With Middle Eastern and Mediterranean food not as popular as Italian and Asian fare, many of Mijana's close competitors shut their doors in response to these tough financial times and I can only guess that this lack of options/alternatives is responsible for Mijana receiving any positive reviews at all!

I have eaten here 4 times.  Twice I went with family, two other times I went with friends to see one of the weekend evening dance specials that people I know were performing in.  While I commend Mijana for supporting local dance talent, the restaurant's primary concern should be supporting the paying patrons!  After 2 tries, my immediate family refuses to return and my friends, except for the ones dancing, have not been back!

Each of the 4 times I have gone, the service has become more and more dispicable and the food has only become less and less edible.  

The reheated pans of low-grade and truly off-tasting ingredients at the buffet only seem like a "bargain" for the price until you actually try it.  What doesn't get eaten one night seems to get reheated for the next night's dinner service and the next, etc...

The food off the regular menu is way overpriced in relation to the quality that ends up on your plate.  The dishes are unoriginal and, despite the fact that the stereotypical Mediterranean/Middle-Eastern fare should be predictable, the only thing you can count on is that it's bland and will probably be cold to the touch by the time the server finally brings it to your table!

The waitstaff is almost always insufficient (a cost-cutting measure by a greedy owner?) with only 2 servers (if you're lucky) working most weekend dinner services.  Speaking of service, it is consistently the slowest I've ever experienced at any restaurant.  Additionally, food items do not arrive together (members of my group were often served at different times and TWICE we didn't get bread for our Hummus appetizer until AFTER we completed the main courses, even though we made the server aware) and that's just the start!  

Bringing any issues to the attention of the floor manager simply results in a dismissive attitude and no results...if he is in a GOOD mood!  When he's not, he'll treat you like a dog.  The way my mom and I were spoken to when we asked about drinks (after a 25 minute wait at the table without even water to sip on) was appalling!  And, the servers could care less.  They don't "serve", but they sure don't hesitate to express their upset when the tip is lacking.  You will not leave feeling even remotely appreciated or valued as a customer, I guarantee it!

If you do decide to dine at Mijana, prepare yourself for a long, expensive night of substandard food and the worst customer care in the Valley!  Unless your friend is dancing there that night or you want to torture your most hated in-laws, do yourself a favor and go somewhere else...anywhere else!
Service is very poor and very slow (may be acceptable in the middle east, but not in the US). Home made pita bread and appetizer were good. Main dish was very mediocre. The food is overpriced (they need to cover the cost for live music). We went there because of groupon coupons. There are many good restaurants in Scottsdale with excellent food and good service that I will enjoy, so no need to go back to mijana.
A little mixed. I have been here twice. First time-great service and I thought the food (beef and chicken shwarmas) were excellent. Second time there was during the friday night belly dancing. Service was slow. Restaurant wasn't that busy, but everyone looked in the weeds. Got the chicken kabobs and first thought was that there wasn't a lot of chicken. It was very good tasting, just seemed like a small portion in comparison to the shwarma. I'll give the place another try and see how it goes....
Saw the Groupon for Lebanese food and thought we'd check it out.  We had the lamb kabobs, falafel and a salad.  Everything tasted very good and the portions were huge.  Me and my friend couldn't get enough of the pickled beets!  The service was friendly, a couple of people came out to see how we were enjoying our meal.  I would definitely stop by again!
Here's the quickie run down:

Lentil Soup - Amazing
Hummous - Amazing
Pita Bread - Baked onsite... Amazing
Falafel - amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Kibbe - don't even usually like this.... amazing.  

All this they made for me right before closing... they rock.   Can't comment on the service but when you see amazing lebanese food... you just gotta go no matter what.  Stop reading and start driving!
Horrible service... A dinner that should have only been about an hour or so took forever... Servers were very rude... drinks were not maintained... Food took forever... the music was so loud for the dancers and for the in-between time that my husband and I could not even talk to each other...  the live dancers were hmmm so so... and being from Dearborn MI ( the 2nd largest middle eastern community in the world other than the middle east) I think I know Arabic or middle eastern food... the food is nothing to write home about... save your self the time and belly ache and go to haji baba in Tempe  on main... http://www.yelp.com/biz/haji-baba-tempe this place knows Arabic.. In fact the cook is from Michigan
Ordered delivery from here 3 times. The drivers and staff I've talked to have been very friendly, but as others have stated, I found the service to be dreadfully slow on 2/3 of my orders. As for the food, I really enjoyed it when it arrived. The fresh pita was great, and the rest of the food was good enough to order again. However, if I ever wanted Mijana again I would be traveling to the restaurant, rather than ordering delivery.
I went for happy hour. There is a sign in front of the restaurant that claims appetizers are 1/2 price. They charged full price. When I pointed this out, my waitress said, "The sign is old." She then took $4 off the bill, meant that one of the three dishes I had as 1/2 priced. This is simply dishonest business.

This is sad because I liked my meal. The quail and ful medames were very good and the kibbe was also good. The basket of pita was hot and fresh. Up until I got my check, I was satisfied.

To be fair, the manager did throw a gift card at me on my way out. A nice, if hollow, gesture (even with the gift card, I still paid more than the advertised price). I won't go back to a place that promises one price, charges another, then uses lame excuses to cover up their dishonesty. This wasn't just one bad waiter, the entire staff was dishonest.
Authentic and delicious Lebanese food. Great ambiance and full bar. We'll be back to catch the live music and belly dancers on Saturday night.  The buffet was a great deal with a wide selection including vegetarian options and dessert.
Yelped for buffets in the northern Tempe area and spotted this place being a short ride away...

Arrived about 7pm and they were just about to get the last few hot dishes out for the buffet. The place was fairly empty and I was greeted by the owner and a lovely hostess before being seated near a window. The atmosphere was looking good and you can tell this place can go nuts with the dancer's and music other yelpers mention.

The buffet had a full line-up of Mediterranean cold dips (Tzatziki,  Babaganoush, Hummus, etc..) to accompany a salad bar, and another section for very flavorful hot dishes such as eggplant, roasted chicken legs/wings, meatballs with peppers/onions/potatoes, aromatic lamb shank on rice, cous-cous, rice with lentils, and a tasty vegetable tomato-based stew. For dessert I tried a sort of cold pudding that was adorned with crushed pistachios - very tasty!

Very happy with the meal here (any buffet with lamb has my vote), but I might hold off until a special event night where I can entertain a date or party for the $16 price tag. I would also suggest coming in early on a slow night as the owner would have little reason to keep everything topped up with an empty house (and the lamb goes fast!)
This rating is based on having the buffet and a sangria. Wanted to get the buffet in order to sample a little bit of several things the restaurant offers. Wasn't sure what everything was, but nearly everything was delicious. This was an impromptu dinner out with the girls, and one of us ordered the grill chicken kebab (I think)....this was some of the juciest, most delicious chicken ever! They were starting free salsa lessons as we were finishing up, and we're thinking about going returning just for the drinks and the salsa lessons. Oh, and not to forget the pita bread. It is so fresh and delicious! If you barely like sangrias, make sure to order theirs. This is how a sangria should be made. Wonderful and will definitely return!
My friend took me out here and we had both heard some good things about it. At the end of the night, he was apologizing to me for how awful the food and service was. We're both Middle Eastern and about the only thing we liked about this place is the atmosphere, which is the only reason I'm giving them 2 stars, I'm being generous! The Food was too expensive, and we had to flag down what seemed to be the only waiter there twice to get our food after waiting over 45 minutes. The food tasted awful and old. Tasted like it was just thawed out and cooked which made it really dry. The entertainment; the belly dancer looked tired and danced like it was a chore that she couldn't wait to finish and only went to tables where most of the drunk guys who were throwing the money at her. Music was way too loud so we had to scream at each other. Never going back there again.
groupon NOW!!! we've never tried this place but a friend was coming into town and requested "some sort of ethnic food" so we headed over to Mijana. 

it was very sparse inside...a little eerie. but we were seated quickly and our drink orders were taken. i opted for a vodka limeade and it was very sour....i liked it alot!

i ordered a lentil dish, and the wife and friend ordered a tomato lentil dish. i thought both dishes were very tasty and the side of tzeziki (sp?) was very cucumbery-creamy. the side of pita bread was warm and delicious and i thought overall the meal was quite enjoyable. there were belly dancers there, but i like to eat in relative peace when i'm out with the wife so it was a bit distracting. 

i thought the prices were reasonable and there are plenty of options for non-meat eaters.
I'm always a little skeptical when I walk into a restaurant on a Friday or Saturday night and it's almost empty. That's never a good sign. However, Mijana proved to be a great new place for tasty, ethnic food that has lots of vegetarian options. My husband ordered a spiced lentil dish and I got the vegetarian moussaka. Both came with some rice and a side salad. I really enjoyed my meal and even ate the leftovers for breakfast the next morning!
Service was friendly, but since I only saw one server, and maybe one trainee, it got a little sparse once a large birthday group was seated next to our table. I had a hard time getting water refills and had to wait quite a while for the missing tzatziki that should have come with my dinner. 
Belly dancing entertainment livened up the place and apparently there was going to be salsa lessons later that night. 
Decent prices for the portion sizes. Oh, and the bread and dipping sauce they brought at the beginning of the meal was amazing!
A friend invited me out to their belly dancing show on a Friday night, so off we went. There was the option of the dinner buffet or ordering off of the menu, but I wasn't too hungry so I just got an order of pita bread and hummus. For our group of 6 people, service was off and on. After we got our food, I don't think our server came by until we were ready for the check. The pita was okaaaaaaay, have had better. The show was great though, and everyone else's food looked and smelled really good so I'd definitely give them another try.
I attended on a Sunday night to watch a belly dance performance. The restaurant was nearly empty, but based on Yelp reviews I ordered my food ASAP. I was seated quickly, but the wait for service was long, the appetizer took forever to come out, as did my wine and entree, but the food is delicious. The belly dancing was entertaining, and while the restaurant feels more banquet hall, than intimate dining, I enjoyed it.
Craving Arab food tonight amd this was the closest to my hotel. Beautiful inside, love the decor. Table cloths , cloth red napkins, dim lighting. They played traditional music, not too loud or overpowering. Full bar. Next door to a hookah lounge which is nice. Friendly service. The food was yumm. Over all, I would return.
Was expecting a buffet, but they no longer have it. Ordered from the menu, food was good.
I love the food here, but that's all I can really review about it positively. The service has never been fantastic, and i've come here quite a bit. I'm not sure if they are still serving RC Cola as the fountain drink, but that's just weird. The meals are a bit pricey in comparison to the other arabic restaurants out here. But hey, at least the owner is a nice guy!
Good food, lousy service. The employees are nice (at least the ones I met), but if you come here be prepared to 1) not have your food for an hour and, 2) drink very slowly as you will get a refill maybe once.

What was so weird about the service is that the place was practically empty and it STILL took forever. Later it filled to the brim as there was a belly dance performance, but the service stayed the same from the full hour of emptiness to the hour of being packed.

Mijana seems to rely on the other things it does (like the belly dances) for people to come in because the food, while very good, was not good enough to justify the prices they charge nor get the incredibly slow service they provide.

Essentially, if you're going just for the food, there are better options.
So I have ordered from this place twice now. Each time they have not sent what was in the description. Each time have not answered the phone when I called  to complain. I ordered the cheese and olives platter. They don't send olives they send me cucumber??? Come on? Some dishes I have had are good but most just come up lacking. Bland flavor. Lacking in spices. This place is a pass. I wish someone had told me that when you order from then don't expect to get what it says in the description. Maybe dine in is better but delivery is horrible.
been here twice, had the sampler for 2 both times, great value, great food.
The atmosphere was lively, yet unpretentious. Staff was attentive as was the friendly owner. The entertainment is phenomenal and the food is excellent. I don't have one negative comment on this place, I love it!
Here Friday nights could be noisy for you, if you hate dance and music. Food is fresh and tasty. The PITA is AWESOME!
Loved the food!  Great happy hour specials and our waitress was terrific!  Their homemade pitas are the best in town!  The vegetarian platter...yum!  I hear they have evening entertainment...we will be back!
Ordered takeout from them last night and all I can say is "woooow". This has been an eye opening exerience and a real treat. I may just convert to Islam if all of their food is as good as Mijana's take on Lebanese! jk jk

In all reality, my husband and I were sufficiently pleased with our order and will definitely be ordering from them again!

ORDER:

Chicken Shawarma Platter: 5/5 - Hubby ordered this and hoooooly God er... Allah, this... This was fantastic. I stole a bit off his plate in order to satisfy my curiosity because I'm a Shawarma nut and am trying to find awesome shawarma to lure my Israeli friend out to the desert from New York with. This might just do it. There's definitely a bit of a kick with it and it's sincerely tasty. Hubby was extremely happy

Lentil Soup: 3/5 - Arrived cold and was a little on the bland side. Nothing a microwave and salt couldn't fix Love the cheese in it. Very interesting.

Greek Salad: 5/5 - YUUUUUUM!!! They LOADED it with feta and tons of dressing and a huge amount of veggies. They definitely didn't skimp on their salad unlike most places! 

Kofta Kebab: 4/5 - This is something I've never tried before. Anywhere.... But I seriously appreciated the spice notes and juiciness of this grilled treat. It went GREAT with the sauce and the rice... Lord have mercy I may need to trade in my southern roots for more of this lemon spice rice. 

Baklava: 5/5 - So amazing. Love the tons of crushed pistachios on this AND these were FREE!!!

Pitas: 5/5 - Woooow open them up for a perfect pocket to stuff your noms in.

Service: 5/5 - Super fast and the driver as a real doll. 


All in all? 5/5 and I WILL be going back!
We tried Mijana first because the Middle Eastern man working at the Honda dealership where we bought our Fit said it was the best Middle Eastern restaurant in Phoenix and he'd tried them all. When we saw the Groupon coupon offer, pay $15 for a $30 coupon, we jumped. Cost of gasoline for the round trip from Apache Junction was $8 that we included in our expenses. 

Though the online menu said that there were two for one drinks and half-off cold appetizers during 5-7 pm Happy Hour M-F, that had been eliminated, along with the buffet I'd hoped to try from reading Yelp reviews. So that dented our budget from the start. 

I'd decided on the lamb shank from the online menu, largely because it said there was a hamburger sauce for the rice, and every Greek and Middle Eastern restaurant where I've had lamb shank, the tomato-based meaty sauce, often with peas, carrots and onions, is the best part of the dish. No sauce of any kind. I asked the waitress, who checked the menu and saw it said a hamburger sauce, and she went to the cook to get some. 

He told her that customers didn't like it so they discontinued the sauce. The menus should be updated to delete references to Happy Hour deals and the sauce. The smallish lamb shank was fine but average without a sauce. Rice was very good--moist and well seasoned. Accompanying salad on the plate had a yogurt and cucumber cup of dressing on the side, pretty bland. 

The babba ghanouj appetizer at $7 was excellent and plentiful, and the freshly baked pita bread is outstanding while warm. The wait staff were pleasant and quick to respond, and the owner or manager came over to personally check on our satisfaction. 

We were the only customers there at 5 pm when they opened, and by 7 when the belly dancer show was to start, there were two other tables of 2 and 4, and two tables of 14 or so that seemed to be of students and perhaps university staff. They seemed enthusiastic about what was to come, and they were eating heartily and having a great time. 

So it was perhaps us, and our expectations of Lebanese food that we've enjoyed elsewhere through the past 50 years, including the Middle Eastern food at Haji Baba's nearby, a small restaurant tucked inside a grocery market. That remains our Middle Eastern favorite in the Phoenix area. Pita Jungle is pretty good, as we remember. 

We'll still be on the lookout for new Middle Eastern restaurants, hopefully with the sauces and tastes we've enjoyed through the years. Good service, other than the waitress bringing my partner's Greek salad entre a good ten minutes before my lamb shank came out. 

I'm sure Mijana's is a swinging place once the dancing starts! Total bill, with only the one Margarita and one appetizer and no other drinks or desserts, including tax and tip, was $56. So we paid $41 plus $8 in gasoline. Remember, the pita, rice, and babba ghanouj are outstanding. Three stars overall.
Lunch menu on Friday.
Ordered: 
Hummus/Tabouleh/Babganoush Appetizer - $9, everyone's favorite dish.  Really great value, tons of food.  Comes with unlimited hot, fresh pitas.  The hummus and tabouleh were very tasty. 
Gyro w/ Fries - $7, Good, not amazing.
Beet and Lentil Salad - $11, very good.  Lots of lentils, tasty dressing. 
Moussaka - $10, good, very filling.
Stuffed Zuchinni - $10, very good.  Perfect flavoring, simple, hints of lemon.

Groupon $20 for $10 made this priced right, otherwise it would've been a bit much.  

Women's restroom is very clean and pretty with candles and decorations.

There was SO much food.  I had to dig deep to try to make it look respectable, mostly from the appetizer, it just never ended.

We were the only ones in the restaurant the entire time.  It made for excellent service.  Server was very nice and professional despite the emptiness.
If you crave Mediterranean food and happen to be in the area I recommend it. However I didn't like the venue. As for the food, the hummus had this strange peanut taste but the falafel was okay. Babaganoush was pretty good too.
I'd never tried Lebanese food, so I was excited about this place.  I had a kebab sampler and it all seemed very Greek -- the pita, the hummus, the Taziki, etc. I felt it was a bit overpriced as well; and the belly dancing was a bit loud and annoying.
We went here with friends last Saturday, 7/27 for the second time.  They know and are friends with the owner.  He helped us order and we got quite the spread - Beirut Special, Vegetarian Platter, Kofta kebabs, lamb shank, and makanek.  I've never liked babaghanouj before I had it at Mijana.  It was so, so, so good!  Tabbouleh was also great and pita bread with zatar was also good. 

The food was fantastic, but the service left much to be desired.  The lamb shank and kebabs came out lightening fast - making me concerned about the kitchen and how prepared it was before we ordered it.  Then it was a good 15 minutes before the rest of the food came out.  We had to ask twice for the pita bread, and my water was empty more often than full.  The waitress had a "greater than tho" attitude and was not very friendly.  

They often have live entertainment and/or dances,  Last Saturday was no exception, but the gal that danced when we first got there wasn't great.  

If I could, I'd give 2 stars for service and 4 for food.  Hurray for authentic Lebanese food and an ethnic experience in what can be a rather dull and homogenic restaurant scene.
2.5 stars. Homemade Pita bread is delicious and left me with high expectations for the rest of the food which left something to be desired. I have been twice, once with a large group and once it was just me and my woman. 

The service: When I came with the large group the food service was poor as plates came out at various times with about an hour gap amongst people who ordered at the same time. When it was just two of us, everything as ok.

The food:  Have had two vegetarian plates the moussaka and the couscous and both were overpriced for the quality of the food. Vegetables were definitely out of a can and was something I could have made at home for about $1.50, which is unacceptable for a 12 dollar veggie meal. It is not that expensive to grill up some fresh vegetables and increases the quality of the meal substantially. Also had the lentil soup, which was tasty and not bad for $5, but it might have been from a can as well, just harder to tell with a soup.. You are likely not going to get what you pay for in food quality but the atmosphere is nice. If you are looking for some good flavorful ethnic food try GOJO Ethiopian on Thomas, you will not be disappointed.
I moved to Arizona 2 years ago and finally I found Mijana best Lebanese food ever in Arizona I go over there 3 times a week,I love it.
My husband & I are recent transplants to the Tempe area, & we have a fondness for Mediterranean-style food. Our 1st visit to Mijana sure didn't disappoint! We visited on a Saturday night for dinner at 6:00. Food was excellent, & our waitress was very attentative. Mijana has an extensive menu of enticing dishes. We shared chicken schawarma with hummus, which was served with freshly-made pita bread, as our appetizer. Yummy!! My fattoush salad (with grilled shrimp added) was also delicious (loved the olive oil/lemon juice dressing), & my husband was very pleased with his lamb kebab entre. More food than we could finish! As we were finishing dinner, we enjoyed fun cultural entertainment by belly dancers. Great evening, & we definitely plan to return! We highly recommend Mijana!!
Great food

Large portions

Fresh. 

Pita bread is so outrageously good 

Kind caring people.
We had never been to this restaurant before, but it was highly recommended by some of our Arab friends. Several people at our group bough a Groupon for this first experience. Service was mediocre, i expected much more for the price, the waitress took a very long time to come take our order (there were only three other tables in the entire restaurant.) I looked at an empty glass of water numerous time, and when we asked about dessert the waitress told us that we could get up and go look at the display! Food was delicious though, I'll give the kitchen staff that much.  When it came time too pay, the waitress took the first bill along with the groupon, charged it and then proceeds to tell the rest of our party that she can only accept one Groupon per table. So, not only did I pay for the Groupon, I also paid for the full price of the meal! 
The food might've been delicious, but it is not worth the terrible service. Will never go back to this establishment an will not recommend it to anyone else.
My first dinner experience with Mijana was not the best and I probably won't be going back to try any other dishes. 

When I walked in, the place had an odd mild chemical smell that I couldn't recognize. Not bad enough to make me leave, but it definitely didn't smell appetizing. My server brought me ice water and complimentary pita bread with zaatar.

I ordered the lamb kabob which came with rice, a small side salad, several pickle spears, and some yogurt. My disappointment began with the salad, which consisted of tomatoes, cucumbers, and romaine lettuce.The tomatoes in the salad had a slightly mushy texture, like they'd been refrigerated for too long. There is no excuse for mushy tomatoes ever, but especially during the summer months. I tried the rice which was saffron colored and decorated with a few strands of chopped noodles. The rice was unremarkable and tasted like it had been parboiled. The lamb had flavor, but was extremely tough. Even after cutting the lamb into tiny pieces, it was embarrassingly difficult to chew. 

My bill came to $17 and change. I gave my waitress $20, and she never brought me my change. To be fair, she might have brought my change at some point, but it was clearly not her priority as she ran around doing other things. 

No complaints about the belly dancer.
Pita bread was very good. 
Disappointed with the fattoush. I ordered it as a carry out. When I was ready to eat it, I opened the carton and it had dressing on it and all the pita chips soaked up dressing. Also, the tomatoes in it tasted old. I threw them out. 
Mixed shawarma was not like I'm used to. I had a couple bites and put it down. Not good in my opinion. The saffron rice was fair. 
Hummus had too much tahini and wasn't lemony at all. It tasted pasty. 

Even though I was hungry, I threw most of it out. 

I am middle eastern and hear my friends say how good it is there. I didn't think so.
So I'm driving down Scottsdale Rd with my girlfriend and she says she's hungry. The driveway to Mijana was 10 feet in front of me so I whipped in. 

This place was great. I loved the decor. The music was festive. I loved the wide open dining area. 

We decided to spit the combo for 2. Luckily my girlfriend is gluten free so I got to eat all the pita bread. It was delicious. It was so warm and crispy and airy and....I'm drooling just thinking about it. The food was spectacular. I'd recommend this place to anyone who wants an affordable good meal.
I purchased a Groupon for this place on a whim the night before. Twenty dollars of Lebanese food for ten dollars? Yes please!

I wasn't sure what to expect. We went for lunch, which must be their slow time. The ambience is definitely more for a nighttime group outing. There's a sound stage and posters for belly dancing and tango. Also, the hookah lounge next door seems to be at least brothers with this restaurant. I was deforest underdressed had I gone for dinner. 

Maybe because the empty restaurant, the staff (possibly the family that owns Mijana?) was very attentive. The handmade fluffy pita kept coming, which was good, because it took two of us three rounds of bread to finish off the hummus, babaghanouj, and tabbouleh plate. I ordered the lentil soup, which just tasted like autumn (that's a GREAT thing). My boyfriend had no complaints about the beef shawarma plate. I wish I had had room for some baklava for dessert!

4/5 stars: I'd like to see if this amazing food and service is kept up at night.
We dropped by here for lunch because of the groupon deal they were offering. Nothing special, really. The pita bread is great, but my shawarma platter  was 'meh'. 

The waitress took forever and then screwed up out bill, had to call her manager, etc, so basically that groupon deal cost us 20 minutes. 

Otherwise, its decent and reasonably priced.
I purchased the yelp deal $10 for $20. My girl friend and I decided we get some dinner then head out to old town for some fun. We arrived around 9 hoping to leave by 10p.m. 10:30 the latest. We didn't end up leaving until 12:30a.m. We had such a great time. I absolutely love this place! Upon arrival we were seated very quickly, menus distributed, and we were explained the entertainment for the evening. Our server Maria was the best! I was so appreciative of the time she spent with us. Explaining their different nights, country, salsa/tango, belly dancing and review the menu. She was very attentive. I love the hookah bar next door. Hookah, music, food, and belly dancing! The service was amazing. The food was delicious, and the entertainment a blast! I will definitely be returning!
First trip, and can't wait to come back! Tried this place on a Groupon and sold! Everything I have ordered I have enjoyed.  The atmosphere makes it great for a date or even a group.  I recommend you try it.
Came back here for Eid with my family, and being such a normal customer I was expecting the food to be as stellar as usual. Unfortunately it wasn't that, at all. The kibbeh was cold inside(as if it was frozen then nuked in the microwave). The beef shawarma was burnt, the fatooush didnt have any salt in it. The chicken shawarma was stale, and the garlic dip had no hint of garlic in it. Truly depressing, and I looked like a fool talking so highly about this place. To let them serve us all of this "food" was unfortunate,  it makes lebanese cuisine look bad.
I enjoyed the food and it was very filling especially for the price I got from Groupon $10 for $20. The waiter was not very good though as the place only had a few people in it and I ended up having to ask for the dip for the pita bread, did not refill my glass of water for some time and soda also. Otherwise I enjoyed the chicken and beef shawarma very much and would go back regardless of the inexperienced waiter, perhaps it was his first day.
I have eaten at Mijana a number of times and they all have been great experiences! I have grown up with my mom's home cooked Lebanese dishes my whole life and this food was still great! The appetizer sampler was excellent, as was the chicken shawarma plate my father ordered. An added bonus was the Al Maza beer (Lebanese beer) my father and I ordered! Great atmosphere for dinner, with music and a belly dancer.
Great Chicken Soup!
If this review was based solely on the food, I would have given it 4 stars, but the entire experience, unfortunately ruined my view of the place.  Waiter was new - thats fine, I understand that he brought the wrong wine and wasn't sure what my sauces were when I inquired.  My problem is that bringing in a $25 off coupon from restaurant.com cost us an extra 15 minutes waiting for someone to figure out how to apply it, then doing it for the wrong amount, and then fixing it and applying it again.  Four days later and I've still got two charges for the cost of dinner pending on my account.  I called and spoke to a manager who informed me "this is how the payments have to be done with coupons".  So I assume if I had brought cash and owed $35 I would have had to leave $70 and could go pick up half of it after 5 days?  Whatever.  Honestly without the coupon I think $16 - $20 is way too much for a plate of chicken and rice, no matter how tasty.  Shame.
We moved here from California, and we have been searching for a great Mediterranean restaurant and found just the perfect one. The food here is AMAZINGLY Great. The service was phenomenal and the ambiance was nice as well, but the Food out did our whole experience . The Owner actually came up to our table and that right there was a A++++ in our book, feels like we are in the East Coast again. Thanks for such a great experience MIJANA, we have made your restaurant in our top 3 favorite places to go
The service was friendly and attentive but not overbearing. Food was very authentic Lebanese, we lived in Arabia and traveled the area so are quite familiar with the food. Sish tawak and kafta kabobs were excellent. They make their own pita to order so is fresh and hot out of the oven. We will make the trip to the East valley again for dinner.
"Is there anything else we can help you with?" We were asked this question repeatedly Friday night. Arriving for a 7:30pm reservation we had our pick of tables as there weren't many diners. Given the choice we eagerly sat in an available booth. We both sat on the cushioned seating against the wall. Given our experience I'd recommend sticking with standard chairs, for reasons you may, or may not agree with. 

"Are you ready to order?"
Belly dancing is from 7-9pm (ended earlier). A wonderful show is put on near the stage. Tables in the center part of the restaurant (and the booths) have prime viewing. As this was my first visit I fastidiously reviewed the drink menu. To my delight there was a curious mix of drinks available. Margaritas. Long Island Ice Teas. Martinis. Jgermeister - Yeah. That was on there. As a drink. Neat. Nothing quite traditional sounding so I went with wine. In the meantime a glass of water was brought out.

"Can we help you?"
"Are you ready to order?"

Erm- We'd just opened the drink menus. 
Not quite. I explained this was my first visit. Hoping to hear something, anything. a handout to what a mezza might be, instead I heard. "I would recommend ordering the Mixed Grill for Two...It has mwah mwah mwah mwah" said incredibly fast. I blinked. She said the name of another dish quickly. I blinked. And then -

"Do you need a few more minutes?"
Yes. I suppose so. 

36 seconds later -
We opted to try the Vegetarian Platter (huge) as an appetizer.  Hummus, Babaghanouj, Tabbouleh, (3) Falafel and (3) Vegetarian Dolmades. That's plenty of food to share with four people. Ambitious for two.

We were granted time to deliberate our entree order a few more minutes. Instead of the Mixed Grill shared plate (which sounded interesting: skewers of Chicken Kebab, Kefta Kebob and Lamb Kebob) Lamb tempted us. Specifically Lamb Shank and Lamb Kebabs. 

The menu is separated into cold and hot mezzas. We made out like bandits quickly picking what we did. The food is stellar here.

At this point we began an interesting game I'll call "Moving of the Plates and Glasses". We were curious what our entrees might taste like once they were dropped at the table. So we got up and moved them from the far side of the table. You know, within fork reach. Then we slid the appetizer platter out. And the bread plate. And our empty water glasses. And my wine carafe. And the empty beer bottle. (Later I had an even larger collection of glassware.)

Where did everyone go? That's ok. I was distracted by the Fred Flinstone sized portion of my true to description, falling off the bone, lamb. Honest to god, I almost died. 

But then - oh - my date reached suddenly behind my head with his napkin. His expression frozen with intent. I paused in only what second date behavior in public warranted. 

"Oh? Everything ok?"
"Uh. There was ... a .. bug."

(IT WAS RIGHT BY MY HAIR. In the dark.)
Later I asked my date to describe the bug. It's Arizona. These things happen. He said it could have waved at me. I have little hands. It was bigger than the tip of my thumb. (Also, it apparently got away.)

I recommend stand alone seating.

FOOD
The Lamb Shank shocked me in sheer size. When I poked it with my fork gingerly the meat sighed. The grilled vegetables were delightfully seasoned, grilled and layered on top of a wonderful bed of rice. I wish I had grabbed an appropriate photo of the Lamb Shank. This is a dude's platter. Not for a girl on a date! 

THINGS TO KNOW
+ Service is hit or miss. I finally flagged down a very nice man (possibly a manager) for my 2nd glass of water. 
+ Salsa lessons Fri/Sat night. Lights go off. Disco balls goes on.
+ Baklava is bone dry and hard. It was difficult to break into bite sized pieces. We returned it. 
+ Turkish coffee is divine!
+ Time your dinner well before dance class. Service ...changed as dance class preparations began.

DANCE HERE
+ It's a happening spot. When I left there was a line outside the door and beefy bouncers. Inside spectator watching (almost) made the service level worth it.  
+ $5 Drink specials!
+ Friday Night Salsa is produced by AZSalsa.net "Tumbao | Latin Fridays".
+ Come dressed to impress!
Best pita bread and zatar. Excellent food. Our first waitress was not very attentive and not friendly. The  second one that took over was much better. Good entertainment too.
"Oh, our happy hour starts later because Wednesdays are hip hop night."  Well, OK then.  It was a weird experience at Mijana, but I thought the food was first rate.

I started with Lebanese beer named Alamaza.  It was a refreshing pilsner like a Heineken or a Carlsberg.

Fresh baked pita are served to the table with zatar, a dried herb and oil dipping sauce.  The pita had that homemade softness and yeasty flavor.  It wasn't chewy or sweet like store bought.  The zatar had a subtle flavor but a lot of aroma, smells that reminded me of my trips to the Middle East.

Hold off on pita refills because more come with dinner.  We ordered the shawarma combo for two, except it may as well have been a shawarma combo for 8.  It came on a big platter with hummus, rice, and a lightly dressed salad.  We had leftovers for days.  (I wish there was more hummus... we actually finished that.)  The chicken was better than the beef, which was a little tough.  Both were flavorful.  The rice had a light seasoning, but didn't overwhelm the meat.

Service was slow, but not inordinately slow.  Without any complaining, they comp'd us a free slice of chocolate cake.

The place has a large bar on one end, a stage on the other, and about as many tables and chairs as you can fit in between, all in neatly arranged rows.  It seems like they use it for receptions because they do.  They also have a night dedicated to salsa dancing, one for salsa dancing, and I'm forgetting one or two others.  They also have belly dancers on some nights... there's a lot going on at Mijana.
We decided to try this place out since they offered the yelp check-in deal. The pita bread & dip they brought out before our meal was a tasty start. The waitress was pleasant & came out with drinks. I ordered the chicken shwarma platter as it was recommended to us. The chicken was really tasty & well-cooked and the rice wasn't too bad. Personally, I could've done without the salad. The waitress again came by and brought out a platter with dessert options. We ordered one which took way too long to come out and wasn't anything to rave about. Overall, it was an ok meal.
Purchased a Groupon for this visit and we definitely got our monies worth. 
Service was excellent! The manager stopped by our table a few times to make sure we were enjoying ourselves. Food was delicious and came out in a timely manner. 
Hummas was smooth and the pita bread was hot and puffy! Beef schwarma was incredible!! 
We bought Baklava and another dessert to go. The other dessert has 4 cheese layers and a sweet syrup on top. Very good but burnt on the top. 
Only 4 stars because there was no belly dancing as stated on their website. Manager and waitress could not explain why either. 
We will be coming back and hopefully get to experience the belly dancing.
My hubby and I went here tonight for dinner and it was wonderful! Good food, great service,  and fun belly dancer show. We will def be going back!!!
Was delicious.  I got delivery so I cant speak for the service or the atmosphere but the food was phenomenal. This was my first time trying Lebanese food and I enjoyed it. The pita bread and hummus are some of the best I've had.
This place had mediocre food and even worse service. The pita sandwich was pretty much just lettuce and tomato, and the side fries were soggy and unappetizing. The meat that came with the kabob and shawarma was dry and chewy. Fortunately, the fresh pita and hummus was delicious.

The service was extremely slow. We waited more than 20 minutes at a time just to order or ask for a check. The server kept forgetting our order and had to retake it multiple times.
ok, ok...so for the first 30 minutes we had fun with the name of this restaurant...but then we simmered down and got down to some serious eating business.
We went with another couple on a Saturday night at 6pm. Ambiance - The place was packed with a huge party, but that just made the atmosphere fun! There was background music and a couple belly dancers.....We were seated in a private booth and could engage in conversation with no problems.
I grew up in Australia with Lebanese family friends and was privy to delight in authentic Lebanese food at family events,  so I am familiar with the real deal. Having lived in Arizona for 15 years, I crave traditional ethnic food. This place did not disappoint; In fact at times I was rendered speechless.
I ordered the vegetarian platter - baba ganoush (amazing and not bitter at all), hummus (thick and creamy), tabouleh (light and not too garlicky) and the most delicious light and soft dolmas I have ever had. I also ordered a side of kibbe which were tasty little morsels, but needed a little more zing. The accompanying yoghurt dressing was delicious.
My friends had a the lentle soup and chicken shishkabob and said both were amazing.
We are currently planning a return visit with the kids.....

oh and the dipping bread is warm and light...fresh out of the oven

Enjoy!
Went today to a cooking class that we bought from Groupon. The food was great and to be honest, I look forward to trying what we learned at home. Our waitress was good. My problem was the lack of hospitality from the owner and the chef teaching the class. It was really a turn off. For that reason, I would not recommend this class.
They serve really large portions. The service is amazing, the waitress was very attentive. We had the mix grill for four, hummus, and kibbe and there was so much food we had to take some home. I highly recommend this amazing restaurant. On the weekends they have salsa dancing.
Went here with a Groupon. I thought the service was fine. Attentive and friendly staff.

We had the mixed Shawarma dish for two. Lots of food. It was delicious with a very tasty side of hummus The pita bread was good stuff too.

There was a dancer as well. She was entertaining. 

I would recommend.
Pretty good Mediterranean fare. I had beef shawarma atop hummus, and my tablemates all had other varieties of shawarma with the rice deal. It was fine, not too burnt like is often found at places that serve the stuff. The house-made pita was nice, and we had their take on samosas (beef filled mini-pies) which were called something else but same thing; pretty tasty.

The atmosphere was nice and fitting, given the theme. Middle Eastern-style music, upholstery, et cetera. The only off-putting things that stop me from giving this place 4 stars are 1) the bathroom, which was composed of all very-old elements (toilet, sink) and was pretty gross. It's an old building, I understand, but y'know. Other thing was we were seated at a table which was directly next to an exit door. Pretty sure that's a fire hazard. My final gripe for this otherwise-okay place: They brought out my food by itself and thus my tablemates had to wait. This should be a cardinal sin in restaurants; if you had seen any of my other reviews, you'd know how annoying I find it as it's pretty unnecessary. I'll save you the rant, but just say if you start a restaurant please refrain from allowing that mess.

Other than that, all was fine. I guess I wouldn't recommend going here if you want to avoid the Scottsdale (read: hoity toity) crowd, as they're all up in this place, but they were at least drowned out by the music.
We've picked up Mijana take out a few times and dined in the restaurant for the first time today. The food is very good.  The portions are generous and the food is fresh. We've tried the beef and chicken schwaramas, the gyro, the french fries, and the chicken kabob. It's all very mild, but flavorful.  

The prices are a tad on the high side ($3 for a kid's lemonade), but if you get a groupon or a yelp deal, it helps.

The biggest draw for us is that at lunch, it's virtually empty, making it a great place for business meeting lunches because you can eat well and talk in a quiet environment. The food is made to order so it's not super fast, but if you have the time for a dine-in restaurant, give this one a try.
Went here Saturday evening. Food was terrific! I had the Kibbe and took me back to my childhood friend from Iraq. Her Mother made Kibbe. Order the platter oh spinach leaves, tabouleh, babaganosh and hummus. Yum! 
Service was excellent.
Decor was simple but fine. 
Belly dancing was good entertainment.
Fun night!
I was visiting from LA and first tried the PITA place which turned out to be a dump as far as service goes.... but I was surprised with OASIS.  Not too shabby... Good service....Friendly, and good hookah.
I had a great experience at this hookah bar. I heard that they were not good but me and my friends wanted to go and Oasis was the only one that was open at the time. Driving to it was great because I love the location in old town Scottsdale.
We went in and were immediately helped, and we ordered cups of water and strawberry and peach hookah. They came back with the hookah pretty quickly and it was very smooth. The flavors were great and the combination was perfect. We then decided we were hungry and ordered some french fries. The portion was pretty good, the three of us shared it and we were content. The french fries were pretty good, i might add.
The lady who helped us was friendly, talkative and relatable, and very accommodating. Later on a guy also came around to switch our coals so that the hookah wouldn't get harsh.
The atmosphere was great, there were lasers and couches and a full bar. It was dimly lit which is perfect for a hookah bar. It wasn't too loud when we went. There was some kind of Middle-Eastern or Indian music playing which was interesting.
I should also say that, being germaphobic, I made sure to ask if they cleaned their hookahs. The guy told me that he personally cleans the whole thing, and they even give each person a sealed disposable plastic mouthpeice.
Last but not least, their prices were great.
All in all a great experience, I would definitely go back.
Spent 4 days in PHX.  Went to 3 different Hookah lounges.  This one beats them all. PHX has a few locations but they are mostly very young college hang outs who offer little in terms of ambiance, food or drinks.  This one topped each one I found.  The owner is great. Mae the waitress is awesome.  The Hookah is good, the crowd at happy hour is mellow and by Midnight is a great club.  Good mix of music and nice, clean surroundings.
I can't believe I hadn't been here before yesterday!  Talk about a hidden gem!  I was taking a friend around to cross stuff off her "List of Stuff to do Before the World Ends" and smoking a hookah happened to be on it.  Therefore I googled places nearby us and Oasis popped up.

As soon as we got there the guy at the door welcomed us in with a smile and opened the door for us and once inside the waitress/bartender helped us pick a table and took our drink orders.  We decided to get the peach hookah and an order of the Hummus and Pita Deluxe with beef.  The food was delicious and the hookah was great!  The staff was awesome the entire night as well.  Everyone kept checking on us to see if we needed anything and they would just stop and chat with us as well.  One guy was even helping my friend try to make smoke circles!  I definitely love that they're open until 4 am on Fridays and Saturdays too because it's always nice to have somewhere to wind down after all the bars close!
Al the owner is awesome! His hookah lounge is the best in Phoenix. Check out his full landing page site at the-shisha.com/oasis-restaurant-cafe-hookah-lounge-scottsdale-az/
I used to live in AZ and would frequent Oasis and every time I go back to visit family and friends I always stop by. This is the go to place for hookah in AZ. They make great flavored hookah's and are happy to share and mix as many options as requested. They take pride in their hookah and their food is surprisingly delicious. They have music some nights and live entertainment too so be sure to check it out. Full bar and hookah til late also make this spot a frequent after club place to go.
Came in here tonight after The W Hotel/Living Room drove me away for a number of reasons. This place is across Buckboard from the W. Had never been in before. It's a hookah lounge/Mediterranean restaurant/pub. Ashley was my server, and she was very nice for taking care of the whole place on a somewhat slow Sunday night. I had the falafel wrap with the fries. Very tasty. Prices are very affordable, by Old Town standards. I will definitely be back!
First off, if you go here for the food, you've blown it. Not to say the food isn't good, it is, but if you're going to hooters for the wings, you've already failed. We stayed a block or two away from this shisha bar with a kitchen tucked in behind the W and near Mint, and wound up smoking/eating/drinking there several times over the course of the week. It became our last call spot, golfcarting there after a night at Gilligans or Bungalow. Sit outside, smoke some shisha, watch the Persians smoke and play cards and snap quips at each other in farsi...it's an experience. The food was good enough that we even got it to go and munch late, late night, back at the ranch. Dogfish 90 minute in bottles was all I remember, but that's a barometer for a decent beer selection if I've ever seen one. Definitely a cool spot.
I had a great hookah experience with a couple of friends.  Sara and Shawn kept the drinks and hot coals flowing.  The hookah had a cantaloupe bowl with long-lasting coconut shell charcoal cubes.  For some extra fun, request a bubble blower!  The location is excellent as it is walking distance from many bars and the W Hotel.
To say that I'm quite a hookah connoisseur would be an understatement. First off, service is excellent. "Cort" I believe her name was, did a fab job making sure we were taken care of. The hookah unfortunately was not something I would recommend to an actual hookah fanatic. I ordered Al-Fakher watermelon mint and what I got was far from it. Neither watermelon mint or premium Al-Fakher tobacco. Boo :( Asides that, great service, great DJ and sound system. Perfect for a relaxing night out over the weekend.

Note: good hookah is never served in plastic pipes. Just saying.
this place used to be really good. But now it is absolutely disgusting and ghetto. $25 bucks for shitty hookah and shitty service? No thanks.

And overweight employees in booty shorts? I'd rather keep my appetite. ew.
This place really isn't bad for a hookah bar. If you're looking for a place to eat, I wouldn't recommend coming here. Grab a bite before hookah! (The food isn't terrible, but the prices for what you get just isn't worth it-- almost $9 for a falafel wrap with 3 small falafels inside). Hookah is moderately priced as well, about $16. Other than that there isn't much to rave about. The service is very so-so, and the atmosphere is a little weird. Neon lights flashing around all the time isn't the most relaxing, but it's not terrible either.
If I could give this place negative zero stars I would.  Went here with a couple friends to eat, drink, and of course hookah.  The food was horrible and the hookahs are soooooo old and shitty!!!!  Do not waste your time going here. The decor needs to be updated, pillows that are in the seating area have stains on them....gross!!!!
I always go to this hookah lounge. I've been to majority of the hookah lounges in Arizona and this is by far my favorite hookah lounge. The hookah is clean and refreshing, tastes smooth and isn't harsh. The atmosphere is very upbeat. They have a live DJ who does take music requests. The servers are amazing. May is the best server. Shes friendly, energetic, always eccentric, and provides phenomenal service because she's not only prompt but she always gets things correct and does an amazing job. The food is incredible. My top 3 favorite dishes are the spicy chicken egg rolls, the humus and the lamb shawarma. Me and my friend are regulars at this hookah lounge and come multiple times a week and we always order food because it always amazing and fresh. My top 2 favorite hookah mixes are blue mist with safari Mellon dew and blue mist with tooty fruity. Keep in mind for all of you who are 21 and up, they have a full service bar and the chai they feature is delicious. If you want a great night out with music, drinks and food, amazing service and hookah.. then you are crazy if you don't go to oasis cafe. -Jason
Really nice Place, Just got remodeled, Great service the Hookahs are really good and the only place in Scottsdale with all the Good Flavors. Really good food authentic  taste for a great price. I would definitely recommend this place to relax and bring your friends. Looking forward to coming back
Had a fun night here.  I haven't been to a hooka bar in 10 years!  We went for drinks and hooka.  Staff was friendly, decor is nice.  They are a bit pricey but I guess that can be expected in old town!
I visited Hummus Xpress for the first time yesterday on a referral from a friend.  I am a huge fan of Middle Eastern food, and consider myself to have discerning tastes.  My favorite places include the now shuttered Sabuddy's and Middle Eastern Bakery and Cafe in Phoenix.  I have always thought there was a huge opportunity for a restaurant to remake and redefine Middle Eastern food like Chipotle has done to Mexican food.  Hummus Xpress appears to be taking on the challenge.

Upon arrival on Friday around 12pm my friend and I were warmly greeted by who I assume to be the owner and entrepreneur and another line cook.  Now imagine Chipotle: Before us were about 30 different Middle Eastern salads, sides, sauces, hummus to choose from.  You start by picking your menu option: pita, salad, or plate, I believe were the options.  Then you choose your meat.  They had grilled, marinated chicken, beef, gyro, and vegetarian.

I picked the plate and started to load up.   I got a mixture of cooked brocolli, cauliflower, and zuchini, eggplant, purple kale, regular hummus, pickles. jalapenos, tabouli, cucumber, and turkish salad.  My meat selection was gyro and chicken based on the owner's suggestion.  There were about 15 things that I couldn't fit on the plate including a couple rices options, cous cous, several different hummus, lots of sauces, almonds, raisins, olives, you get the point.  I also ordered a side of falafel. The owner was very gracious and offered to let us sample anything before adding it to the plate.  I declined knowing that this place was for real.

The food was magnificent.  All of the vegetables were cook and seasoned well.  All of the salads and sides were incredibly fresh and tasty.  The meat was delicious.  The portion were huge.  I was stuffed upon leaving.  The only thing I didn't care for was the falafel.  They were prepared fresh, but they were too dense, and the tahini wasn't right.  I couldn't tell you exactly what was wrong with them, but if you want proper falafel and tahini go to Middle Eastern Bakery and Cafe.

Overall, though, the restaurant is an amazing concept that I believe will satisfy many discerning fans of Middle Eastern food.  It will satisfy herbivores, carnivores, and omnivores alike.  The quality and value is top notch.  And I think the concept is a winner, and I would like to be the first investor!

Best wishes to the owner and team at Hummus Xpress.  I will be there frequently!
UPDATE!

The guys at Hummus Xpress took my criticism of their falafel seriously.  The chef/owner remade the classic falafel into something awesome and unique.  It's now more moist, flavorful, light, and fresh.  It's truly excellent!

And I'd like to highlight their roasted, caramelized eggplant and unique pomegranate baba ganoush.

Hummus Xpress is a phenomenal Middle Eastern dining experience!
My boyfriend and I went not knowing what to expect and we were pleasantly surprised. Tons of options! Think Chipotle but Mediterranean and more side options. Overall VERY satisfied. Great flavors on all the different sides (again, so many options!) Looking for a good meal that's not too pricy? Hummus Xpress for sure. When I went there weren't many drink options. Canned soda and waters were all that you could purchase. I don't drink soda and sometimes water just doesn't hit the spot like a nice tea or other non-carbonated beverage would. I hope that once the business picks up this could be updated to provide other options.

It's a small place, but great menu/decor/atmosphere design inside (something I appreciate a lot).
I hope this local & original place does well.
I would not have known about this place but for friends posting pictures of amazing looking hummus bowls on instagram. This place is tucked into a strip mall that, for whatever reason, I have never had occasion to visit despite living 1/4 mile from it for the majority of my adult life. Although strip mall is generally depressing (it's next to an MMJ doctor and a dry cleaner) the atmosphere is clean and modern if a bit stark. 

A reviewer below mentioned that this is sort of a middle eastern Chipotle, which is a useful comparison. You basically chose a bowl, a pita, or a platter. Each option entitles you to a certain number of meats (or vegetables) and an unlimited number of toppings. The proprietor is more than friendly and guides you through the process, perhaps a bit too thoroughly, but it's great to see an engaged small business owner who cares about his product. 

The food is outstanding. I'm a vegetarian and my girlfriend is vegan and there were plenty of options. Every filling was extremely flavorful in a non-cloying way. Sometimes the prospect of eating vegetables and hummus leaves something to be desired, but dishes like the roasted eggplant, cous cous, and the various hummuses (hummusi?) were so interesting and complex that I was excited to go back and try the dishes I missed. 

I would have given the place 4 stars if not for one quibble - VEGAN TAX. Allow me to explain. Some establishments, this one included, do not deduct a dollar (or two) for omitting meat from the meal. There is no way that hummus costs as much as lamb, so in theory, a vegetarian bowl should reflect the difference in price. Instead of reducing the price accordingly, places that charge the same essentially profit from the difference between the cost of a meat dish and that of a vegan dish. In my opinion, this shouldn't be passed off on vegans/vegetarians, and essentially operates as a tax on vegans. If the guy lowered the price of a veggie pita/bowl/platter, I would go here more often.

Vegan tax aside, the food is great and fresh and the staff is nice. I'll definitely go here again and would recommend it to friends.
I think we have an up and coming Yelp favorite everyone! They have only been open a short time but the quality of the food is quite good. They have it set up so that one  goes through it in sort of an operational line, picking the items one wants in the pita, bowl or the dinner plate size, and the food is basically Lebanese. 

The seasoned rice (yes, I forgot what it is called) is amazing and for vegetarians there is a bevy of no-meat options. I did try the gyros meet with the dinner size option but the grilled eggplant is also quite good. They also have a seasonal veggie option and the day I went it was rainbow kale - kale, how cool is that one folks!

I plan to go back and update my review after a few times but right now I would say this is a culinary gem located, as Juan B notes, in a strip mall, but that is sometimes where you find the best eating experiences, right? Looks like, based on Kory L's review, that I will have to try the falafel next time, sounds delicious! :-)
Delicious!! We've been craving Lebanese food and are so happy that there's a place in the valley that has Lebanese dishes! Awesome concept-- can mix and match tons of middle eastern sides and dishes. All are so good. The falafel, basil cilantro hummus, rice pilaf, and shoug(?), and eggplant are so tasty. Great because you can mix and match to get lots of variety and flavor. The owner is really nice and super friendly too. An ideal place for vegetarians.
Great concept and food. Went in for the first time tonight and got the falafel pita with eggplant and couscous. The falafel was better than most places in town but seemed to fall apart a little too easily. Will definitely be back here
I went to this place because I needed something to eat on my lunch work break and I try to take the fun relatively healthy approach.

This is NOT another Pita Pit. The owner/CHEF Eddie is right there working hard.

It's like gourmet food to go.  He compared it as the Chipotle of Mediterranean cuisine, I agree but even more so. He told me how the pitas come from a local bakery fresh (can't remember name), and he was most exuberant describing everything.

There were a lot of choices and I didn't know where to start because I don't know this cuisine and Eddie was more than happy to put together a pita combination as he is a chef. He asked me if I wanted vegetarian or not and then he went down the line putting a combination together for me on the fly working with my preferences.

When I finally had my pita (see picture) the flavors were awesome! I was tasting something I could very happily eat in a sit down restaurant. I do not know where else you can get such a high quality food quickly and for a decent cost.
This place just created a TASTE-GASM on my tongue !

Best Mediterranean place around Tempe give this place a go !
Drove by this place & made a note to check it out.  Stopped to see what everyone on Yelp thought and that sealed the deal.  

So many options, endless combinations, and a very friendly staff.  The food was delicious and I will definitely be heading back to sample some more.  What a bargain.  I opted for the "plate" which comes with 2 proteins, 2 veggies, 1 salad, toppers, and a sauce, oh! and hummus.  I wound up with chicken, beef, roasted veggies, the kale, chopped salad, hummus, olives, pickles, pita, garlic aioli, and a pita for under $10!
i really loved my falafel pita. i was a little bit skeeeered at first to create my own, ya know, with the classic falafel pita creation being so divine. but i went for it. i added roasted beet hummus, fried eggplant, garlic aioli (put this on everything, please), tatziki and some other goodness. i went there for lunch and seriously though about going back for dinner to try another version. can't wait to go back. solid stuff.
This place is a perfect, healthier option in the Tempe area. The food tastes fresh, the pricing is very good for the amount of food you get and the staff are so friendly. I will definitely eat here again!
I live right near this place and had been meaning to stop by; it is always a pleasure to see a new local business pop up. My fiance's Vegan sister was in town and we needed to get something quick and tasty after a long day. I took orders and left for my one block journey. When I arrived the two gentleman working greeted me with smiles and took some time to get to know me. Everything looked AMAZING! I told them I needed something vegan and Eddie took it upon himself to create a masterpiece of Mediterranean Vegan friendly meals. They let me sample anything I wanted and I ended up with a wonderful gyro bowl with caramelized egg plant, roasted potatoes, and so many other yummy things. I would give this place 5 stars for their customer service alone, but they have amazing food as well.
This place is great!  The owner is the Chef and uses fresh home made from scratch food.  Each dish has delicious flavor!  There are endless combinations!  Even my 2 1/2 yr old son loved it!
Awesome med food, and they got the best gyros. I tried their Lamb gyro which was too good. They got variety of hummas and the way they serve food like chipotle is a good idea and different.
Yum! They really have some very flavorful food, I loved the rice and hummus and the chicken was seasoned and cooked so well, the falafel was my fav.  I worry about food temps, I felt a little queezy a little while after eating, but it passed very fast, and it may not have had anything to do with the meal, but I automatically thought it could have because of how the food appeared...  I won't shy away from trying again if I am in the area...
This place is pretty great.  I was thinking about Hummus Express earlier today because I plan on going tonight and I gleaked.  My mouth began water so much that I sprayed my disgusting spit all over the place like a dilophosaurus.

Dude, try the beet hummus.  It's pink and looks awful and weird but it's amazing.  Their falafel is pretty damn solid.  

I just love it, man.  I love the way it's set up.  I want more people to come and to support this awesome place.
Delicious.  Great falafel.  Always great service and they're always accommodating.  

Also if you're not sure about anything ask if you can taste it, they will gladly let you try anything.
Yummy, fresh, fast Mediterranean . Generous portions and friendly staff. Definitely going to visit here often.
Absolutely wonderful. Speed, price, service and taste! Will be finding excuses to go and take friends too!
This place impressed me so much, that it inspired me to write my first Yelp review. 

I work about half a mile away from this place, and noticed it was newish driving by. For about 2 months, I intended to try it. Today, I finally took the plunge and walked in not knowing what to expect. 

The place is small, and there were only about 4 people sitting at tables, even though there were 3 people working behind the counter. The place is set up kinda like a Chipotle or a Qdoba - you pick the type of meal you want, and right in front of you are all the different options to include. 

I choose a bowl and filled it with both types of rice, chicken, grilled eggplant, red pepper hummus, lettuce, tomatoes, green onions, and feta. It also came with my choice of a regular pita or a whole wheat pita. Everything looked amazing! Upon my first bites I discovered it TASTED amazing. Everything was good on it's own, and it was every better when I started mixing it all together. I devoured the whole thing. It is very easy to eat healthy here, since everything is so fresh and so tasty. 

I strongly urge everyone to try this place -- they need to stay open so I can solidify it as my regular lunch spot. 

The customer service was superb too -- they explained to me how the meals worked and even let me try the hummus since I must have looked distraught over having too many options. 

My bowl and my pita rang in for less than $8. Fantastic!
Can't say I'm a fan. Sad cuz I love hummus. The pita was hard to choke down, it iis served cold and it was very dry. However, the place is very clean and a cool atmosphere. I will give them another try and get something different. Maybe it was just an off day.
Outstanding food! Gary (one part of my Dining Trio) and I were hungry after attending a conference. We were cruising by the choices on Broadway and saw "HUMMUS" on the strip mall store. That made me curious. So, we adventured into the restaurant to give it a try. Very worthwhile!

Whether you are a vegan, vegetarian or meat eater, you will find something you love here. The staff was very engaging, friendly and helpful. It took a few minutes to wrap our heads around how the choices work. You can engineer your own great meal, picking and choosing by sight what you want.

One thing: if you like falafel, try it here! It was some of the best. And I used to eat it when I traveled in the Middle East. Gary and I shared the largest plate and had a blast trying this and that, and adding this topping and that topping. The eggplant was pretty darn yummy, too.

Go in with a sense of adventure, and try the offerings. Try new tastes and open up your world to new flavors and textures. This type of food is very healthy. It was a fun dining experience and I wish Hummus were in Tucson. I'd be a regular!
this place is like a greek chipotle. you can be an healthy or unhealthy as you would like, but everything is great! its quick and easy and great for a quick fresh lunch. i would definitly recommend this place!!
I like this place, the food is fresh and authentic. Prices are good too think of it like a Mediterranean Chipotle style place. I always get the pita and have it topped with whatever I am feeling for lunch that day. Check it out if your'e in the neighborhood you will enjoy it.
We came here for dinner tonight. Five stars for the service alone. Granted we were the only customers in the building, but the owner/chef really went above and beyond to please us on our first visit. Really, I was blown away.

The food was good. I could tell that some of the items had been sitting out for a while. But I do not fault them for it. Why? Because it was completely dead inside. According to the owner/chef, they are extremely busy during lunch hours, but traffic slows down severely around dinnertime. Given that, they at least had every advertised item available, and most of it looked and tasted fresh.

So come on, people. Try this place for dinner sometime. Not only will the owner thank you, but so will the rest of the dinnertime customers.
Like other reviewers said the owner is very nice. We decided to try this since we read all the positive reviews on yelp. 

We did not like the the food being cold. (Chicken, potato) Did not feel like fresh just cooked food.  We went in around 2pm.
We picked this place based on yelp reviews.  Thanks!! This is now our "go to" for gyros.
This place offers a nice amount of toppings, awesome make your own pita/plate/bowl.

Please give this local business a shot.
I actually stumbled upon this place by chance.  I was looking for a place to grab a quick bite in between sessions of my daughter's swim championships.  I was going to go to the juice bar next door but it turned out to be a diet/nutrition place with a membership requirement, so I started talking to Eddie at Hummus Xpress.  He was so incredibly personable and accommodating that I had to give his restaurant a shot.  Everything smelled amazing so it made it an easier decision.

First, let me reiterate....Eddie, the owner, is forthright, honest, and incredibly nice.  As previously mentioned, the concept is like a Mediterranean Chipotle with the difference being this is locally owned and sourced food with lots of organic, vegan friendly, and fresh food.  You pick your choice of bowl, plate, or pita and then add main meat or vegetable component, added toppings such as hummus(6 kinds made fresh daily), tabouli, etc.  From there, you pick topping of sauces, hot sauces, olives, tzatziki amd more.  

Eddie will let you sample whatever you would like.  The gyro mean is so tasty but I rolled with the slow roasted braised beef.  All I can say is you must try this place, whether or not you are in the area.  It will be well worth your time.
I'm constantly serching for quick healthy lunch options. This place is exactly what I was looking for!  It's basically like a Mom and Pop Chiptole with Mediterranean Food. Everything was colorful, fresh, healthy. I will be adding this to my frequent lunch spots!
Tried this place for the first time and was very impressed. The owner/chef made a ton of helpful (and delicious) suggestions, the food was great and the price was on point. We went mid-afternoon time and the food tasted freshly made. Also worth mentioning-this place is very allergy/vegetarian/vegan friendly.
So glad I found this gem! My favorite place in Phoenix Metro now. Price is great for what you get and every item is so tasty and well-seasoned and most items are pretty healthy too. The owners are really nice and very accommodating and I recommend everyone try it :-)
You can't find a place within 30 miles of ASU that has the quality of healthy food for the price , it is a friendly place with a character you do not find  in the franchises that serve inferior food at a higher price. The food is fresh, healthy, and very  priced ....only a walk from the ASIA campus. Best find for me this summer !
The owner is from Lebanon, and knows some authentic food. The place opened near my house and their sides for food are great. They cook it more authentic than other "pita" joints that just toss some kebab meat on a pita and call it a day. This is the only place that has awesome sides like tabouli salad and roasted eggplant that comes with your meal. They've been known to have live music and crazy business at lunch. Honestly, they have some of the best food and should get recognized for it!
The food is fantastic, the prices are low, and the staff is super friendly.  This is my favorite lunch spot bar none!
My husband and I were excited to try yet another mostly vegetarian restaurant (don't worry carnivores...they have meet too!)

We each got a "bowl" - I loaded mine with Falafel, saffron rice, broccoli, eggplant (YUMMMY), cilantro & jalapeno hummus, cucumbers, onions, cilantro, tzaziki(?) sauce and shung sauce...

The Falafel were REALLY good...closest I've had in the states since I ate them in Israel. The flavors of all the veggies were really nice...and it came with a pita as well

Definitely a great place to go if you like hummus and mediterranean flavors!

We will definitely return :)
This place is great!  I had lunch at Hummus Xpress for the first time today and I will be back for more.

I had a "bowl" and filled it with rice pilaf, gyro meat, ginger glazed carrots, jalapeno cilantro hummus, lentil kale salad and chose the whole wheat pita.  There are lot's of combinations to choose from and I will what to give them all a try.

Don't be put off by the neighborhood, it's industrial and little dated.  The food is great, the service is great, and it's easy find and to get to.  Recommended!
I am half way done eating my meal and I couldn't yelp this place fast enough!  I got a plate with beef and gyro.  The beef was a recommendation by a employee.  The beef was/is AMAZING!  The meats were all warm.  The carrots were spicy and delish!  They gave me a ton of kalamata olives which I LOVE.  The portions are beyond generous.  

This place is top notch and I will definitely be back!
First time visiting and everyone was very friendly. One employee walked me through each of the options and let me try everything before. I definitely recommend this place for lunch in Tempe!
Absolutely awesome concept! Tons of vegetarian and vegan options (all labeled such) for building a plate, pita sandwich or bowl.  Way too many things to list, but I chose a bowl with rice, 1 veggie, 1 hummus, and falafal served with a side of pita. 

Owner is great if you're a first timer walking you through the options and makes great suggestions. Highly recommend for lunch or dinner - seriously - GO HERE!
I love middle eastern food and this didn't disappoint. All the hummus flavors were amazing. Large portions and great prices also!
What an amazing alternative restaurant! Employees were so helpful with explanations, and my meal was oddly amazing - coming back for sure, and adding it to my top 5 vegan options!!!!
I'm so glad I found this restaurant on yelp today.  Amazing food!!!  The other reviewers are right!  You won't be disappointed. :-)
So delicious! Great for veg and nonveg ppl. The food is actually flavorful and pretty healthy. The service is also amazing really genuine and sincere. Loved it and would recommend it for lunch!
I stumbled upon this place on yelp, saw the amazing reviews and decided I had to give-er-a-go.  The ordering process is a little confusing but the employees are very helpful. I believe the owner  made my bowl of awesome, and he was very cheery.  I was a little hesitant on how I would like the food because all of the ingredients were pretty much piled on each other, but I was very surprised that all the flavors mixed perfectly together.  I ordered the bowl and had gyro, saffron rice, roasted potatoes, onions, tomatoes, green onions, chipotle hummus, lentil salad, garbanzo beans, feta cheese and just a touch of tahini sauce.  I was starting to feel a little full halfway through the bowl, but the food was so great that I couldn't put it down.  I'll definitely be back and I'm really excited that there is finally a good restaurant in that strip mall!!!
Been to this place twice. I live in New Mexico. I was there a second time because I made sure to book the same hotel so I'd be close to this place.

SO good. Lemonade with rosewater! Braised kale. Delicious chick pea and lentil salads. GREAT falafal. Good tzaziki. YUMMY baklavah.

Had leftovers that I scarfed a few hours later at my hotel. I have a roving palate, but there was nothing I wanted more than more of my Hummus Xpress. 

Call first. I was sad to find out they were closed pretty early on the weekends.
I need to Xpress my appreciation for this place.

Hummus Xpress is all about cafeteria-style, mix and match Mediterranean food.  You start with a plate, a bowl, or a pita, then pick a meat (or an non-meat, or no meat), some veggies (lots of choices), some hummus (or not) and then a salad and rice (or not), and then maybe a sauce (or not).  Do it yourself--get a lot of a little or a little of a lot--however you want it.  There's always many choices.

Their hummus is shot through with kale and cilantro--enough to add greens and a little spice, but not too much.  Falafel?  Fala-full of flavor.  Nothing is pre-made, EVERYTHING is fresh.  Great taste, great price, nice and fast, extreme service.  Good for lunch or dinner or a snack.  Veggie friendly.

Work nearby? Lunch.  Live nearby?  They deliver.  Do it.
Hot pink hummus? Now you're speaking my language. This place is like a delicious choose your own Mediterranean flavor adventure. 

You can get a pita, salad or bowl and fix it up the way you want- sort of like Chipotle or Cafe Rio. Everything I tried was outstanding. I had two kinds of hummus- beet and cilantro. The star for me was beet. It was slightly sweet and so pretty on the plate- neon pink!

The chicken was tender and flavorful and the bowl had saffron rice which was also a delight. The tzatziki sauce had a slight spicy kick which I've never had, but ended up really enjoying as well. 

The owner was working the counter and he was so nice. I really hope this place does well. 

I'll be back for sure!!
Hummus Xpress is legit! One of the best fast-casual restaurants in the Valley. Metro Phoenix is lousy with Mediterranean restaurants, and that's a good thing. I had a conversation with the owner about this, and we both agreed that Pita Jungle played a big part in spreading the growing acceptance and consumer love for this delicious cuisine. 

The Mediterranean restaurants in town are all pretty damn good for the most part. I would be hard-pressed to pick a favorite. This one is right up there at the top of the list. In fact, I may just go ahead and make a list. 

The way you order here is similar to eating at Chipotle or Q-doba, but instead of tortillas you're getting a pita and different fixings... except cheese. Pretty much everything you could pile onto a plate here is healthy, and it's all fresh. This would definitely make this a great place to try as your first foray into this type of food if you're a virgin.

The kitchen is immaculate and you can see it all from the dining room. The service is friendly and quick. And of course, the food is fresh and absolutely delicious. Since you get to pick what you want to eat, if you don't like it - it's pretty much your fault. I had a pita with beef and fixings, while my girlfriend had a chicken plate (which also comes with a pita, but you get extra protein). We both ate ourselves stuffed. 

This strip used to be kinda dead - this spot used to be an always-empty Chinese place where the owner didn't give a shit anymore, but the new owner cleared out all remnants of what it used to be and transformed it into something great. The neighbor at Detroit Coney Grill did the same thing, and now this strip is bustling. 

Hummus Xpress delivers (like actually delivers food to your door), so there's really no excuse to not try it. It was easy to give 5 stars here... I love this place. I will most definitely be back.
Went here for a quick lunch, was mightily impressed by the choices, combinations, and flavors. I chose to do a plate and selected the grilled tomatoes, lamb, and chicken schwarma. I proceeded to try the lentil salad, and other sides. There were many different types of hummus and sauces to choose from. I can't wait to come back and try the others!.
One of my favorite places to go. The staff is very friendly and always making great recommendations for the perfect dish. The food itself is truly delicious, and there are so many options to try for a low cost.
I want to preface my review with the fact that my Mediterranean knowledge is based on a handful of places in the valley; some better than others, (in my opinion).  At the risk of the yelp*ing community throwing themselves off Camelback mountain, I have to say that Pita jungle sort of sets the bar for me when it comes to overall taste, portion size, and quality.  Having said that, I was fortunate to try Hummus Xpress (hard to take the place serious with the name) this afternoon.  Based on the reviews alone, I was expecting a lot and was not disappointed. Live music, handful of tables, not much of a line and fairly straightforward system of ordering.  If you read more than two other reviews, I don't have to repeat the process.  It was nice to get some guidance from the line, though I was a little confused by the pricing aspect: .60 cents per item on veggies.  I wasn't clear if that was across the menu or just that region but I was so aware of it that it kept me from really wanting to pile on anymore than a single veggie.  Portion size was adequate, the bowl can hold a lot of food and you fill the bowl easily with delicious ingredients.  I sampled a few flavors of hummus and too be honest, I prefer my hummus warm which this was not but was still tasty.  What seems like a limited menu actually is fairly vast and it would be possible to have the same thing twice only by accident.  Pitas were soft and warm and the iced tea was special.  Push-button iced tea is an abomination so it was nice to see handwritten exotic flavors that didn't make you roll your eyes.  Hummus Xpress (*sigh) is now in the rotation and on the board for a good quality lunch.
Delicious! Lots of healthy options, and I love that I could go here every day and get something totally different. The owners are great too- really friendly, helpful and they listen to your input. When they first opened, they only had bottled teas and fountain soda- I was bummed that I couldn't get brewed iced tea. Now they have unique teas and delicious lemonade as well. Even if you think you don't like Mediterranean food you should try this place- it's great!
Staff was friendly and helpful. Food was delicious and full of delicious flavors! Located in a section of town with so many fast food places, this is a welcome find for a healthy delicious meal!
Good gyro's. Great selections for toppings. Quick service. Ok hummus.
Tried this for the first time today with my room mate. I insisted on Burger King, and thank goodness we didn't go there! This place is authentic, tasty, cheap and filling. I'm currently rolling around in bed making whale noises because I cannot believe how much middle eastern food I just consumed. I will definitely recommend and tell all my middle eastern cuisine loving college student friends that this is the spot!!
Yum, yum, yum!! Have been wanting to try this place for several months now and today I finally did. The owner walked me thru the process since it was my first time and I filled up the bowl with lots of goodies!! I can't wait to go back.....maybe tomorrow!!
It was okay, nothing really amazing. I was craving Mediterranean food and found this place on Yelp. For the amount of food you get, the price is pretty good. I got the plate to share with my dad and it was huge. The pita was good. The rest was quite salty, with a kind of pickled taste to it? The people who were working were so nice though. They explained how everything worked because I was obviously clueless lol.

If you need a quick fix of Mediterranean food, come here. I've had better and am willing to wait for someone to cook my food and really enjoy it.
We went here on a recommendation from someone else, and at one point my wife even said she was upset it took us so long to find this place.  Food was good, staff was friendly, and for the amount of food you get, the price is very reasonable.  We'll be back.

Also, they told us they're open until 9 PM on weekends, and they deliver now.  So don't trust the hours above.
I was only in Phoenix two days and ate here twice, that should tell you something! Pick a pita, bowl, or plate and call out your favorites. You get proteins, vegetables, rice, hummus and add ons and sauces, so lots of possible combinations. The falafel were great, fried eggplant was friggin' delicious. Hummus came in at least six different flavors, I tried the chipotle and roasted red pepper, both were fantastic. Tabbouleh fresh, lentil kale salad was off the chain. Service at the counter was above average. Maybe i need to move to Phoenix.
This place rocks. Service and food are both great. Would definitely recommend you stop in and try it out
I saw this place for the first time tonight and turned around to see what it was about. I really enjoyed the fact that they served healthy food and veggies in a quick and easy way. The hummus was very good and the choices were many. I went with the bowl for dinner and was pleasantly full and best of all my body actually knew what it ate. i will most definatly be back.
This place turned out to be a VERY nice surprise. It is definitely similar to Chipotle but the quality of food here is much better in my opinion. Im only comparing it to Chipotle due to the similarites as making your order and choosing what you would like. Fresh cooked veggies, variety in meat and hummus. You also get rice and toppings as well. 

Easy quick dinner to pick up and take home and its very filling...and given that you pretty much cannot get anything that's unhealthy here you dont feel as guilty after you stuff your face and devour the whole bowl :)
It's a small place, with great customer service and most importantly really great tasting food. Can't beat it for a casual and quick bite to eat at reasonable prices.
Yep, that's 5 stars. I've been waiting to write my 100th review for someplace special. This place is great. Very much as everyone has reported previously it's a Mediterranean Chipotle, but better.  It's a small place in an older strip mall but nice inside. You get a choice of everything. I ordered a bowl with the most beautifully marinated, tender chicken, grilled zucchini, cooked kale, a quinoa salad with garbanzos in lemony dressing, jalapeo and cilantro hummus, extra toppings and a whole wheat pita. So much food but healthy. A lot of garlic which I'm sure all of my co-workers appreciated since I ate it at my desk. But I'm fairly sure they were just jealous they weren't eating it. All this for about $8.  Highly recommend.
I love this place! It's like chipotle, except you make a pita instead of a burrito! Everything is fresh and delicious, and the owner and staff are super nice and explain it all very well. Thanks for giving Tempe some more vegetarian options!
If you like garlic, you'll love Hummus Xpress. They do not hold back! I don't know if it was any one item or everything but I had garlic mouth for the rest of the night. Luckily my boyfriend and I both got dinner so it was okay - haha!

But besides sweating garlic I really liked this place. I love the Chipotle-style way of doing the food. I got a bowl with rice, beef, carrots, quinoa salad, classic hummus and tahini sauce. Everything was super fresh and flavorful. Some of the beef pieces were a tad on the dry side but overall it was good. Maybe it had been sitting a while? Also, the tatziki sauce was too strong for my taste so I would skip that next time. It's a lot of food. I ate half and was full so if you're like me you can easily get two meals out of a bowl.

Boyfriend has been looking for good falafel for a while now and he said it was very good. It must have been because he ate it all before I could try any!

The guys working behind the counter were really nice too. They were very patient and explained everything to us noobs. I will definitely be back for more!
Service 5/5: owner and employees were very helpful and genuine. 

Food 5/5: I am Lebanese and while my family does some dishes slightly different it is overall really good. I respect the fact that they don't hold back on garlic in the hummos    

Overall experience 5/5: they really made the place look nice from what it previously was, food and service very good
This place is an awesome change from the norm. Great food, cool people, and lots of options. I will be coming back.
Experienced hummus xpress for the first time tonight, and truly enjoyed the experience! The staff was very friendly and helpful and guided me through making my dish. The food was great! I am a fairly picky person and was pleased to find that I loved it! Definitely recommend!
This place was TASTY!! It was a bit confusing at first figuring out how to order, but the owner was great and explained it all. I ended up with a hummus bowl + falafel for only like $5. The falafel were fresh and I liked both hummus's (hummusi? hummuses? hummus's?). I tried the red pepper and jalepeno ones. 

They also have shug. For those of you that don't know, shug is incredible. It's so spicy and amazing and no falafel/hummus feast is complete without it, yet it's annoyingly hard to find here. Hummus Xpress has deliciously fiery lovely shug that made my day. 

Overall, great place to check out and hopefully they open more locations!
Damn, yea this place is great. I like the comparison to Chipotle, it definitely fits.
Its well priced, I got 2 meals for $8-9. 
Standard Mediterranean faire, and well done. You could make all sorts of combos out of their selection.
Definitely check it out either for lunch or dinner.
I have been here a couple of times now and love the variety of food and its very filling.
Amazing food and wonderful service! I wasn't sure how the setup worked but the staff was very friendly, made great recommendations, and they let me sample a few things as well! A bowl has a lot of food- neither my boyfriend nor I could finish it! I love that they offer falafels as a vegetarian option, and the beet hummus is a must try (I don't even like beets). Go here NOW!
Hummus Xpress was quite the pleasant surprise.  I enjoyed the variety of options, friendly/prompt service, and the fresh quality of food. It was very affordable and a great place to lunch it up. The establishment was clean(a big deal).
I have to say that I was taken aback by the freshness and quality of the food here. I was a little nervous about eating at a place in a strip mall, but am very happy that I was convinced to do so. The food was delicious, the staff was very helpful in helping me pick out items, and the portions are extremely generous. The staff described the setup/ordering as "Chipotle, for Mediterranean food". This place kicks that 'C' word restaurant's butt. Cannot wait to return. Rice, veggies, gyro meat, hummus, feta cheese, sauce, and pita were all delicious. I'm salivating while typing this up... sorry keyboard :)
So based on the outrageous reviews I just stopped here for lunch.  They must be padding their reviews based on my experience. I ordered a pita with grilled chicken, jalapeo hummus and kale.  I also ordered a side of falafel.  The pita was ok enough.. Nothing really special with it or the chicken.  It was nice to have kale, one of my favs, as a topping.  The falafel was brought out to my table and was really dark brown turning to blackish. I tried part of one and they were disgusting.  I took them back to the counter and being full from the pita, told the guy I didn't want anything else but they should be a bit more care because the falafel was way too fried.  He promptly told me I didn't know what I was talking about.  That he's from Lebanon and has eaten falafel his whole life.  I said it's still over fried.  He then ask me if I wanted him to give it to me raw because he could do that...I turned, said 'interesting customer service here' and left.  I'd never go back and would recommend you don't either.
I eat here about twice a week. Eddie, the owner and chef, is super passionate about his food, and he and the whole crew are always friendly. Every meal I've ordered has been delicious and fresh. I love the different hummus options, and the falafel is really special with lots of herbs. The food is served Chipotle style, with lots of different fillers and toppings. Eat here, you will not regret it!
The concept of this restaurant is comparable to Chipotle. You pick pita, bowl or plate, then you pick what goes inside.
I was really confused at first becasue the order of the menu on the wall was from right to left and not left to right. I wonder why...
The gal behind the counter realized quickly that we were new and started explaining the menu. I picked the pita option and some random ingredients I thought they would taste good together. The whole thing turned out amazing. You can ask for sauces and rice on the side.
A bonus to this place is the free iced tea check in offer. They had 3 very refreshing flavors: green, peach lavender, and mango. I took a cup to go and sipped on it for the rest of the day.
Great staff and great food. Enough options to have some variety each visit...or you can just stick to your favorite combos. My mouth's watering just thinking about today's lunch.  I'll definitely be back.
This place is awesome. I went there for the first time today. I asked them how the menu combinations work, I also explained that I am vegan. They took their time to explain the menu to me, which I liked. There are so many different combinations you can throw together. Lots of meat for those that like that and plenty of fillers such as roasted veggies, salads, toppings and fantastic hummus. I got a bowl with a pita on the side. I would do a plate next time for dinner. The bowl is perfect for lunch. You get your choice of wheat or white pita.
The staff is so respectful and helpful. I will definitely make this one of my regular weekly places to eat. Very excited to have found this place!
After reading the other reviews, I'm pretty much just seconding most of them.  It really is like a Mediterranean Chipotle:  Pick your size, pick your rice, pick your veggies, pick your meat, pick more veggies, pick your hummus, pick your sauce.  It's awesome, very delicious, everything fresh.  

Price is "fair".  Not expensive, not cheap.  Just fair.  My meal with a drink is like $10.

The owner/manager was also incredibly helpful in recommendations, descriptions, etc.  Great guy.

Even had a couple of kids playing sax/guitar a few times, if that's your thing.
My new favorite place for gyros.  They have so many fillings to choose from you will never run out of combinations.  Like other reviewers have posted, it's like chipotle but for Mediterranean food.  The food tastes great.  I tried the jalapeo hummus and was very pleased.  First time having kale in a gyro and it was very tasty.  Their tea is really good also.  They have mango, peach, and regular. This will be my go to place when I'm in town for business.

Update:  I just got a free baklava!  Flaky, sweet, buttery goodness.  Thank you!
I am soooooooooooooooooooooooooo excited about this place!! Quick and delicious! Just as another reviewer described, it's like the Mediterranean  version of Chipotle. You do order from right to left, you get to pick your rice, meat and veggie, hummus and as many toppings as you would like (like olives, and, other things... yeah, I was only interested in the olives) 

I was actually expecting the food not to be too fresh since it's basically served buffet style, but it was surprisingly fresh and perfect! I had the gyro meat and I honestly think it's the best gyro meat I've had in Tempe so far. Super moist and flavorful and it didn't give me indigestion! The hummus was really good, I had the plain one (If someone can't make plain hummus right, then there is no point in trying the flavored ones) It was good!!! I asked if it was made in house or bought, they told me everything is made in house.

Even the drinks were exciting! I had lavender-peach tea. It was fresh and I loved that it wasn't sweetened. Don't forget to check in and get a free tea! 

This will definitely be a regular lunch spot for me....how can you beat cheap, fresh and delicious?
This place is fantastic.  I had their bowl with beef, fried eggplant, saffron rice, classic hummus, and the kale salad.  I work close-by and plan on bringing my co-workers in.  This is definitely on the regular lunch spot rotation.  The peach-lavender tea was also lovely. Everything was very fresh.  Try it out! You won't be disappointed! 
:)
Bland food. Serving wasn't well eg rice was cold, gyro wasn't well done, etc. kale wasnt well cut... not recommended.
I finally had the chance to make it over here after having this place bookmarked for like 5 months now. Just like every other review said before this one, the concept is like a chipotle but with Middle Eastern ingredients. I got as much as I could fit in the plate of awesomeness to include: rice, gyro meat, roasted eggplant, carrots, chipotle hummus, tabouli salad, tzatziki, lettuce and shug (many different spellings of this word). Also, a choice of wheat or white pita was also included. Overall the food was good and I would definitely come back to have some more. The only negative that happened was that they ran out of tahini sauce. Not the biggest deal, but Mediterranean food would be complete without it. Hopefully this place will be able to expand to other locations.
The food is very good to the point of being unique.  

You can get most of what is served here elsewhere, if you stop at several different restaurants, but I think you'd be hard pressed to find a single place that does what Hummus Xpress does.

This is the third or fourth time I've been here but  it occurred to me today that if you're one of those people who doesn't like their food touching this might not be the place for you since everything kind of goes into one big pile.  Frankly it makes for some very interesting flavors, but it may not be for everyone.
Delicious! Quick! Easy!  So glad we tried Hummus Xpress.  My chicken pita was great but I didn't expect so many delicious salad and side options too.  Can't wait to come back again and try more
I love this place. The food is great and you get a lot of food for your money. The staff is very friendly and considerate. BUT FOR THE LOVE OF GOD! Put on some gloves!!! It is disgusting! I think this is mostly the younger guys that work here and not the owner. One young man had two gloves on, one had one glove on. He grabbed plates and pitas with his bare hands, and the cashier had no gloves on. I watched the cashier touch money, touch food items, then touch money again. Luckily he didn't handle any of my food, I would have politely asked him to put gloves on. He did scoop a side of sauce for us sans gloves, he dipped his finger in the first cup, he tossed that one, scooped another and spilled it on his hand. He then went back to cashiering. This grosses me out to no end. So unsanitary. Please please please educate your employees on food handling!
I love this place! My boyfriend and I come here all the time and the owner always remembers us. The food is amazing with great service and a reasonable price! The falafels are made the order and the lamb melts in your mouth. Amazing Mediterranean food!
Super friendly staff that stayed open a little later so we could get our fix! Beet Hummus, Kale salad, fresh falafel! I highly recommend EVERYTHING on the menu. Seriously, it's quick and delicious! A rarity in a sea of fried fast-food "restaurants".
I really liked the concept of picking your own toppings, etcetera. Each item I picked was well done and tasted great. I was impressed.  The flavor blended well together on the plate. The portion was sizable. 

I have it four stars as the meat had been sitting and was ok and the pita was reheated and dried out. 

I will go back for sure.
The food is delicious! Go! Your taste buds will thank you. So much flavor in one bowl and everything individually, every hummus, every salad is amazing. Been to Mediterranean places and paid 30 dollars for a dish and in comparison they were garbage. Staff is very friendly, helpful and welcoming. I'll be back.
I can not get over this place. The food was amazing, the service was amazing, oh and did I mention that the food was out if this world? 
Honestly was not expecting much, my boyfriend and I were hungry and wanted to try something healthier... So we went in, split a plate and a hummus bowl, and had left overs. The food was so good, we are going back again tomorrow for more. I have a feeling I will be a regular. ;)
Fantastic food and the best part is I can get what ever I want on my plate just like chipotle .
I recommend hummus xpress to everyone who likes good Mediterranean food! The combo choices offer anything you can think of- a great selection of meats, hot and cold veg, hummus, and sauces. My boyfriend and I got to sample ALL of the hummus options and it was so hard to pick which was best because they were ALL unique and delicious! I got the "bowl" which is the smallest of the combo meals, but it was very filling and satisfying AND I have leftovers for lunch tomorrow.
Finally, the service was tremendous! The gentlemen serving the food were very knowledgable and were eager to give recommendations :)
Went for the first time yesterday with a friend for lunch, right at the height of noon.  They were busy, but handling the rush.  I had a falafel plate, and while I had a short wait for the falafel, the taste of everything was outstanding.  My plate was falafel, eggplant, regular hummus, rice, some veggies and goat cheese with a regular pita (wheat was an option).  My friend had chicken.  We both left full and happy!!  Very affordable for a fresh lunch option in Tempe, healthy and filling as well.  I will definitely be back.  Glad to be the 100th review  Whoo hoooo.
I'm so excited to come back here!! They had the friendliest workers and willing to recommend different items. Hummus was amazing I got the cilantro jalapeo and the spicy. They were phenomenal! I will be bringing friends here to try it out. This is definately one if my favorite places now. Quick easy delicious you can't go wrong!!! It's a must try
Amazing restaurant!  Love the concept of picking your own combinations of food. Great flavor and very unique!  Love all the different types of hummus, veggies, and meats. Great place if you are vegan or gluten free! Love their friendly staff that let's you try samples of hummus. The owner, Eddie, is passionate about the food he serves and is very hospitable.  Very tasty!!
This is one of my favorite places to go for dinner. They provide a rare combination of health and taste, tradition and innovation!

Be sure to try the creative types of hummus that they make and the garlic aoli. 

The staff is very hospitable and they will take the time to guide you through the process.

This is one of the few restaurants that will make you crave vegetables. I encourage you to try the ginger carrots, roasted eggplant, and the various ways that they prepare kale.

I have nothing but good things to say about Hummus Xpress.
This place is amazing. Nice little gem in Tempe. A nice variety of hummus my favorite being the chipotle hummus. The food is fresh and delicious and the staff is friendly and very good service. Enjoy!!!!
Honestly. Go here if you care about eating great tasting, healthy food and supporting a unique local business. It's like chipotle for Mediterranean food. Delicious.
It's so easy to eat healthy when food tastes so good!
The Best & Healthiest Mediterranean place nearby! Must try if you are in the neighborhood.
First time trying this place, and for sure won't be the last time. It was awesome! The service was awesome after telling the person who served us that this was our first. He explained in detail and let us try some samples before we bought. This place will be on our radar from now on when choosing a place to eat.
This place is great. Awesome hummus and great veggie options. Meat has always been good and you can get lunch for under $8.
The Chipotle of the Mediterranean. Fresh, flavorful and fast. The tea tasted like it was actually brewed in the back, not from a mix. I hadn't ever been here before, but if I lived or worked in this area I'd be a regular.

The menu was a bit confusing but essentially you choose a meat, rice, hummus and other toppings. The Yelp check in bonus was a free iced tea. The serving sizes were generous enough that I couldn't finish it all for lunch, and all of the flavors went together really well. Plenty of vegetarian and low carb options since you could trade something out for the meat or rice portions of the dish.

Staff was friendly and helpful even with a busy lunchtime crowd. I needed sugar for my tea since there wasn't any at the beverage station and someone ran into the back to get me some. Unfortunately, he came back with salt, which I dumped in and then nearly gagged at. Second time was the charm though, and the tea was great.
Wow! This place has PER-SON-NAL-I-TY!

The guys that cook, serve and own this place are REALLY nice guys, and the food is VERY authentic.  For people who have a 100% Americanized palate, it might be a tad different for your tastes, but if you like meat, no meat, hummus, no hummus, tzatziki (sp?), or veggies, you should definitely stop by.  

To be honest, the food is really great, but it's the personalities of the people that work there that will keep me coming back.  I KNOW that I will leave in a good mood after having lunch there. :)
I would say the good is pretty alright here. There were a lot of bold flavors that I don't think I was ready for, but it was good nonetheless. Right when we got there, the two men behind the counter were very nice and welcoming. The heat though, was not welcoming. We chose to get our food to go because there was no way we could sit in that room to enjoy our meal. 
Anyways, the guys made our meal easy to choose from all the choices and were very helpful as we were first timers. If you can, get the tea. I think I enjoyed that more than the actual meal. Great service, and I can see good for others, just not my thing I don't think.
Food is very very bold here with lots of distinct flavors. Was recommended by the dudes behind the counter to go with the bowl. Comes with rice, 1 meat, 1 veggie, 1 salad and as many fix-in toppings your heart desires. Cucumbers, feta cheese, pickled radishes, and tzatziki sauce. On the side was warm pita bread. Also took advantage of the yelp check in for a free tea. 

The only thing that bothered me was the temperature inside of the restaurant. It was so warm that I felt like I had just entered a sauna. We had no choose but to order to-go.
Bold flavors, super fresh ingredients, and VERY friendly employees. This place is like Chipotle for Mediterranean food, without the chain restaurant feel. We stopped here after arriving at PHX and picking up our rental car at the Enterprise right down the street. We were totally starving and Yelp saved the day! We must have looked a little lost when we walked in because an employee immediately offered to walk us through the process. I ordered a bowl with saffron rice, gyro meat, roasted red pepper hummus, lentils, and lots of fresh veggies. It was absolutely delicious. And there was a check-in offer for one of their fresh brewed teas - score! All in all, this place deserves 5 stars. I would seriously eat at Hummus Xpress multiple times a week if I lived in the area.
amazing place!!
I must say, it has been YEARS since i have been so excited about a restaurant as I was when I walked in to Hummas Xpress.  Food was awesome, portion was awesome, the staff was so friendly.  At one point I felt like I was being cheered on by all as I ordered each element of my platter... It was awesome.

Nice date night place too.  We took our food to go, but it was setup so nicely that next time we will have it to stay and enjoy ourselves a bit longer.
I got a bowl. There is a good variety of options for meat and vegetarian entrees. Flavor for saffron rice, tabouleh, and gyro good. The texture to the gyro meat was a bit mushy, like it had been sitting the steamer bin for a long time. The grilled eggplant was more on the burnt than grilled. Classic hummus was spot on, good. My visit was at a little after 130pm. 

The foil bowl is deceiving in how filling it is. Filled with a meat or veggie entree, rice, salad, veggie side, hummus and a pita!

Would be willing to go back, try some other options like falafel and the lentil salad.

Service was nice. She asked if I had ever been there before. And since it was my first time she walked me through ordering.
Large portions and very fresh and flavorful.
I had a plate consisting of chicken, lamb, hummus, and several veggies and sauces.  
They have a large selection of humus and yummy dishes. Several are quite spicy so be careful.
 If I lived here I would be a regular. I just ate and I want to go back for more. Would make a great take out too.
We happened on this place by accident the other day. We were waiting for our car to be done at the mechanic so we wandered down Broadway, saw this place and decided to grab some food... Best accident ever! 

We were greeted by a very friendly staff, who explained how it all worked. Basically, they're a self-proclaimed Mediterranean Chipotle, but SO MUCH BETTER! 

You have a choice of a pita, a bowl or a plate. We chose a plate, and opted to share it, and it was more than enough food! You get saffron rice, and then choose your veggie (we went with grilled zucchini and kale), and your protein (chicken, falafel, gyro, beef), we chose gyro. Then you move down and pick your hummus, they usually have 3 or 4 different flavours (we went with cilantro jalapeno), and salad (we got tabouleh). But wait! You're not done yet! Then you pick your "accessories": diced onions, pickles, olives, lettuce, tomatoes, etc etc. All designed to compliment your meal. We went with diced onions, pickles and kalamata olives. 

Oh my goodness. This was seriously the best $11 I've ever spent at a restaurant. The gyros was tender and flavourful, the saffron rice was a great touch. The veggies weren't soggy. The cilantro jalapeno hummus had an amazing kick to it, and we thought it was better than most of the hummus you find at Trader Joes, AJ's, etc. The tabouleh was so bright and refreshing. The portion in the plate was perfect for the two of us to share. They didn't really skimp on anything. 

I was thoroughly impressed with the whole thing. The guys were super nice, the food was amazing and the price was more than right. 

The only downside which caused me to take away a star, was that there didn't seem to be a restroom. We thought it was a little odd, but then, we also didn't ask if there was restroom. But since there's usually a sign indicating where the potty is, and the only door led back to kitchen, it seemed safe to assume there was no where to go... if you needed to... you know... go. 

Other than that, I highly recommend Hummus Xpress!
Great place! Fresh food, good people behind the counter. Great option for vegetarians. Happy to have this in the neighborhood!
I happened to notice this place as I was driving by looking for somewhere to grab lunch.  Ever since making the switch to vegan after already being gluten-free, finding something good to eat that is also convenient has been a challenge!  The name alone was enough to convince me that I should try it out and I was pleasantly surprised to find that almost everything is gluten-free and most everything (other than the meat, of course) was also vegan!  I had a bowl with veggies, hummus and salad and it was delicious!  Not to mention everyone working was super friendly and helpful!  There was even live music during lunch!  What a cool spot.  Will definitely be back!
Meat was amazing and the concept was different. You should get the plate and have the lamb meat, soooo good.
My wife and I love this place.  The food is great, and service is super friendly. They are set up like a Mediterranean Chipotle.  Healthy food (yet super delicious) made just how you want it. Their hummus is some of the best in the valley. All the veggies and veggie salads are delectable.  They have tons of toppings!  You must try this place!
Me and my boyfriend are avid hummus fans and have thus made it our mission to try hummus at every restaurant we can. This place is freaking amazing. Everything is delicious and full of flavor. 

Now, this place definitely has some inefficiency issues, especially when it comes to making the pita. There point of sale system is also kind of slow (and I have my suspicious about the staff).  This can be upsetting when getting to-go orders as it effects the temperature of the food. But this is my only complaint and will certainly not keep me from coming here. 

Their set up is that of a chipotle style, they press the pita at the beginning (or at least that is the intention, if you get something with pita on the side, they wait until the end which slows down the process) and you pick your sides, meat, hummus and toppings. Everything ends up being kinda mixed together but is still good. I even liked the rice, which I don't typically like but I'm having suspicions that I just inherently like Mediterranean style rice. 

*Gyro meat- great
Falafel - pretty good 
*potatoes - fantastic
*Jalapeno/Cilantro hummus - amazeballs, very spicy
*Classic hummus - Great ( I like it topped with onion, pickles and tomatoes)
Rice - delicious
Lemon-garlic hummus - a little spicy but pretty good
chipotle hummus- pretty good
*chili .. something sauce - spicy and delicious
tzaiki - great

*favorite items


***forgive spelling, since I'm writing this review in lieu of doing my homework, I'm not gonna take the extra time to look them up
Wow, just wow.

I came here not really knowing what to expect.  I tried it for the first time today and I already can't wait to go back.  

The layout is much like Chipotle.  The two dudes that were working were super nice and super helpful.  It was my first time so they let me try a couple things and gave me advice on what was best.

Ready for this: I ended up getting a bowl with rice, fried eggplant, some sort of broccoli, chicken, lentil kale salad, red onion, tomato, a little bit of tzatziki and jalapeno cilantro hummus.  With a wheat pita on the side.

It was nothing like I expected but oh my god it was absolutely amazing.  All of the flavors just meshed together.  You taste a little bit of everything, but it's almost like you don't taste anything separate.  You just taste one big bowl of all these different flavors formed into one.  Words really don't do this place justice.   

The one thing I will say is don't be scared to do something a little out of your comfort zone.  I told them I don't like eggplant, they had me try it and it was the best eggplant I've ever had.  Some of the stuff they have there might seem a little out there, especially for someone like me who has a very American pallet.  Don't let that scare you and trust the people that work there.

If you aren't afraid of something a little exotic, you HAVE to go here.

If you are a little afraid of exotic, you HAVE to go here.  

This is one of those places where you just can't go wrong.
It's always fun to find a great little restaurant that serves excellent healthy food choices where the portion sizes are just right.  The protein and vegetable choices that accompany the hummus are all delicious.  The wait time on the food preparation is very short and I was able to eat here and be back to work in an hour without feeling rushed.  The price and the quality of food make this restaurant one of the best finds I have come across in the Tempe area.  

Will return (often) and would recommend to family and friends!
It's hard to add much more than what is already written for this restaurant, which properly backs up the high 4+ star rating (as of this review).   The owner/chef definitely cares about his food, the quality is high, the recipes amazing (the best roasted eggplant I had ever had) and the food a darn good value.   

Although I won't deduct any stars because from a food standpoint it was so good, I would suggest the following:

1.  Great concept - and well explained on the website, but the limited chalkboard menu above the food line doesn't make it abundantly clear what your options are (such as an extra veggie costing more - and if so, how much?

2.  Consider a side of hummous w/out the meat/fill-in or falaffel.  Maybe a small side to accompany a pita for 2 bucks or so.  The regular hummous I tried was amazing.  I'd gladly order a pita and then add a side to that order.

3.  Expand to the west side!  This is a great restaurant and concept - I passed by as I work not too far, but won't forever.  I will definitely miss this place when that day comes.
Coming from the taboolie mooley. I can say it's good az food. Take your photo here ginger lemon hummus. Staff is very informative and inspired.
Nothing fancy, just quality food at an affordable price. Hummus for days. Really great service.
A great restaurant hidden in Tempe.

I am a big fan of Mediterranean  cuisine so I am quite happy that I finally decided to check this place out. I ordered a bowl and had more than enough food, especially for under $10. The woman helping me was quite friendly and even more so once she found out that it was my first time in. I went with most of her recommendations (aleppo beef, jalapeo/cilantro hummus, cauliflower, etc.) and for the most part it was delicious. The piping hot pita bread (choice of regular or whole wheat) was awesome too! 

My only complaint was that the beef seemed to be mostly fat, although it was seasoned nicely. Maybe I'll try the chicken or gyro meat next time.

Planning to return very regularly!
Excellent service and amazing food. I stopped by on my way back to the office and didn't expect much of it. This place blew me away. From the moment I walked in. These guys were courteous and was patient as I make my decision on what to eat. Everything was flavorful. Don't think twice, just stop in!!!! 

You have to try their falafel! Delish!
This place never let's me down! A great takeout option ! The meat is always juicy and the various sides are delish!
For Mediterranean-style food this place is awesome!
They have a huge variety of food and it all tastes really good.
The flavors are perfect and when you get a plate, it will be more than enough food for anyone.
I had a FANTASTIC lunch date here with my husband today. They had live music (not sure why) but it didn't last long. 

The food was SOOOOO tasty. It was nice to have so many side vegetable options. I got to try a huge variety of food (3 sides, 2 kids of hummus, 1 protein, and all the toppings you can want).

It was a lite and refreshing lunch. The service was EXCELLENT (i.e. the guys behind the counter were really nice). I'll be going back a lot.
Stopped in today for the first time. 
Great Food. Great service.
You can custom design your meal, which I love.
The staff is knowledgeable, friendly and you can tell that they take pride in their work.
I will be back and I will also send others here, especially vegans and vegetarians!
Thank you for providing a much needed service to all. Good, fresh food!
This place is exactly how everyone else described it... the Chipotle of Mediterranean food. The portions are super gracious and the food is awesome. They even got me excited about vegetables. Everything looked super delicious and I can't wait to go back. The staff was super friendly and I even heard them call customers by their names. I can't wait to go back!
This place is amazing. I've eaten here twice now and both times were great. The menu is a little complicated, but the staff is really friendly and will walk you through the process. Tons of options for vegetarians. Everything has great flavor and the food somehow all works together in one big bowl. Standouts for me are the chipotle hummus and the eggplant.
Mmm! MMM! Love this place and love the concept. The food is fresh, flavorful, and fantastic! I like to get a bowl with rice, gyro meat, glazed carrots, eggplant, tzatziki, and shug with a pita on the side. Your belly will thank you after! The owner/chef puts his passion for food in his choices and you can tell in the service and taste. I hope they open more around the Valley!
I was blown away by the quality. Don't be fooled by the location. This is not subway or a place that uses garbage frozen food. The good in this place has flavor that can't be matched.

Do yourself a favor and give it a shot. I promise you won't regret it.
It's rare that I give a place 5 stars but if you're looking for quick healthy food this is the place for you. Lots of flavor and good customer service.
Finally remembered to try this place, and I should have done it sooner.

Staff:  Insanely friendly and helpful

Selection: Pretty much have everything.  Tons of options for the gluten-free, vegetarian, or us carnivores.  I enjoy the vegetarian options as a change up and this place has variety to fit a wide array of tastes.

Food:  I was a bit overwhelmed by the options so there was no method to my madness.  It really was delicious and the portions were huge.  I went with the Gyro, some kale veggie, the basil hummus, rice, etc, etc.... too much to list.  I went with the bowl while my gf went with the salad.  

This place blew us away in all aspects.  Definitely plan on going back.  Only mini critique is to stay open later for us dinner procrastinators!
I love you.

Fresh, great food.  Great people.  What more can you ask for?

I love Mediterranean food but always struggle with what dish to order, because I want a little of each flavor from each of my favorite dishes.  Problem solved, you can get anything practically here.
I was in the neighborhood looking for a a cheap, quick lunch. Yelp brought me here. I got the falafel bowl . Basically you can just choose what you want and then mix it all up for you. I got falafel with rice, tabouli salad, cilantro hummus and tons of veggies all for less than $8!
Best Mediterranean joint in Tempe, hands down! Eddie, the owner, is a master of the art, and his expertise shines at Hummus Xpress! 

The atmosphere here is comfortable and inviting. Live music, plenty of customers (but not too many), and some of the most friendly employees I've experienced. And the food is FANTASTIC! Eddie crafted an exquisite dish, with jalapeno hummus, lamb, lentil, and poached mushrooms. It was a remarkably delicious dish for only $8.50! 

Hummus Xpress is bound to take over Phoenix. This restaurant has everything you want in the perfect Mediterranean lunch spot.
Ok, so I don't like fast food places, nor places that is fast food places but pretend not to be fast food places. Hummus express is a fast food place.. but not only do I like the food, I love the concept and the attitude of the employees. 

So I was going to a barbecue and wanted to bring some hummus. Now, I could have made it myself - but mine isn't as experimentally fantastic as what they make here. Ginger-Lemon Hummus sounds wacky, but it is so obscenely divine that one needs to test it. And talking about faith in your product when you can sample everything before you buy it. 

So I bought some hummus... only the hummus, even if the guys behind the counter told me how I could walk out with more stuff for less money if I followed their lead - but I didn't have to. Instead they gave me hummus, and I paid. WIn-WIn.

I wish there was a way I could convey how awesome i believe this place to be - it will not suit everyone, but give it a shot. Give it a lunch.. its like $6. You could get hooked like me, or you could let the world know that you are not a connoisseur of fine experimental food, but a boring old meanie-face that smells of Chicken McNuggets.

If you do take my advice, drop my name.. and they will have absolutely no idea who I am ;)   - A 6th star for the attitude of the employees.
I don't understand the hype. I did not like this place one bit. It was very easy to find, and very convenient because I work down the street from this place, so this is how they got the one star. So I walked in, I was impressed because it was very quaint and clean. This usually puts me in a good mood when the area is clean. So I checked out the menu online before I came so I can get an idea of the options. I was super amped!! I adore hummus, pita and veggies,  so I felt like I was winning !! Wrong, the vegetarian bowl was this weird combination of cold, soggy and hot stuff piled on top of each other. I believe they are trying to emulate Chipotle ' s Aesthetic, sorry, not feeling it. What did it in for me is that the kale was cooked with the stems on. What a lazy move! I will not be coming here again.  Sorry
The Veggie Bowl is the way to go. But the Gyro is delicious also. I have been here a handful of times and I'm always happy with my choices. The service is outstanding, the food is fresh and the prices are amazing! Don't miss this place. It's worth the stop.
Like Chipotle for middle eastern food
Amazing...will be back with all my friends!   Extraordinary flavors!   Get the large bowl and have 3 meals for leftovers!  Gyro meat is the best...just plain awesome for the whole experience!   Great customer service tops it off!
What a wide array of selections they have here!  Today I got a lunch bowl with gyro meat, eggplant, rice, lentil and kale salad, cilantro and jalapeo hummus and pita.  All followed by their homemade fresh brewed mint iced tea.  For my listening pleasure they had on an oldies jazz station that played the classic - "The A Train".
Bowls are amazing. Had the kafta bowl with the ginger lime and cilantro hummus with lentils and cucumbers.
Their name makes them sound like a cheesy franchise, but Hummus Xpress is anything but.

Home cooked. Delicious. Fresh. Healthy. Great quick service.

Couldn't ask for more, except maybe for the falafel to be a bit tastier.

I get the chicken plate with rice, broccoli, potatoes, hummus, olives, feta and lentil and kale salad. A meal like that will cost you a little bit more than ten bucks, but is well worth it.

Pretty hip atmosphere with chipotle-style food serving.

They've got a few talented local musicians who play jazz guitar every once in awhile.
Friendly staff, a large variety of flavors and reasonable prices.  If you are wanting a healthy alternative check them out.
Food is excellent!  Portions are large.  The service is fast.  The food is healthy.  The owner served us and was very passionate about his food and restaurant. Id recommend this place to anyone.
Their food is packed with flavor.  A little too much for me to be honest but I still really enjoyed coming here.  The fellas behind the counter were very nice.  Awesome ingredients to choose from.  It' cool how you can pick and choose what you want in your bowl  If we are in the area we would definitely come back again!
I found that if I order small I could eat there more often and enjoy more things so I love the prices and the quality of food which always tastes good in the different ways that it's made:Israeli on ginger hummus with wheat pita.
Good food but unprofessional employees. Bring it up a notch behavior-wise and you got a great eatery.
Pros:

- Good healthy food. 
- Lots of vegetarian and Non Veg selection.
- Friendly Staff

Cons:
- Confusing menu. Needs to be more clear about how many of what you can get from each section. My girl got 2 and I got 1 but we paid the same. Also they need more seasoning in the chicken. No salt whatsoever.

- One spoon of meat? Really for $7-$9 you give one spoon of meat? First time i went in there i got 2 spoons. There need to be consistency with meat portions. I feel like I'm getting robbed depending on whoever is working at that moment gives you the portion he thinks is appropriate for you.

-I dont know how long this place has been open for but they definitely need to clean this place up. The booths are ripped and dirty, should be aligned with the wall instead of having it in the center. There was dirt all over the floor along with a screw on the floor where we were sitting.

- There was this loud vibrating sound coming from the soda machine all this time we were there. Very annoying. Fix it guys.

All in all its a group of young guys running this place including the owner and seems like they are on the right track with their friendly service and healthy food. Just clean it up a little bit and you have  my 5 stars.
Extremely generous quantities of the most delicious vegetables, hummus, meats and other complimentary ingredients. Would recommend asking the owner for guidance on which ingredients taste best together (as you get to select and choose the combination for your meal, and there is a wide variety to choose from).  I ate here with my family and we all were totally impressed by the quality and flavor of the options (and the quantities).  Very reasonably priced, casual small setting, friendly owner.  Definitely give it a try if you have the opportunity.
Awesome concept for Mediterranean food (like Chipotle). The people were great and very friendly. The food was right up there with others I've had. Definitely give this place a try. 

4 stars because of atmosphere. It's a very basic to-go feel. I'd still go again!
Tried this place today and it was BOMB the gyro bowl was amazing. The staff was friendly and funny. Def will be back
This is a good spot if you are looking for a quick, cheap, and relatively healthy meal.  Also, while I dont eat it, the meat looks great and I saw them butchering it themselves in the back.  The chef explained that they cook it overnight at a low temperature...sounded and looked delicious.

This is also a solid spot for the vegetarians here.  Lot of options, and a lot of food-you will not leave hungry.  The reason its 4 and not 5 stars is simple: I would prefer them to give the customer the option of putting all of the different foods in seperate containers instead of meshing them alltogether in one bowl.  I would prefer to be able to taste the hummus, tzaziki, tahini, etc all seperately as they are delicious in their own right.  As it stands now, they serve it all together in one bowl and tastes fine, but you cannot differentiate between all of their different foods.
First-time eating Lebanese food.  I had the Schwarma it was very good.It came with hummus/pita bread and a salad. The hummus was excellent and the salad was simple and flavorful. My companion had a gyro sandwich he enjoyed . The young waitress was very friendly and very informative regarding the food and culture of cuisine. Will go back soon for another wonderful experience.
As a parent this was not the place to take a kid, no kid menu. As an adult I thought it was a huge establishment that should have had more going for it. Perhaps I will try it out again in a couple months because the food was okay but nothing special.
Every time I make an attempt go eat here they are always closed. I'm not even sure if they are still operating as a regular restaurant or just a banquet hall.  Very disappointing place.
Fresh food and fast, came in just to try the place, met the owners Eddie and Eddie, they were super nice. Even gave me a sample cookie. All I can say is you must try the fries! They are delicious. I had a wrap with crab (they have steak and chicken too) but the crab was amazing and HEALTHY! All the service employees were really nice.

Awesome new place will definitely be back!
Wrap me up and take me home ZiKiZ. Your food is BoMb. (I don't know why their name has a capital K in the middle. I almoSt wAnT to wriTe the WhOle rEviEw this way, but I'm too full now.)

Back to the wraps. Your choice of Steak, Chicken or Crab mix or Falafel and 4 types of tortillas you can wrap it in. Or if you aren't a wrapper you could make it into a salad or a bowl. This is your meal so make your food dreams come true. 

Add: spinach, rice (white or brown), lettuce mix, olives, tomatoes, red onion, jalapeno, pickles, cucumbers, chick peas, green peppers, banana peppers, avocado, feta or mozzarella ($.99 extra for cheese), crumbled ZiKiZ chips. 

Dressing: I want to try them all! A house dressing that's good, Chipotle Ranch, Asian BBQ, Citrus, Hot Sauce, Mango Curry, Caesar, Vinaigrette. I only wish they had a Tzatziki sauce.

Wraps $7.99
Salads $8.49
Bowls $8.49 (they even have Tabouli!)

This is one of those meals that you can make healthy or kill it with the carbs depending your mood that day. I like that. Did I mention they have a cheesecake wrap? Tubby didn't try that, but it sure sounded good especially since you can choose chocolate, lemon or strawberries as your topping. Might as well rip the drawstring out of your pants to make some more room. 

I ordered online and like the fact they have the nutritional guidelines on there. Not that I even want to know about the cheesecake wrap.... Wait, strawberries are an exceptional source of antioxidants:) 

If you haven't got the memo yet ZiKiZ is doing it big up in here. Fresh, simple and have it your way. If you like to be your own boss of what you eat than check it out.
Had lunch bowl today at ZikiZ and super yummy! The steak was nice and tender, the mango curry sauce SO tasty. My husband got a steak wrap on sundried tomato tortilla. Will definitely go back! Nice healthy meal that tasted really good- tough for a lot of places to get right.
I saw the reviews on yelp and figured I would try it out. I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!! Manger welcomed me at the door, very very nice guy!!! The staff was really nice as we'll. The food was fresh steak is cooked perfectly. I got the spinach wrap with steak, humus, lettuce, onion with homemade rice and sauce. I can tell it's going to my new favorite place to grab a bite to eat. 
With the fresh food great staff I will be back. 
Hope the best for this restaurant! KCCO!
Hummus is amazing and fresh! Loved the falafels. I will definitely be back. Great owner, friendly staff
Had a great wrap! Nice new place. Excellent food, customer service and very clean. Reasonable prices. Will be back often.
Really great new Mediterranean place. Perfect if you want healthy, fast options that also taste delicious. Staff was friendly and knowledgable!
Great food, great service and nice staff.  This really is a franchise waiting to happen.  Eddie Sr. was very nice and accommodating.  He gave us our drinks for free since it was the first time we tried the food.  We live right around the corner and will be frequenting ZiKiz.  Try it!
Great service and atmosphere are always a must for me to return.  The food needs to be good too but a friendly owner and staff go a long way.
The good news is the food is great too.  I know this place is new but they are doing everything right as if they had been there for years.
Owner made suggestions at ordering and asked how everything was when I was finished.  

I will return
Fast service but foid just didn't wow me. Basically looks like another chipotle knockoff with their take on greek food. Wasnt really crazy that the guy grilling the chicken used same pan that he used when chicken was raw to serve me in. Behind the counter looked a little dirty . Overall another medicore fast food place.
Zikiz has yet to disappoint me. Consistency is key and they've got it. Friendly service and great food every single time. I love love love did I mention love their wraps. 

I get the spinach wrap with extra chicken instead of rice, lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, banana peppers, hummus and hot sauce. Holy crap I'm salivating just thinking about it. Their hummus and hot sauce are made in house and the flavors blend perfectly give it a try. They also have a citrus green tea which is pretty delicious. 

Give them a try, I have no idea why people aren't lining up for this place but it just makes the time between walking in and inhaling my wrap that much faster.
I was about to grab a sandwich at Brooklyn Bagel when I noticed this place. I love Mediterranean food, so I thought this would be an interesting place to check out since it a casual little spot. I was greeted and walked through the process of ordering. It's basically the way you order at Chipotle. You pick your carb, meat and toppings. They have two spits, one roasting steak and the other chicken. I went with the steak wrap and added hummus, ZiKiZ dressing and the usual Med toppings to basically make myself a salad in a wrap. The steak was delicious. Not dry and had good flavor. I definitely would stop back by if in the area. Just wish they had room for one more spit to do lamb.
I just visited here for the first time after my yoga class at the bikram studio in the same plaza. I must have looked confused when I walked in, because they knew it was my first time. Service was fantastic, and the food is light, fresh, and delicious! 

You can get a wrap (4 different kinds), rice bowl, hummus bowl, or.. something else I can't remember. For protein, you can choose from steak, chicken, falafel, or crab mix. And then you choose seasoned jasmine rice or brown rice, then toppings like tabouleh, hummus, olives, onions, peppers, cucumbers, etc. It's like a miniature, healthy, mediterranean version of chipotle. 

I had a spinach & herb wrap with zikiz jasmine rice, falafel, tabouleh, cucumbers, hummus, feta, and olive oil vinaigrette. Super delicious. I have a pretty small stomach so I usually end up eating only half of anything I buy, but it was so good I ate the whole thing (and am now super full)! 

Having moved to Henderson from Los Angeles, I have pretty high standards for food quality and I can tell you this place is fantastic. 

highly recommended. I don't give 5 stars on a first date because I think consistency is an important factor in a rating, but after I go back a couple more times I'm sure I'll give them the upgrade!
Absolutely amazing steak wrap... Big portions fresh veggies and sauce is to die for..
As soon as I walked in the door, the wonderful smells of their food accosted me. I'm a huge fan of falafels and hummus and theirs is so tasty! The hummus is smooth and perfect, the falafels done just right. So much to choose from, I'm sure you won't be disappointed! Enjoy!
My husband said it best, "if Chipotle were literally next store, I would never go there, and I like Chipotle."

I've been on a hunt for great Arab food since we moved to Vegas 7 years ago. I've lived in Egypt, England, and Michigan (land of cheap and plentiful shwarama), and this is the first place that I've been to in the Valley that really gets it. The pick your wrap concept is so brilliantly suited to the kind of Arab comfort food that every college kid in England and Michigan is used to after a night of partying, but the level of choice also makes healthy and hearty completely plausible.

I had the falafel wrap and the falafel was obviously fresh, golden, and had a perfect marriage of crust and filling. I used to stop and pick up a dozen falafel on the way home from class in Egypt, and these would have fit right in. Sababa has been my go to falafel place, but these unseated them easily. The rest of the ingredients completed the taste bud experience: cucumber, tabouleh, red onions, ZiKiZ rice, hummus, black olives,  and feta ($.50 up charge).

My husband had the spinach and herb wrap filled with angus steak, ZiKiZ rice, hummus, onion and tabouleh and you already saw his verdict.

I had a side of tabouleh and it was so good I got another to go.

Now all I wish was that they had a branch in North LV.
Ok where is the tzatziki sauce? They don't carry it! Had the rice bowl and it was just that.. lots of mushy rice. I ordered the chicken and they hardly put any meat. The chicken tasted like tuna. Really wanted to like this place.
Hope this place succeeds. Healthy food on the go. Inexpensive. Great options. Wraps, rice bowls, salads. Good falafel. Quiet, clean place.
First time there today with my wife. My wrap and her salad were both fantastic. Healthy and tasty food, friendly service... What's not to like.
I really enjoyed the food here. Huge portions and very tasty steak. Had a hummus bowl and could barely finish half of it. I met the owner and he really seems passionate and caring about his business. It's great to see this kind of commitment to pleasing their customers.
We found this place completely on accident.   We were next door at Jamba Juice and it caught our eye.  We were greeted by 2 very friendly gentlemen.   I believe one may have been the owner.   He explained how to order.  You choose either a wrap, a salad or a hummus bowl.  I got the hummus, then you choose a protein I chose chicken.  From there you pick your extras.  So many to choose from.  It was inexpensive and delicious!  This is exactly the way I love to eat.  Clean, healthy and guilt free.  I will back... again and again!  Oh, one more thing, the "ziki sauce" is amaaaaaaazing! I hope they will think about selling it by the bottle!
I had the zikiz rice bowl with hummus, falafel, and zikiz rice.  It was super delicious!!  The French fries were also spectacular!!  Prices are good.  It's super clean and the staff is friendly.
Amazing falafel! I was greeted by a kind and helpful man. The ingredients were all really fresh and you could customize to your liking. Super happy I found this place so close to home. They will know my name soon.
My awesome FPIC brought me here and it didn't sadden my taste buds. This place is great with their health options of wraps and vegetarian options. 

The place is nice and opened with a lot of natural light. It is welcoming and clean.

The fillings are abundant and they definitely made it packed with fresh goodness! I almost didn't finish it and originally when they were building my wrap,  I thought it was not enough but when I ate it.....I realized how much they put into the wrap. The sauce is really flavorful and so was the wrap itself! My FPIC had the chicken bowl and he enjoyed it quite a bit, so much so thay he didn't even try offering a bite of his!

I will be back for more the next time I am there!
Had a veggie wrap with Hummus. It's was a large portion and super delicious! Fresh food and the owners are great!
Always drop by here when I am in the area. The food tastes great and is filling. They have a combo lunch deal for $10 that tastes great and isn't all greasy.
Oh, my! I stumbled on to this place for lunch and ordered a salad ( $7.99). You choose the meat and toppings. Everything made fresh including original recipe salad dressing.  Can add hummus and a variety of Greek style toppers and cheeses. So flavorful!  I will make this shop a regular stop!
Great food, esp falafel. The owner is very friendly and clearly cares about his customers. Theres nothing like walking into a business and the employees and owner know you by your first name.
Fresh and healthful food make this place a go-to in my book! 

Needed a quick dinner around 8pm but didn't want to eat too heavy. We decided to try zikiz. I had a salad with chicken as my protein and the zikiz dressing, which was fantastic. A light vinaigrette that was delicious and refreshing. The ingredients were fresh. My husband had a rice bowl and LOVED it. He told them just to put a little of their homemade dressing and but raved about it and said he wished he let them put more on because it was so good. You can also get wraps and hummus bowls, which I'm sure we'll try some other time. 

Friendly service, bright and clean restaurant, fair prices. I'll be back here for sure!
I was very impressed with ZiKiZ and found it because of its great reviews on Yelp. I'm normally a little reserved when it comes to trying new things like the concept they have going on here, but I'm so glad I finally gave this place a shot. 

I had a bowl with ZiKiZ rice and steak. I added a little hummus and tabouli together with jalapeos, tomatoes, red onions, green pepper. I topped it off with the ZiKiZ sauce that was a sort of garlic vinaigrette. After my first bite I was sold. All of the ingredients went so well together. And this is coming from a food "separatist". I'm never a "mixer" and now I may have to rethink that whole strategy because I've probably been missing out.

Thanks ZiKiZ for making me see the light. Speaking of light, the food here is lite and healthy. It's a refreshing change when eating fast food. They also sell some gluten free, protein enriched desserts which looked tempting. I will definitely be back.
First time coming here but won't be my last.  Although they have a limited amount of food options what makes the difference is the taste and preparedness of the food, absolutely delicious.  I recommend the sticky brown rice with chicken added in it, mouth watering
If consistency is the key to success, well, Zikiz is going to be extremely successful. They are in a great location, the staff is always friendly and the food is delicious. Everything is hot and fresh. You can customize just about anything and the price is right. Keep up the good work guys!
Saw this place in passing when getting lunch to take to a friend and stopped in with no expectations.  I was SO thrilled to find all the amazing ingredients,  totally customizable to my taste, and friendly,  fast service.  Ive been telling all my other health-minded friends about this place as the best in the area to get a healthy, affordable, tasty meal.  Im gojng back today :)
Amazing food, simple menu, at an affordable price. I highly suggest you try the falafel!
The son of the owner who helped me prepare my food came out rude. But his dad was really nice. Other than that, I loved the steak wrap I got! Or should I say "burrito" LOL it was very tasty and huge!!! Thanks Zikkiz! Will definitely be back when I come back to Vegas!!
Came back here a couple more times, and I'm sad to say I won't be able to update this to a 5-star review.

One of the employees (I *think* this might be the owner's son, but this is a pure guess so I have no idea) is pretty unfriendly. Not rude, but just not friendly. Also finally had something other than the falafel - the chicken - and found it to be pretty dry. 

Still going to be coming back here again and again, but definitely has room for improvement.
I'm definitely a fan of this quick eatery. If you're in the mood for some quick and reasonably priced Mediterranean food ZiKiZ is a good option. It's like a Subway for Mediterranean food, but better because it's not Subway. You won't regret giving them a try.
This place has become a habit. It's pretty amazing. That's all there really is to it, especially if you like wraps and fast-ish food that isn't ungodly unhealthy for you.. and let's face is, most of it is. 

Food: YAY! Just yay! Everything I've tried here so far is great. They have 4 wraps that you can choose from, which are regular, whole wheat, Spinach and Herb, and Sundried Tomato. Whole wheat is usually my weapon of choice, but I've had the sundried tomato one as well and it was a-okay in my book. Oh, one more thing! They also have a gluten free wrap, so if you or somebody you know is gluten-free this place is fine. If you don't feel like a wrap, they have a variety of other options, such as bowls, plates, and salads...but really, wraps are just amazing and you should feel bad if you don't want to try one. Next is the meat. Omnomnom, meat. You can get chicken, steak, vegetarian fafalal, or crab (which of course costs extra.) I've had the chicken and steak. Both of them are good, but I prefer the chicken just because it's the healthier option and I'm pretty sure I could never get sick of chicken. Ever. The toppings are plentiful and I won't name all of them off, but the bonus here is that you can get hummus as a topping. YAY! They also have feta cheese. DOUBLE YAY! 

Sauces: Yes, this gets its own category because their sauces are awesome as well. They have some crazy ones, such as Mango Curry, and Citrus, but all of the basics are there too. Ranch, Chipotle, Buffalo, etc. They have a special Zikiz's sauce, but don't worry, it's basically a posh oil blend. Once again, all of the sauces I've had were good. The Mango Curry is my favorite, by far, since it's sweet, but has a little tang to it as well. It's perfect for a chicken and hummus wrap. 

Customer Service: I've been there a few times now and every time I go, the people working are extremely friendly. You are greeted and helped right away. The people are knowledgeable about the work environment and are readily available to hear you out for all of your Zikiz needs. In fact, if it's your first time, they are more then willing to explain the process of wrap making for you. The last time I was there, I had to get a gluten-free wrap for my friend, but didn't know what she wanted on it. She was at home sick, so I called her and asked. We were luckily the only ones in the store at the time, but when all was said and done, they ended up making her another wrap because the gluten-free ones tend to get hard after awhile. This impressed me, even though it was my fault it took so long. They were also patient. 

So this place is amazing and it's definitely on my must eat at when I'm feeling lazy but fairly healthy at the time days. One of the reviews said it best. It's like Chipotle, but 10x healthier. They also sell humus and an assortment of gluten free items in a freezer they have there. Worth a gander if you are ever in the area. The only downside is that it's tucked away in a corner of the Smiths shopping center, so it doesn't stand out. Fear not, because it will after you eat there!
Amazing. Fresh. Friendly. Reasonable.
Definitely check this spot out. 

They do a killer job!!
If you have been to Greece and the Middle East there  is no contest who has the best hummus in Vegas. I have been to Lebanon on more than one occasion where hummus was  originated (PHOENICIANS) and copied by the Greeks (Alexander the Great), Turks, and other Arabic nations. The real thing made from  scrap with that integrety and taste by far  we are so lucky to have is ZIKIZ. It doesn't look like yellow glue, hard paste , store bought, that all you can  taste is the garlic.  ZIKiZ' recipe is original from the  old  country and even the dark  golden color tells you that  the smooth taste is different with the finest ingredients and yes garlicy but with a great mixture of the  chick peas, lemon, etc. takes you back in time for the real thing.  Try  it once and I am sure you will agree.  You've tried the  rest now it's time to  try the best.  M. Haddad, Chicago/Las Vegas.
I'm obsessed with Zikiz. It is just SO good. The only way I could describe it is, it's like a Lebanese Chipotle.  

I usually get a wrap or a bowl, and they load it up with everything for me. I've had the steak which is great, but I'm really crazy about their falafel. I'm willing to go out on a limb and say its the best I've ever had. I crave this falafel.
We came here because of reviews on yelp. I am real picky about trying new places. Fresh and delicious. Friendly peeps. VERY clean. Will return again.
Love that everything is made to order and build your own.  The hummus is a must!  The management was very friendly and genuinely seemed to care about our experience.
Love Zikiz, great tasty food, my favorite is falafel, ingredients are always fresh and very tasty. The owner is very friendly and cares for his customers..
Excellent lunch spot! Fast, consistent and good! Everyone is friendly and the food is delicious. I got my co- workers hooked on this place. Very casual
It was my second time coming here...the first time was when they first opened, and i was not impressed...after a few months of being opened i figured they would have things together.......firstly i would like to specify that i LOVE their rice! it is soooooo delicious! and i made sure to compliment them on that fact several times........my biggest complaint that a bowl of rice, chick peas and some veggies is waaaaay over priced...but thats not the worst part.....my rice was SWIMMING in oil!!! if you look at the pictures that is all oil at the bottom of the bowl! it was like an oil soup! i ate as much of the surface rice as i could handle...it was too good to throw away...but it was soooo hard to eat any more.......i wish they would consider the fact that a vegetarian should not be charged the same amount as a meat eater...veggies are way cheaper than meat........paying almost $10 for a bowl of rice and veggies seems like robbery....yeah the rice is yummy(when its dry) but i will not be back.