I just ate at this place last night but will definitely be returning in hopes of eating every item on the menu. it was that good.   I had the laksa with the big noodles, spicy. it was my first laksa experience after hearing that this is THE laksa place in edinburgh. DELISH. hugggeeee portion, more than one shrimp, scallop, mystery meat, crab inside. it was never ending and the noodle portion was nuts.  it took me an hour to eat it and i have picked up on the scottish speed eating habits, so that says something.  

it was full when we got there- so you may want to opt for takeaway if you live nearby. attentive staff.

huge menu and literally everything looks amazing
I not sure what to make of this place - Kampong Ah Lee is a very traditional Malasian take aways and diner which serves big portions of what I can only assume are traditional Malasian dishes - they are very tasty and more than something different if you seem to always be eating Chinese take away and need something different, I cant remember the name of what I had to eat, but it was full of prawns and possibly even chicken and had lots of noodels cooked into it and spices. Yum!

The trouble is though that even with the big portions of good food, the price of this place is expensive. Also, staff are a bit on the grumpy side, but that is just a minor annoyance.
Deciding to try Kampong Ah Lee under the advice of a Malaysian friend I was confident I would be in for some authentic cuisine. 

I chose to ignore the shoddy toilet facilities, lack of music, and incomprehensible waitress as the food was all top notch. 

 I tried the Malaysian Roti for starters (a light fluffy bread with a spicy, coconut dipping sauce) and then followed that with the Beef Sambal (fried beef in a hot pepper and onion sauce). All tasty stuff and atypical to many other Asian cuisine restaurants.

The restaurant is tiny and often busy. The food is inexpensive and I can assure once you've fathomed the menu and necked a few Tiger beers, you'll be pleasantly surprised.
This Malaysian take away on Clerk Street is a welcome change from the slew of Indian and Chinese take aways surrounding it! It's evening got a raving review in a newpaper stuck in the display window.

The menu is not as easy to decipher as I would have liked, and some of the dishes are so foreign to the westerners palate you can tell they've maintained a lot of the authenticity of Malaysian cuisine. I was adviced to order some Roti Cenai, basically a flat bread with came with an awesome curry sauce. I'm also a big fan of coconut rice in any cuisine, and had that with a delicious chicken curry, which I think was called Kari Ayam. 

It was a great food experience all over, I just hope I'll be lucky with the menu again next time!
I've only ever been to Kampong Ah Lee once and it was delicious. I'd heard rumours of their laksa (I love coconut milk in food very much), but never managed to get there until after going to a massive poetry event at Queen's Hall. I was starving, so that probably helped (since we all know hunger is the best ingredient), but getting handed a massive bowl of laksa (and I'm talking HUGE) that I only paid 6 pounds for, was definitely a highlight of my year. That might be an overstatement.

It's a teensy restaurant, and it's quite popular, so sometimes you might find that you won't get a seat. We were lucky since there were only two of us. The service was really quick, and even though I managed to spill water and lassi everywhere (over the table and myself), they didn't ridicule me or make me feel guilty, which is always a plus. 

I definitely recommend going. Give yourself some time to look through the whole menu (it's overwhelming how much tasty stuff they have on it). And maybe go with a smaller group so that you're guaranteed a seat.
One of my favourite questions I get asked about my travels is 'what was your favourite meal?'.

Hands down, the answer to this is Beef Rendang; a Malaysian dry curry I discovered, funnily enough, in an Asian food court in Sydney of all places! And as testament to the dish, if I was blown away by a $4 food court hot plate version of this dish.... boy, I had NO idea what was coming to me from an authentic Malaysian kitchen!

I have to say I'm disappointed by the lack of Malaysian restaurants in Edinburgh. Old Penang closed down recently, which leaves only 2.... and I'm starting to wonder if I'll ever even remember the name of the other one because Kampong Ahlee is deeeelightful!!

Stopped by for lunch yesterday, ready to have my first authentic Rendang, and if disappointment is London, my reaction is Tokyo! Absolutely stunning food. I clearly made the right choice as both my eating partners ended up resenting their own selection after tasting my exquisite Beef Rendang! I also had a starter of Roti breads with curry dipping sauce... a little heavy, one would've been enough but that's hardly a complaint is it?

Honestly I couldn't see how I was ever going to try anything else off the menu, until the table next to ours was presented with a dish of Malaysian Spicy Fish.... the WHOLE fish! Looked amazing... my next visit is decided!

Quaint little place, low on frills and high on quality food. As for staff, well you get what you give.... we had some good banter and the waiter was happy to join in. Decent prices considering the standard of the food. Another of those little Edinburgh secrets as it really is a case of blink and you'll miss it if you're passing (pretty much opposite the old Odeon) as it's flanked by Newington's vast selection of off-the-wall trinket shops.

Find it. Try it. Love it.
When I first went over a year ago, the prices were reasonable. Prices have been going up quite a lot and food standards have been dropping. Their noodle soups are still reasonably priced, but of poor value -- the meat and ingredients are typically of very poor quality, e.g., rough, dry, tiny. Satay chicken are dry, hard, and very pricey. Meats in dishes are quite sparing in amount. I wish there was a good Malaysian restaurant in Edinburgh. There is another with a very very limited menu, but higher quality. We will visit Kampong Ah Lee now only if I am very desperate now. If they could improve their quality or lower their prices back to a reasonable level, we would come back.
Ate here last night with a selection of Yelp Elite and friendly alcoholics :) This was my first jaunt to a Malaysian restaurant in Edinburgh and im please to say it was a happy one. This places delivers simple food that is packed full on flavour 

I started with the roti with curry sauce, roti is as simple a bread as you can imagine served with a small pot of sauce that initially blows your head off then you adjust to the hot, sweet and powerful taste of the chili's. Very nice! 

I then had a dish from the Malay specials, aubergine with salted fish and minced pork. Cracker of a dish, beautiful soft aubergine with flakes of fish and pieces of octopus, with the pork in the sauce was reallya great dish. For me could have used just a touch of sunbal but really very nice. 

The service was pretty good, you have who I presume is the owner out front serving everyone with his wife and daughter manning the bar. If I had to criticise..... would this woman please smile!!! She has a look on her like you wouldn't believe! But really im all about the food and it was good, not unreal outstanding but really good meal at a good price. 

Jd = happy man!
You have to be greatful for people to suggest places you would never dream of going. Kampong Ah Lee is one of them. It looks pretty rundown from the outside which for me would be an instant no-no. I've watched too many 'pest ain't best' kind of showsand lack of maintenance to the establishment tends to be one of the key indicators. 

But, thankfully for an unofficial Yelp gathering last night and the reviews that had been posted prior to my visit I had the chance to tickle my tastebuds at a place I would never have ordinarily picked for myself. It's a well known secret - every table was full last night - on a Tuesday!

The Roti Cenai starts you off as the meal intends to go on - full of fire - but my only wish would be that the delicious curry sauce was slightly thicker to dip my chapatti-like flatbread into. The boy discovered oil cooked rice is delicious (I felt every delicious bit of cholesterol through every bite of rice) and I don't think anyone escaped the chilli-fire that breathed it's way through every dish. For me, the sea bass (complete with head, for those of a sensitive nature) with tom yum sauce was stunning - the sauce was fantastic and the fish beautifully cooked. For what we ate, the price was pretty reasonable and you can see why the place is so popular. 

The downfalls - not too many to be honest - one would be that I had no idea what half the meals were (there was one along the lines of King Kang....chortle) which without having the staff go through the menu line by line made it a bit harder to choose - although google helped me when I checked the online menu in advance. But take the plunge, you might find you will like it. The other was that staff were pretty abrupt, so wasn't ever quite sure they had my order (they did, I'm just paranoid). But overall, it is definitely a gem, and glad Joe A. introduced us to it!
"Jen shall have a fishy, on her little dishy, Jen shall have a fishy when Kampong comes in!" I did have a quite a big fishy on my dish last night - yep that's right, a whole fish, fins and all - and boy was I happy about it.

After Joe A's review describing Kampong Ah Lee as "deeeelightful", and much chat of a get-together with the regular yelp crowd, Kampong Ah Lee came up trumps for a Tuesday evening meal. I'm not very well-eaten in Far Eastern cuisine. I know a bit about thai, a wee bit about sushi but not much about how traditional Chinese or Malaysian food should be (read, not egg fried rice and sticky pork ribs). The fact that I didn't understand most of the menu here put me in good mind that it would be authentic.

As Catriona C has said, the only downside is that not understanding the menu means its a bit of a guess and pot luck, and I got the feeling I was missing out on some superb dishes just because I didn't know what they were. We were the sea bass end of the table, with Kerrin and I ordering the whole steamed sea bass with spicy bean sauce, and Catriona going for the same but with the kung po (?) sauce I think. Comparing the two, I would say Catriona's was spicier and lighter and I think I would have preferred it. But that's not to say I didn't enjoy my own!

And when I say whole, I mean whole. Nothing has been removed (not even the tongue, as I discovered after making the fish 'talk'. Mum did always say not to play with my food...) So squeamish / animal-loving folk may not want to order this one. But once I'd figured out how to remove skin, fins and bones with only chop sticks, there was some of the most succulent, melt-in-the-mouth and fresh sea bass in huge chunks to enjoy. Nom nom and NOM. (See uploaded photo).

I ordered boiled rice with mine but didn't even touch the rice. It would have been great to mop up the sauce (of which there was much) but it looked a little oily for my tastes (probably delicoius though). The sweet and sour vegetables to start were also really fresh, light and crunchy. A smallish portion but just what I was after.

Jurgen D's Malaysian special of aubergine, spicy fish and pork looked amazing! And Joe A's Malaysian Spicy Fish may be the next thing I order as it came dry, rather than with a sauce. As you can tell, I had a little bit of food envy of almost everyones food, despite that mine was awesome. 

The place doesn't look much on the outside or inside. I've walked by many times and not really noticed it. But it seems they focus on providing fresh, authentic Malaysian cuisine and don't need to worry about the rest. As Catriona C said it was full on a Tuesday night. We booked our 8-person table in advance, thankfully. It got pretty toasty inside, so wear layers, and perhaps loose fitting pants. 

Considering I live in the area I definitely know where I'll be going next time I want a whole fish on my dish. Props to Joe A for suggesting it and bringing Kampong Ah Lee into my life!
It was with great joy and laughter that I came to experience Kampong Ah Lee with some of Edinburgh's finest a couple of weeks ago at an "all welcome Yelp meet up for dinner" - note to self; think of a snappier title.

Whilst I was at first surprised (and perhaps a little concerned) by the cafe stylings of Kampong, the food more than made up for it. I feel the need to repeat that last sentence. The food MORE than made up for it.

Joe A highyl recommended the roti to start with, and Jurgen D and I weren't arguing! Now I've had roti before, and I mean loads of times - and for me it's never really had the same draw as any other kind of accompanying bread; always just... plain and boring. The roti at Kampong though was enough to completely change my opinion of asia's favourite unleavened bread - it was fresh, delicious and served with a side of curry dipping sauce that had just the right mix of spice and flavour to accompany bread that would have been good enough to eat on its own.

Whilst most others round the table went for exotic named and looking dishes, I (being full of a cold) plumped for the rather unimaginative chicken curry noodles. Of all the dishes, this was perhaps the most ronseal of the lot - it did exactly what it said on the tin. The chicken wasn't flavourless pieces of breast meat, but chunks of chicken akin to those seen in any number of asian chop shops around the world; full of fatty bits and bones yes - but all the tastier for it. A good sized portion was offered and the noodles and dry sauce were just right for this (what would be considered in other places to be) boring dish to be something that I'd order again. 

It didn't matter all too much that it was just before pay day either as the menu ranged from £7 for my chicken curry noodles to Jenny L and Catriona C's £12+ fish - something for everyone then; providing of course that you can figure out what it is you're ordering off the menu!
Having never had Malaysian food before, I was a tad reluctant to try this place out. Thankfully, my Malaysian friend convinced me otherwise!

You may be tempted to turn on your heel and leave as soon as you enter this establishment, but persevere and you should be happily surprised!

A definite must have is the Roti Cenai...2 very puffy, and tasty Roti bread served with a curry dip. I would suggest sharing this with a friend with your main meal as its quite filling. 

After deliberating over the extensive menu, filled with chicken, meat, veggie, rice and noodley dishes, I decided on chicken curry rice. Doesn't sound too exciting, but was mega tasty. Big chunks of chicken sat on an abundance of rice, onion and carrot, covered in a dry curry sauce. Noms.

It's worthwhile to note that the chicken comes on the bone in big chunks, you won't know what part of the chicken you're eating, but the taste is worth it.

The pearl tea is also pretty cute :) 

Price wise, not too expensive at all. Worth a wee look,
Oh Ma Po tofu how I love thee. 

So... is it me or is Edinburgh finally getting it? 

At this fine little establishment there's heaps and heaps of tofu deliciousness filled dishes for me to enjoy.

Now don't get me wrong there's plenty of veggie goodness all over the 'burgh... but what self respecting date of mine wouldn't love some hearty beef meat? Ill tell you. None.

I like me some cavemen-lumberjack types... so I can't help but want to be the dainty animal-loving lady accompanying m'lord who obviously hunts and eats his own food... preferably with his bare hands. 

This place allows for that. 

I can have a perfectly heaping plate of bean curd and vegetation while he knaws at some gristle. (Can Scottish East Asians PLEASE start calling it tofu? Bean curd and fermented bean curd sounds so - gross.) And... they're both delicious. 

And they give me chopsticks. 'Cause just 'cause I'm a nerdy white girl doesn't mean I don't know how to use chopsticks - thank you for understanding that. 

And the rice dishes come with - What now? What's that you say? Oh, yes... rice (no charging extra!). 

I will be back early and often for all sorts of curd-y delights. Happy belly.
Hidden away up in Newington behind an unassuming shop front, this little gem of a restaurant could easily be described as buried treasure. It's the sort of place you can easily walk past without going in; the interior isn't pretty, and it doesn't look much from the inside, but once you're in there you're in for a treat!

I would recommend the rendang beef. My best friend from high school was very annoyed when he read my review of Kampong Ah Lee and realised I'd been without inviting him, and without ordering Rendang Beef. 

Their noodles can be a bit greasy, but I do love greasy noodles. It's perfect for some late night soul food.
flavorful "spicy chicken fried with coconut rice"-not too spicy-- an excellent dish.  the "teh o ice limau" drink tastes like orange marmalade in water-a bit bitter... the drink was not cold.  the hakka pork noodles was tasty but too salty
I've heard tales of Malaysian Delight. I've heard Chinese whispers that have made it all the way west to Glasgow, that this place could rival the infamous Asia Style. Could it be true, I thought?

Having walked past this joint numerous times I never once realised it was in fact a restaurant. From the outside it just looks like a bog standard take away. But you'd be a fool (as I am) for thinking so.

Its a pretty basic, canteen style restaurant, but its clean with a homely feel. We opted for the classic Malaysian Roti and Chicken Wings to start. Followed by an aubergine and minced pork stir fry with coconut rice. It was all pretty delicious, roti wasn't as light and fluffy as I would have thought, and the chicken wings we ordered were not the ones that arrived, although they were great all the same, so no drama.

Grub was washed down with a big pot of tea for a quid and the final bill was delightfully cheap.

Another visit will help me establish if its any better than it's western foe, but I certainly won't be walking by this place again without diving in for a good nosh.
I was glad to be able to visit this place on my short trip to Edinburgh. We really enjoyed the roti chennai. I was really excited to see teh tarik on the menu but sadly it didn't taste much like the real thing. On the whole it was pretty tasty, but just didn't quite taste like home (maybe I'm asking too much?)
Nothing brings as much delight as Kampong Ah Lee Malaysian Delight! Nice starter of roti followed by very flavorful beef rendang. Oddly, I had to order rice separate for it. The wife had the laksa noodle soup with a nice kick to it. Definitely winners for these Malaysian specialties!
I am so glad there is a good place for Malaysian food in this city. We have come in twice now and both times, I have really enjoyed my dishes. First time I had the curry laksa which was plenty spicy even for me, and I love spicy! Their roti was also very nice though I wished there were more roti in each serving. The second time we came here, I ordered the prawn noodle. Yes I do love my soup noodles. And this was delicious. The soup was so full of prawn flavor. Yum and they were quite generous with the prawns too. And all the prices are reasonable too. Definitely will be going back soon!
I like Big Wong and I cannot lie. This strangely named restaurant just opened today. If you happen to catch this review soon enough, you can drop in and get a free entree with the purchase of a $1 soda or bottled water. It's for dine-in only and is valid through May 18.

I stopped by for lunch and ordered the Authentic Curry Chicken Over Rice. This dish normally costs $4.95 but was free with my $1 can of ginger ale. So how was it? It was actually very good. For $4.95, it's a great deal. For free, it's a steal!

Everything on their menu is $4.95 with one item coming in at $3.95. You'd think that you were looking at the lunch menu, but no my friends. This is their regular menu. If this place was open after midnight, it would be the new unquestioned late night king.

I'm inclined to give this place four stars based on the one dish I've tried so far, and the extremely fast and friendly service. Add in the fact that everything is under $5 - oh and that's tax included - and I'm glad to bump that up to a fiver.
Got the #2 (Hoi Nam Chicken over Seasoned Rice) for lunch today and when the plate came I was pleased with the looks of a steamed chicken cooked all the way through - no bloody marrow. It came with two small dishes of seasoned soy sauce and a special chili sauce which both worked perfectly with the chicken/rice. You must use the sauces to get the most out of this dish! Overall this dish reminded me of my mom's steamed game hen - one of my favorites. Warning: Big Wong's version is served cold, and the menu doesn't say so. 

Impressive build-out of the restaurant space, Big Wong! Clean, bright and nice stone and tile work, definitely not what I expected from the outside as the storefront windows are limo-tinted and you can't see in at all. Bathrooms are nicely tiled from floor-to-ceiling. Exhibition kitchen is a nice surprise. Big Wong seems to be in it for the long haul. 

Going back tomorrow (last-minute UYE anyone?) for another dish and a possible upgrade to 5-stars if things go well... to be continued
Free meal with the purchase of a $1 drink through May 18. 

What's not to love? The service was friendly and fast. I tried the curry chicken with roti pancakes and my fella got the boneless fried chicken with udon. We shared the two dishes and for a grand total of $2, how can you go wrong? The curry was a little subtle for my taste, wish it had a bit more kick. I'm a big fan of udon and the chicken was moist and tasty. I enjoyed it, despite my aversion to fried chicken usually.

I definitely recommend you try to get there before Thursday. That deal's too good to pass up. The regular menu items are very reasonably priced so even if you don't get in on the free offer, $5 for a meal? Heck yes!
Where should I begin?? After being seated and waiting 10 minutes, our waitress bypassed our table twice to take orders from people that were seated after us. Not sure if us being the only black couple had anything to do with it. I ordered the curry chicken with roti pancakes and there must have been a chicken shortage because I received a bowl of curry potatoes with a few chicken scraps.. Needless to say, I won't be back.. I'm only out $1.00, so that's a plus..
It is probably not fair to write a review during the grand opening/dollar days extravaganza, but this is a "good" 3 stars.  Waited in a short line (I was hanging out of the door) at 1 PM, and I see the backs of the guys at the front of the line, and it is Anthony T. and Tien N. no less!  I yelled out and they had me join them.  

After being seated, we got our orders in pretty fast and my food was cold (I expected that after reading Bobby Y.'s review) so I got to eat first!  I ordered #1 Hainan chicken white meat - it came with cucumbers, the rice cooked in chicken broth, and 2 dipping sauces.  The spicy sauce was killer - after I finished the chicken and the cucumber I poured the sauce on the rice and ate it last.  It was pretty good.  The only time I had similar food was at a food cart in Portland.

Tien had the curry chix with roti and Anthony had the thin ribeye with rice/potatoes.  Definitely worth the buck.  Tien graciously treated me with his stack of quarters.  I probably would not rush back but it will be cheap even once it goes up to $4.95 per dish, and the rice and spicy sauce *are* pretty tasty.
I can't really say that I'm a fan of this place from my first visit. But hey, it was a dollar, so I can't really complain. Even at their standard $4.95 prices, this turns out to be a decent stop for a quick lunch. Sure, it's nothing memorable, but it's got value on its side.

For starters, I ordered an regular iced tea to go with my meal. Disappointingly, it just turned out to be a canned Lipton Brisk tea. Not my usual forte; but then again, the meal was too cheap to make any complaints about. Service still remained to be prompt and friendly.

For the entrée, I went with the chicken curry. It tasted a lot like my home cooking. You'd think that'd be complementary, but I am a terrible cook. In terms of flavors, it was average. But, it ended up being a filling meal. Don't count on waiting for your food, since it was practically served to me as quickly as the drink came out.

As I mentioned earlier, this place was nothing to write home about. I needed a quick lunch fix, and I got it for a good value. I will probably give it another go tomorrow for the last day of the $1 promotion. Maybe a better tasting dish will up my review to 4 stars.
With a name like Big Wong, there are bound to be some jokes and uncomfortable looking older Chinese women glaring at their white husbands. That is what I encountered as I was waiting for my food. The lack of music or any other white noise allowed me to eavesdrop on my surrounding tables. I know it is not the most polite, but us Chinese people talk loud enough for everyone to be a part of the festivities anyways.

I wished I had brought a book because I felt uncomfortable sitting alone while waiting for my fried chicken and rice to come. Normally I have no problems eating alone, but there was nothing to distract me.

I had noticed that the food comes out at random, it does not matter if your party ordered everything at the same time, because you will get it in whatever order the chefs tray them up. If you have a problem with this then it would be best to avoid this restaurant because you will be furious. Some people finished their food before the rest of their party even got their meal. I saw four tables that came in after me get their food and finish before mine came out. For me, it is not a big deal because my chicken was being fried fresh. The waitress had also apologized a couple of times, but I reassured her I didn't mind. 

When I got it, the skin and parts of the meat were crispy, while the inside was juicy and tender. This was perfect. The protein was served with rice, a fermented chopped veggie (cabbage), a chilled boiled tea egg, and a dipping sauce that had ground meat in it. Mixing the rice with all the other ingredients made for a delicious side. 

I would come back here again and pay the regular price for a meal. Nothing cost over five dollars and is great if you just want something simple. Just remember to bring something to keep you preoccupied if dining alone.
Hey, if you're going to have a Wong, make it a big one, right? 

The incentive to quality control this new eatery was that if you paid a dollar for your beverage (and mind you if you're reading this review 5/17/11-5/18/11 it's still going on), your entree was FREE! 

No, that's not a typo, it's true. FREE. The three amigos ate for $3 dollars (plus tip) last night. 

Newly remodeled with fresh yellow paint and ZERO items on the wall (perhaps not to distract from the food?), Big Wongs appeared to be clean and hoppin. 

Seated at the very last table, conveniently located next to the hallway leading to the restrooms we placed our beverage order. Our canned soda's arrived in a timely fashion, unlike our food. 

The number list of menu items was pretty small, but based on observation, I believe their is an "off the menu" option for things such as bok choy (which we found no where on the list). We chose our "numbers" and placed our order then commenced witty conversations amongst ourselves. 

.............OK, so there's not enough time, or A.D.D. medication for me to input enough dots to represent the length of time we waited for our meals, but it was a while (*clears throat*, 40 minutes). We received our food, one dish at a time and about 5 to 15 minutes in between each other, but I would say despite the wait, the food was actually quite tasty! 

I will give them a small exception that it was in fact their opening night and all, but common..Your menu is tiny, your items are numbered and the Restaurant seats about 10 tables MAX. Perhaps I'm being harsh but I don't see what the struggle to get food out in a timely fashion was all about..just sayin. 

OK, OK, enough of that. The food itself was very delicious and everything on the featured menu is UNDER $5!!! Yes folks, that's right, UNDER $5.00!! 

Would I eat there again? Sure. Would I go out of my way to get there, bring anyone there, or recommend it? Prolly not.
I like Big Wong and I can not lie, you other brother's cannot lie.

Ok all song parodies aside, I have to admit I am a fan of Big Wong.

The opening special was enough to get me in the door...are you kidding me $1 for a meal, I'm in! And the food was good enough to get me to come back 3 times in 2 days. And as long as they keep serving it up I will be going back.

The $1 special is insane, however their normal priced menu is still insanely cheap, there isn't anything over $5 including tax!

I have had the Pork Chops twice and the Ribeye once. The Ribeye was served with rice and some cucumber slices, it was pretty good, a little small but still a solid offering. The Pork Chop is my favorite thing on the menu, both times I've got it with the Udon Noodles and have enjoyed every bite.

There have been some issues with the service, I have to say my service was great, and let's be honest they've been slammed so I give them a some forgiveness. 

The Kitchen is open so you can see them prep the food, I was really impressed how quickly my order came out all 3 times, those guys back there aren't messing around.

I will say the walls could use some pictures or something (they are bare), but other than that I really like the place, I can see myself picking up some grub there on more than one occasion and as Paolo said if they were open later, I would be eating here all the time, for now I'll just settle for twice a day.
Went there for the grand opening special. Free meal with purchase of a $1 drink. I thought it was going to be a little sampler it something but it ended up pretty good. Ordered the special fried chicken with rice 5a. The chicken was crispy and juicy, not greasy. Loved the dipping sauce that came with it. They have choice of rice or noodles for each meal. The noodles came with soup in a big bowl. They just opened so everything is clean. Service was pretty fast considering there was a bunch of meal there. I placed my order went to wash my hand in the restroom, got back all our plates were there. they did have a long line out side but its because there wasn't a waiting area inside wait, just put ur name on the list and waited 15 mins checked the other stores around so it was quick. I think today is the last day for their special so ill probably go there and try something else. Meals regular are about $4.95.
Today was the last day of the grand opening special so I dragged a few of my coworkers to join me.  We arrived about 3:30pm, the place was packed but the wait wasn't very long, only 10 mins for a party of 5.  Seems like they turn the tables over pretty quickly for a little place.

They only have 14 items on the menu so we had already decided what we were going to order before we sat down.  I got the Hoi Nam Chicken over seasoned rice, my friends got deep fried pork chop over rice, fried pork chop with udon noodle soup and curry chicken over rice.

My Hoi Nam chicken was moist, the dipping sauce was delish but the seasoned rice was the best!

We all tried each others dishes- the curry chicken had great flavor, it was more Japanese style (which I like) but was a tad greasy.

The fried pork chops were also good, but better when you dip in this sauce they give that has a beef stock taste to it.

We also ordered some vegetables in oyster sauce that was okay, nothing special since it was just steamed/boiled Chinese broccoli with sauce.

Overall, it was a success cause our meal came out to $7.95 for 5 entrees and 4 drinks with the special.  I would defiantly come back since the regular prices are still not bad at all- $4.95 including tax.
If I solely based ratings on value, Big Wong would get 4.5-5 stars but everything here is average to above average at best. 

The Hainanese chicken sauce is good but the chicken tastes like it was only boiled in water. 

The curry chicken wasn't bad, but it could really use more kick. The fried pork chop and fried chicken were really flavorful. 

All in all, for 5 bucks an entree you can't complain. If I were in school, I'd prob be here all the time. It's really decent fast Chinese food. Nothing spectacular but cheap food.


------------------------------EDIT---------------------------------------------------------

I came back and had the Shrimp Soup with Shirmp Wonton.  The soup was really flavorful, the noodles had great texture, and I am definitely a fan of their shrimp wontons.

I was a little harsh on my first review but I should cut some slack since I went during their Grand Opening special.

Value-wise, everything is under 5 bucks with tax so it's a hell of a value.  I'll be back espeically for their fried chicken and fried pork chop.
Went back last night on a last-minute whim with a couple of other Yelpers and ordered the Vegetables w/Oyster Sauce (without Oyster Sauce) and the Pork Chop over Rice. Rice was plain, and the Vegetables were a steamed (and plain) Chinese broccoli. The sad-looking Pork dish came out thinly cut and cooked 'til dry with a side dish of glutenous pork sauce - sounds good, huh? Ha ha ha. Hard to complain about a $1 promotional meal, but let's just say I am glad $1 included a cold, refreshing bottle of spring water. It was the first time in my life that I would be caught pouring soy sauce into my rice pile to desperately add flavor. Ah, the shame. I wish I had ordered the #2 again (Hoi Nam Chicken)...

It was funny to hear the excited folks texting and calling their friends to come join them for the 'Chinese meal deal of the year' and saying (without having seen the menu) that they can't wait to order some won-ton soup and orange chicken. They were in for a Hoi Nam surprise.

Truth is, it's just fun to say "Let's go to Big Wong" so the reality is that I am probably going to end up trying everything on their menu by the end of the summer. 20 items x $5 = $100 = so if they can keep their customers' curiosity going they might do really well. I'm temped to do a drive-by tonight to see if the buzz from the 3-day dollar sale leaks over into real sales.

Overall my impression of Big Wong so far is this: if IKEA opened a small Taiwanese/Chinese restaurant in the Raku/Monta strip mall it would be a lot like this one. Small menu and cheap prices and the food looks like food, but when it comes down to taste and execution, you may wonder if the Swedish Chef is doin' the cooking.
I went to Big Wong Restaurant for a Meetup (Sushi & More) gathering, met some diverse and interesting folks and we for the most part enjoyed the meal we had during their opening $1 promotion.

My first visit was on the evening of the opening day.  The place was packed already by about 7pm, and I was glad I grabbed a 6-top for our 7:30pm get together.  Service was hectic, but that is to be expected with the place being so slammed from everyone and their coworker's grandmother stopping by to check out the new Chinese restaurant near the corner of Decatur and Spring Mountain, which serves basically Malaysian, Taiwanese, Cantonese and a little Asian fusion food.

The thing I immediately like about Big Wong is that it has a very basic menu of 17 entrees, which can be consolidated to just 7 main items (i.e., steamed chicken, fried chicken, fried pork chop, curry chicken, wontons, thin ribeye, shrimp). Personally I think the biggest common  mistake restaurateurs make is having way too much items on the menu, where their kitchen is not able to perfect them all.  Better to have a smaller menu and make them all perfectly, I say.

Anyway, I ordered the Hoi Nam Chicken (boneless dark meat) Over Rice - dish with origin in Chinese's Hainanese regional cuisine, which is also very popular in Malaysia and Singaporean due to Chinese immigrants to those countries. The chicken is fine, but I prefer my rice to be more "seasoned".

I have also tried the Fried Chicken Over Rice (boneless) - I really like this one, as the chicken is fried well and is still juicy.  I know I will order this in the future.

The Fired Pork Chop was disappointing for me.  I was expecting it to be more tender and juicy, but it was on the tough side. The minced pork sauce that it was served with help me finish the entree, but I will most likely not try this again.

The Curry with Roti looks good when my dining companions ordered it.  I will try that next time, besides what is not to like about Roti!  The curry itself can be a little less on the "greasy" side, but other than that I heard the flavor was good.

Now that the $1 drink + free entree grand opening promotion is over, we will see if the restaurant can sustain the buzz and continue to draw in a steady flow of customers.  I think at $4.95 (inclusive of tax) it is hard to find a better meal deal cheaper at a sit down restaurant.

And for those who are expecting this to be just another typical Chinese take-out restaurant, you will most likely be disappointed with their menu selection.  You will not find Kung-Pao Chicken or Egg Rolls here. But if you are down to try some different kind of Chinese regional dishes, this is a good place to start without breaking the bank.

------Version 1.0.1 Update------
Came here after hearing about their House Special Shrimp Wontons from Nelson Q and reading his review.  When I arrived I was told that they also have new menu items that just got added today (Beef Ramen, Shrimp Ramen or Udon and Malaysian Beef Curry over Rice).

I was pretty set to try the shrimp wonton, which was pure shrimp in wonton wrapper.  Yum! The Shrimp Wonton Udon also comes with vegetables, so it is a pretty complete meal.

The new Beef Ramen (made with tender braised beef briskets and tendons) was very good.  The beef broth has a nice flavor, and the brisket and tendons were braised for hours until they are perfectly soft and tender.  It also comes with a really generous portion of ramen, the same kind sourced by Monta Ramen. At $5.95 it is a very good deal, based on the combination of taste, portion size and good culinary execution plus the hours and TLC dedicated to braising the chunks of beef brisket and tendons.  I can see this new Big Wong Beef Ramen as the new featured franchise item for the restaurant.
5-29-2011
------Version 1.0.1 Update------

Note:  They also have Japanese ramen noodles, which you can substitute for the odon noodles. It is not on the menu, but the manager told me it is available.

------Version 1.0.2 Update------
Big Wong still serves up solid and wholesome Chinese food, my many repeat visits are proof enough.  One of my favorite is the Steamed Chicken, Mushroom and Chinese Sausage. The congee is great, especially on days when I am not my usual ravenous world devouring self. 
12-1-2011 (Update reminder courtesy of Warren P)
------Version 1.0.2 Update------

Decor:  3/5  More attention was used in fitting the 68 seats in the restaurant than the overall look.

Food:  4/5  Now offering soups, appetizers, congee and even desserts!

Location:  4/5  Pretty convenient for those working, shopping or living near the Chinatown area.

Price:  5/5  $4.95 including tax is a good deal for a full meal.  They are definitely going for volume and not high margin per order.  Great for customers and I hope it works out for the restaurant.
This simple, no fuss restaurant has a very limited selection of entrees to select from.  You would think that since the selection is so limited, that they would do a good job with the food.  Unfortunately, that is not the case here.  We ordered wonton soup, curry chicken rice and deep fried chicken udon soup.  All the dishes were on the bland side.  No rave reviews here.  The only thing that it has going for it is the price.  The menu items are all about $5.00, but the dishes are not that big.  It's okay for lunch, but the portions are not big enough for supper.  The service was okay, it took a little while for the waitress to come take our order, but can't complain since she was the only one waiting on tables and taking care of the cash register.
Like most others who have written a review, I came here for their fabulous grand opening specials. Nothing really beats a meal and drink for one dollar. 

Would I go back to this place with their normal prices? Probably. 
Would I come back here often? Probably not. 

On my first visit I indulged and ordered two items. First off was the fried pork chop. It was disappointing to say the least. It was kind of bland and chewy. The sauce that accompanied it was pretty tasty though.The highlight of the dish was the perfecly cooked boiled egg that came with it, which provided for a nice surprise. The second item ordered was their wonton soup. This was actually quite good. The wontons were cooked well and the broth was good. It had nice flavor without being too salty. 

The second time going, I ordered their hainan chicken [which is served cold by the way, as it helps keep the chicken tender]. The chicken was mediocre. But how nice can cold steamed chicken really get? The rice that accompanies it is supposed to be 'seasoned.' I didn't taste much of a difference between that and their regular white rice though. I guess the highlight of the dish were the two sauces that come with. Mix em together, and you have a killer sauce which makes up for the rest of the dish. I'd probably order this dish again, just to get the sauce. 

All in all, the service is pretty good. I was surprised that everyone was being so friendly, considering the hectic days they must have had opening the restaurant. And the quickness of the food coming out was great as well. Their prices are pretty decent as well. There's nothing for more than five dollars, and all prices are tax included. 

So, if you want a cheap Chinese meal, definitely come here. And just a side note - if you go hungry, I'd avoid ordering the pork chop. The serving size is a lot smaller compared to the chicken. When I ordered the pork & wonton soup, I easily ate both [& I hate to admit it, because it makes me seem like a fatty, but I could've eaten more. =p]. However, the day I went and only ordered the chicken, I was completely content.
We first went to Big Wong during their opening week and their "Dollar Dining Days". We tried the fried chicken and the curry with Roti. Both were good, but little did we know that we weren't ordering the right items!?!?!

fast forward to tonight.....after we bailed from Ellis Island, we ended up here with Judd and Lynn to try their house speciality, Shrimp Wonton Soup, so we each got a bowl. what began as a quest to try the Shrimp Wonton Soup ended up being the three best bowls of Soup/Noodles I've had in town.

First for the shrimp wontons-clear broth, clean flavors, and the only place in town I know of that has ALL SHRIMP wontons, not combined with pork or any other fillers...WINNER!

Connie and Wai have got to be some of the nicest business owners in town. Very humble, always open to suggestions, comments and concerns that we were all chatting about, which leads Wai to have us be the FIRST ONES to try one of two upcoming ramen dishes next month.

First up, His Beef Ramen Bowl-Tender chunks of braised beef in a clean, flavorful broth over perfectly cooked ramen noodles**(THE PICTURE IS NOT THE USUAL SIZE....IT IS ABOUT 1 1/2 ORDERS SO WE ALL COULD SHARE SO NO ONE GETS CONFUSED)**ANOTHER WINNER!

Next, Wai brings us the most flavorful Shrimp Broth you'll EVER taste!
We stir some ramen noodles in, and yet another WINNER! Powerful shrimp taste with just the right amount of spice.

Seriously, if you really want a great bowl of ramen, forget Monta(yup, I said it) Wai knows what's up, and he stands by it 100%.


A UYE by Judd and Lynn is coming up soon, complete with some new menu items and special promotions, so keep an eye out for it. Thank you Connie and Wai, for great food and hospitality, and also to Judd and Lynn for  the menu suggestions. We'll definitely be back...ALOHA!!!
Big Wong is BIG on value. Though we missed the "Dollar Dining," we are very happy to have discovered this place. Luckily, my parents saved the flyer and after seeing the prices on their menu, we asked, "why not?" We went there this past Sunday evening and met the owners Wai (or was it Wayne?) and Connie and their "regulars" Judd and Lynn. Luck would have it, we are all avid cruisers. Woo Hoo...one can never have too few cruising buddies! 

Back to why we are here: the food. Big Wong's menu is limited to one page and some posted specials on the wall. After discussing the menu with Wai and Connie, their philosophy is to keep the menu simple and ensure their food is always consistent and at a reasonable price. Mission accomplished! 

I had the Hainan Chicken and my wife had the Curry Chicken. The flavoring of the Hainan style chicken was delicate and tender. You dip the chicken into the accompanying chili sauce or soy/sesame oil sauce. The included seasoned rice was fluffy and also delicately seasoned. The chicken curry was wonderful and included potatoes, however, I like a little more "kick" in my curry. Spiciness is such a subjective matter and I understand you cannot please everyone. Some people may just complain that it is too spicy. You can't subtract spiciness, but you can always add. Connie also brought a sample of their beef stew and let me tell you, the beef was so tender and delicious! Both of our portions are satisfying and don't let the price fool you. You definitely get your money's worth here! 

Looking forward to becoming regulars at Big Wong and try out their ramen and wontons.

Update 6/5/11-Since writing this review, we have been back two more times and today with my parents. I have had the Beef Ramen, Ribeye over Pasta, and my wife had the Shrimp Wontons twice. Big Wong's Beef Ramen is exquisite. They spend a lot of time preparing the bite-size chunks of beef and tendons by trimming out the fat and un-chewable membrane that you find in Chinese style beef stew. Every piece is satisfyingly tender. I asked Wai how is the broth prepared and he told me directly from the stew. Delicious and hearty. No MSG after taste here.

The wontons (immersed in a flavorful broth) are loaded with shrimp and no pork filler used here. The ribeye is also very tender and juicy (cooked medium) and comes with a pepper style gravy that you pour yourself and a sliced herbed potato.

6/17/11-Went to our first UYE here at Big Wongs. It was great to meet other Yelpers.

6/19/11-Wai has been telling me about his Dungeness Crab over rice noodles (horfun) special and I had to give it a try so we came back today. The fresh crab is steamed with ginger and served over the rice noodles with it's natural sweet crab juice. Simply delicious.
We couldn't resist Big Wong's Grand Opening special - Purchase $1 beverage and get your meal free!

We were concerned with how packed this place would be during their opening week, but we easily got a table with no wait.  Lucky us...the news was just spreading!

What surprised us most was the pleasant and welcoming reception we received when we walked in.  Yes, it may have had to do with the non-Asian face smiling at us as we walked in, but it definitely gave us a different impression of how our meal was going to be.

Getting our drink beverage orders out of the way, it was easy to decide amongst their 15 item menu.

I went for their Hoi Nam Chicken ($4.95).  They have three variations of it and I went for the Boneless Dark Meat version.  It was surprisingly moist and decent portioned.  Yes, I've had better and I've also had a lot worse (especially in Vegas) but it was decent.  The seasoned rice that accompanied it could be a bit more seasoned but it worked.

The Husband had their Shrimp Wonton Soup ($4.95).  This soup came with six generous all shrimp dumplings and some Chinese vegetables.  You have to give them credit for making it a very shrimpy dumpling with no filler.  

We didn't realize that their grand opening special was limited to one per person per visit, so we went ahead and ordered another beverage to score a couple more free entrees.

This time I went for the Curry Chicken with Roti Pancakes ($4.95).  I loved their version of the roti, not overly greasy and had a nice flaky texture and crunch.  The curry with chicken and potatoes had a good flavor too.

The Husband tried their Deep Fried Pork Chop ($4.95) and found it to be disappointing.  It wasn't quite what we expected and it was dried out.  Too bad about that one.  (Apparently you have to request crispy if you want it that way...but that's news to us!)

When it came time to pay, we then discovered that we were going to be charged for the second entrees.  Due to a waitress's mistake, they took it off the bill without any hassle, which is something we really appreciated.  They didn't even charge us for the second round of beverages, rather telling us to leave it for our server instead.  Now, you gotta love that! 

Overall, you can't complain for the price you're getting.  A decent size portion for less than five bucks, and that's including tax!  (I heard they are adding to their menu next week, so we'll see how that goes.)  A quick bite without the fuss - a simple and straight forward menu!

3.5 stars.
I also came here during their grand opening $1 specials and it was extremely busy, however I was surprised to see that the quality and presentation of their dishes did not suffer one bit. I have been back several times after their grand opening and I am still very much impressed! I have tried several of their menu items but a must have is their special wonton shrimp soup! However I think anything you try here is destined to make you a fan as you can taste a lot of love in their dishes. Second best is that they really thought about their customers' wallets...almost all items are under $5 which I think allows for more visits!
So there is no dude named Big Wong cookin in the back...

But they shoulda named it Big Right instead of Big Wrong, cuz they got the food right!
I had the beef ramen special;
Tender morsels of beef, tendon also available, broth very tasty, they have green onions as a condiment (cool) cuz I luv me some onyawns....
And for 5.95, it can't be beat!  Food came out in like 3 minutes...
If you're on the go for lunch, this is way better than any burger or subway!
This is an above average rice plate shop, so you have to have a good Chinese palate cuz there ain't any eggrolls here or sweet n sour pork.... Real deal stuff that some peeps may have never seen before... I mean nothing off the wall like intestines or pigs feet or  wax on the nipples, oooops thats a different movie...

Next on the menu is the Hoi Nam chickyy:
Served 3 ways, white, dark or 
dark w bone in, now that's a Chinese thang....

To be continued.... 

Da Wonger
I had to try this place not just because of it's absolutely hilarious name but because I'd heard it was super cheap eats.  Am a cheap eater?  No.  But was hoping this was that rare place that served good food at super low prices.  Basically, a place where they realizes their prices are too low but are too afraid to alienate their new customers.

Verdict?  Kind of.

Had the pork chop over rice and beef ramen.
1) Pork chop over rice - I'm told you have to ask for it crispy to get it...crispy.  Not sure why they do that.  I did not know this when ordering so was disappointed at the lack of...crispiness.  It was also underseasoned.  Definitely added a lot of salt to this bad boy.  Otherwise it was pretty good.  The egg that came with it had a nice, soft yolk in the middle.  My mom just learned how to cook the eggs that way and we both agree it's awesome.  Ask for this dish crispy and you won't be disappointed.
2) Beef ramen - Again....underseasoned.  But have to say this is some of the best beef I've had here in Las Vegas.  Nice and soft with a lot of flavor.  Just wish they added more salt or soy sauce to the soup base.  The noodles themselves aren't great - basically the ramen you'd get in most instant ramen.  Nothing like the ramen at Monta.  But the overall dish is pretty awesome.  Definitely a step below Monta but at half the price.  I could eat that beef with any dish and be happy.

Overall....a good option and happy they opened.  I can't say that about most of the Asian restaurants in town.  Most of what we have is a dime a dozen.  Big Wong stands out for quality for the price.
The little restaurant that could...can...will! Big Wong, located in the same plaza as the famous Monta and the equally famous Raku, is a breath of fresh air in Chinatown. The workers are so happy and welcoming to any customer that walks through the door, the food is prepared with bountiful ladles of love, and the prices are definitely budget-friendly. A perfect place to eat alone or with family and friends. 

The menu itself is small, with new menu items displayed on the walls. I noticed that there was only one vegetable dish: Fresh Vegetables in Oyster Sauce ($3.95), but I have a feeling if you have a hankering for something non-Oystery (?!?), they will be more than happy to whip something up for you that's not on the menu. 

I ordered one of the new menu items: the Fried Shrimp Wontons (10 for $4.95)- Large pieces of shrimp only lovingly wrapped in delicate wonton wrappers, and then deep fried to crunchy perfection. Served with a sweet & sour sauce. Delicious! I would order this again!

I also tried some of the Chicken Curry and Roti, which was yummy. The curry was spicy and full of hearty potatoes and quality chicken. The roti was both crispy and chewy, and was the perfect dipping tool for the curry. 

The atmosphere is casual. After you're done eating, you pay up front, so splitting the bill is quite easy. I'll be back!
Loved it! Parking was a little bit of a problem, I'm guessing due to raku and monta being in the same strip mall. I'm not sure how I could've missed the huge big wong sign before. 
We ordered a bunch of things to try - fried shrimp won tons, fried pork chops, beef curry, fried chicken w bones. Everything was $4.95-5.95 and I loved all of it. 
Service was fast and friendly, sodas (cans) were only $1. 
Shrimp won tons were light and crispy - basically what you get at dim sum. Filling was all fresh tasting chopped up shrimp, served w sweet chili sauce. 
Fried pork chop wasn't what I expected, but I still liked it. I thought it would be the usual Chinese style breaded and fried pork chop w a ton of fried garlic on the side. Instead it was more like pork chops dredged in flour and lightly pan fried. A little crispy on the edges and served with rice, a tea egg and delicious brown gravy on the side. 
Curry was good - lots of big chunks of super tender beef and tendon (which I picked out). The curry flavor was great and the heat kind of crept up on you. 
Fried chicken was crispy goodness, not much flavor on its own, but served with the same yummy gravy. I preferred to dip it in the sweet chili sauce. 
We left stuffed, with a $22 check and some leftovers. I kind of wish they had something sweet - milk tea or a small dessert, but its ok we went across the street to shuseki for honey toast! Can't wait to come back to try the ramen and udon.
I came for the " Little Big Trouble" UYE. 

The special was 2 for 1 Beef Ramen so I partnered up with Paolo to grab the deal. The whole thing was a cross of different kinda of soups- between a pho soup and oxtail soup with ramen noodles. The meat and tendon (you can ask with or without) was plentiful and tender so it was stewed long enough. Ramen noodles was quite a lot (more than Monta next door) and had good bite. Soup base was clear and clean broth, but that meant to me I needed to dress it up a bit with green onion, soy sauce, hot sauce to suit my taste. I was hungry since I didn't have lunch and this was super filling. 

Some people came at different times so we just kinda sat and hung out for hours. By the time people were trickling out the BF was there off work so it was dinner time. 

We shared-

Deep Fried Pork Chop (asked crispy)- Pretty good meat and I like the gravy sauce they give you and the soy boiled egg. 

Thin Sliced Ribeye- it was tender meat with a bit of fat on it so it's not for the lean beef sliced people. C'mon- it's ribeye. This also came with the gravy sauce and I think it went even better with the ribeye than the chop. 

Chicken curry w/ roti- the curry had good flavor and had a good sized piece of chicken (bone in) and potato. The roti was light, flaky and very hot so it's made to order. This was both my BF and my favorite and I will definitely grab this again. 

I had lunch here (about $3 for my half of the 2 for 1), dinner here and the BF had dinner here ($16 for 3 plates and 2 drinks).  I spent about $25 total with tax and tip....that's crazy! Food ranges from $4.95- $8max so its cheap and filling. 

The service here was friendly and good. We were checked on, water cups were filled often. We weren't rushed out even though we were there for hours on end and I really want to give a shoutout for the hospitality from Wai, Connie and staff! 

You cant beat the price for the quality nor the staff so I will be back.
Came to Big Wong for the "Big Trouble" event on June 17th, and i was greeted by the wonderful chef hubby & wife team as i walked through the door.  

The interior of the restaurant was bright and clean with tables spaced out evenly without an overcrowded feeling. 

The items on the menu all looked really tasty including Hainan chicken (with the choice of white or dark meat), fried chicken cutlet and udon, shrimp and wonton noodle soup (and it comes in a spicy version too!), fried wontons (it looks delish), chicken curry and roti (i ordered this one, i love roti!), and taiwanese beef noodle.

Most of all, can't really beat the price here, most items are only $5.95-7.80.  So you can easily sample a couple of items at the price tag of one in most other places.  Bottle and soft drinks are only $1.

I'll definitely recommend it to friends who's looking for a good bowl of noodle and wontons.
So I've been here 3 times and all three times, I've been impressed by food and service. 

They just started serving steamed Dungeness Crab! There was a picture posted on Yelp and I was like wait, what, Big Wong has crab?! I called and Connie confirmed they just started that special and they will have it for a couple of days. I immediately came in for dinner and it was glorious. Just steamed crab and placed on top of a bed of ho fun noodles, no seasoning, so you can taste the just out of the ocean flavor. The crab came cracked which made it much easier to enjoy. The sweet and bitter tomalley very good, especially with the juices/flavor all over the noodles. 

The shrimp soup with shrimp and wonton is really good too. The best shrimp soup I've ever had. It tastes like they took the heads of all the whole shrimp that they use, threw it in a pot and let all the tomalley, shrimpy flavors get all happy together. I really like ramen noodles because it is fresh and not dried. There is a different flavor and texture when it's not dried. I've moved passed Top Ramen.

Roti with Chicken Curry is a good starter. The roti is the kind you can get from the Asian supermarket frozen section and pan fry but the chicken curry is not something I can easily make in a jiffy. 

I also tried the Beef Ramen but I've been eating less beef so it wasn't stand out for me. 

The fried salt and pepper shrimp is good. The shrimp is not the largest but they do keep the heads on like Chinese restaurants should, so we literally ate the entire plate from shrimp head to tail.

The server/cashier FOH person, Connie, is super nice and she knows how to make you feel at home (in a Chinese restaurant). It's not fine dining but for a quick Chinese restaurant, you just need efficiency.
Came here for the buy one beef ramen, get the second free special with my boyfriend. We both got the beef ramen (of course) and an order of the fried shrimp wanton things. 
The beef was really tender and juicy, the noodles perfect. The broth wasn't really strong enough for me, but good. I would have liked more condiments to add to it, instead of just onions and chilli sauce.The fried shrimp wantons were DIVINE, though. Absolute love at first bite! 
The waitress was super sweet, taking her time to explain the menu to us, and always appearing whenever we needed something. The food was really inexpensive as well,  which I love.. Since I'm cheap.
Keep it simple.  That's what Big Wong is about!  Concentrate on doing a few dishes right and that's what I like.  =)  Overall their menu is only about 20ish items but really they are only various combinations of a base of 10 dishes?

- Hoi Nam Chicken - Basic braised chicken dish that is simple to make but not everyone can make tasty.  They got it right here.  The rice had a nice essence of chicken, the chicken was slightly salted and when paired with the sweet and tangy sauce of the side, it was quite scrumptious.
- Beef Stew - Oh comfort food.  This is it!  It had a slightly spicy kick with the sauce.  Even in warm weather, this was comforting.
- Veggies and Oyster Sauce - This dish was a little sub par.  Veggies were chopped to 2" chunks which left the fun out of eating our greens!
- Bonus:  Fried Shrimp Wonton - They served us these fresh out of the fryer!  Great shrimp flavor and happy surprise.

Conclusion:  Big Wong is a great place for simple dishes with good taste. 3.5 stars
Been here a few times already. Same friendly waitress! Which is rare for a chinese restaurant. great prices!! its cheap and good. Im a fan of the curry chicken and beef ramen.  Their wontons have no meat in it, its 100% shrimp.
This is 2 updates in 1....We came with a craving for the special Srimp Soup and on top of that we also got some ribeye courtesy of Wai...:)

A couple of weeks later, we're back for Judd's UYE and the Beef Ramen and Salt and Pepper Shrimp are a big hit! Good Times, Great food, Awesome service, and awesome people! Thanks again Judd, Lynn, and the team at Big Wong!

Definitely returning to try the Dungeness Crab dish....ALOHA!!!
Food is decent and cheap. Try the tea boiled egg, a true unique eat.

salt and peppered fried Chicken wings are a must try they come out piping hot to the core so be careful!
Mmm good food from this family run business. Got in there for a UYE with me but my "date" (see pics, haha thanks Judd and Lynn) wasn't hungry so I ate her shrimp wonton soup. Full of flavor with no filler (ie. bok choy and char siu bits). Then I followed it up by demolishing my beef ramen. Great if you're in the area looking for Asian food. Just solid, hearty helpings with their selection ranging from Malaysian chicken curry with roti to your straight, no chaser Chinese food. However don't know if I'll trek all the way from the border of Henderson (which is where I live) to visit. I enjoyed my time there with the Yelp crew, Judd, Lynn and the owners as they were incredibly gracious and generous hosts with the TWO FOR 1 ramen bowl deal!! Yee!
This place is inexpensive and totally the best place for a family and quick meal...

1.  Location and Parking - Very easy.

2.  Hours - They open at 10:00 am.How great is that

3.  Food - Here we go...

a.  Hoi Nam Gai Fan or Hainanese Chicken Rice - I love this stuff. I can eat so much of it.  How places do you know have this here in Vegas?

b.  Beef Noodles - Brooth is awesome. The meat is just like in San Francisco, the Brisket and tendons cooked to a very tender style.

c.  Rib Eye and Rice - Flavorful and tender.

d.  Curry Beef and rice - Again, they use the braised brisket of beef.  This is so tasty!

4.  Decor - Just fine for 5.00 meals.

5.  You gotta go. Divert from the fast food places and come here. This is so cheap and good it is ridiculous.

IT Rocks.
Came back for a UYE and had an awesome dinner once again, this time I tried the salt and pepper shrimp woohoo. A favorite is still the Big Wong Special Shrimp Soup and ramen. Every time I return I pay close attention to their newest additions displayed on neon colored posters always looking for my next favorite.  Their pricing is also among the best in Chinatown. They now have dessert like almond pudding and rotti with condense milk.
Another great visit - same great food at dirt cheap prices. This time we tried curry chicken w rice, pork chops again, crab w noodles, chicken wings and beef noodle soup. I think I liked the chicken curry better than the beef because it had potatoes. 

It was $16 for the whole crab, and was pretty good but I wouldn't get it again. It was a steamed crab served over flat rice noodles with a soy ginger dipping sauce on the side. The crab itself was kind of small and the head was emptied, which is a shame since the best part is mixing rice into whatever juice is in the crabs head. 

Chicken wings were as delicious as they look -  crunchy, slight heat from the jalapenos. I'm thinking it has a lot of msg, which is fine w me. It was prepared basically how salt and pepper pork chops are in Chinese restaurants. 

I was a little disappointed in the noodle soup. The brisket was great just like in the curry - fork tender and full of flavor. Noodles were good, but the broth was pretty bland. I just tried some of my friends, but its probably good if you add siracha hot sauce and soy sauce. 

They've added the specials written on the wall to their menu, which is a huge help. Another positive is that they have fun soft drinks! We had Welch's grape soda and Sunkist orange soda! Can't go wrong with that.
Although we were not too impressed with the food the first time we came here, we thought we would give this place another try after reading all the good reviews about it.  Well, I can officially say that I am a fan now. What a difference a couple months make as their dishes are now so flavourful and delicious.  We ordered the beef ramen (Japanese ramen with Chinese style beef stew combo), curry beef over rice and stir fried ong choy. The beef ramen came with quite a lot of stewed beef and tendons and a very generous portion of ramen.  For lunch and $5.95 this was more than enough to fill the tummy.  The broth was quite tasty and the stewed beef was very tender. The curry beef was also very good with just the right amount of curry spice for me.  There wasn't quite enough curry sauce for the big bowl of rice though.  I had to ask for a little more sauce to finish up my rice. The stir fried ong choy with shrimp paste was okay for me.  It could have been a little more flavorful, but not bad for the price of $4.95.  Great food with dirt cheap prices!!  I will definitely be back to try their other dishes.  

I took one star away because I had to ask for more curry sauce and the customer sat behind me did the same for his wonton noodle soup.
Since last visit, I have sampled:

chicken curry- w/ roti;  good solid yellow curry, I prefer more heat myslef, but it's good for the masses... roti is served Chinese see-tyle, like a pancake....ask if you want more crispy, they will fry it longer.....
BIG portion! I barely finished it and had food coma later.

fried porkchop- thinly fried filets of pork, with a special gravy for dipping...had to get extra gravy cuz i poured it all over the rice, yummmm.
if you want more pizazzzzz, ask them to make it with the salt n pepper batter...that's how Wai makes it for himself....

as always, friendly service, i feel more like friends or family.... we always talk about food or New York or whatever.....

for any new readers, this place is solid and the prices can't be beat.....there is no other joint like this in town, at least with a variety menu like this.....

so come and try it....you'll like it

if it's not Big Wong then it can't be right....

C
The restaurant itself is clean and comfortable. There were't any other patrons while we were there, so the service was quick and attentive.

Most of the dishes are extremely cheap. We had some chicken wings that tasted great. It's definitely fun to be able to choose a few different dishes to eat as opposed to the one or two you'd be limited to at most other restaurants where the prices are higher. 

Overall a fun place to have a bite of cheap tasty food.
Shrimp Won Tons- This is one of the best things I've ever eaten for both taste and value. You get 10 for $4.95. They were perfectly cooked and the shrimp was succulent.

Stir-fried Bok Choy- You get a huge order which is too much to finish and they were a tad too greasy. A half order would be perfect.

Salt & Peper Chicken Wings- My boyfriend loved these. You get 10 for $4.95. 

Chicken Curry with Roti Pancakes- The curry, potatoes and pancakes were all yummy.

The waitress was wonderful, helpful and had a really happy positive attitude. Overall, we're defintely going back later this year when we're in Vegas again to try the Salt & Pepper Shrimp and the Shrimp Soup!
**Summary**
       - Flavor - The slow cooked beef in the beef ramen is definitely a head turner. Some of their other items are a bit hit or miss.
       - Value - You can't go wrong with most of the dishes being under $5. This place is, without a doubt, a good value
       - Decor - The inside is simple and reminds me a lot of the hole in the wall restaurants in cali. However, those places are also really good.
**Ordered**
       - $5.95 #15 Beef Ramen - Slow cooked fork tender beef brisket in ramen. The broth really has the flavor of the beef in it. This is a must try (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/1ZnVfS-qP19upP_fwOhZsA?select=_Ol_FjEJS3TDp11m7amNLQ).
       - $4.95 #21 Salt and Pepper Chicken Wings - The chicken was moist and delicious. I tend to like salty foods so this was perfectly seasoned for me (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/1ZnVfS-qP19upP_fwOhZsA?select=MOolbZ9HluooQUfoGXmCeQ).
       - $4.95 #2 Authentic Hoi Nam Chicken Over Special Seasoned Rice - The chicken comes with a soy based sauce and a chili sauce rather than the usual ginger and green onion sauce. The chicken was a little dry, but the sauce and rice were tasty (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/1ZnVfS-qP19upP_fwOhZsA?select=vLkVcA20AojLDusn38f2fA).
       - $4.95 #8 Authentic Curry Chicken Service with 3 Roti Pancakes - Chicken was a little dry and the potatoes were under cooked. The curry was OK, but the roti pancakes, if you don't mind a bit of oil, were spectacular. I'd order the pancakes alone if I could (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/1ZnVfS-qP19upP_fwOhZsA?select=Mrul8D6-5mwJ-26rna6d5w).
**Recommendations**
       - I'd recommend this place for a cheap meal. The beef ramen is probably one of the best I've had.
The dishes I picked are so-so. The beef ramen is pretty good though. 

Hanoi Chicken - really dry. I wonder why they don't have the ginger and green onion sauce....The flavored rice is decent. 

Salt and Pepper Chicken Wings - kinda salty. I think there are a lot of MSG since I sorta got a headache after lunch. 

The food's really cheap so I guess three stars will do.
A small menu but every item is a gem. The waitress explained every dish. We had chicken curry , beef curry, special rice, a roti pancake, beef ramen, salt and pepper chicken wings, and shrimp wonton soup. Delicious and very reasonably priced.
Certainly can't beat the price, the curry that came with the roti canai was wonderful.  Wife had the soup udon and loved it!  Can't wait to go back and try other items.
I went back again and had to review.

They have expanded the menu, and usually this makes me worry, but they are doing it right.

I tried the Ribeye Steak Special, a thick cut choice ribeye, with rice, and one side (I went with baby bok choy).  All for only $9.95!!!

The food is amazing, the staff is friendly, and the prices are insanely cheap, if you haven't been here yet, you're missing out.
I have been here twice and was not disappointed either times.

My favorite has to be the curry chicken with roti (pancakes).  The chicken in the curry is oh-so tender. Take a piece of that chicken, put it on a piece of the warm fluffy crispy roti, dip that into the curry...yum yum yum.  The curry has so much flavor.

The Hoi Nam chicken with rice, on the other hand, was a tad bit dry.  The rice was delicious though.  Maybe because we got the white meat??? Either way, I will give dark meat a try next time.

Pork Chop over rice...the main star for us, however, is the egg.  How did  the chef got the yolk of the hard boiled egg to be soft and fluffy beats me...it was definitely interesting in the good way.  The pork chop tasted good with that gravy that accompanied it.

Beef ramen was actually tasty.  I am not a big fan of beef, but I thought it was season nicely, with tender tendon and beef brisket.  There was a lot of noodles in there too.  We got really full.

I have to say though, the staff are super friendly.  My cup was always half full :)

and I must also mention that the prices are cheap...
Bing wong you're a song you make me want to roll my tummy down and munch!!!

Thats how much I love big wong! Its simple no nonsense cheap food who bring a delight to your tummy and absolute bliss to those hainanese chicken rice.

Having eaten hainanese chicken rice in London, Los Angeles, Singapore and Jakarta, I can honestly says that they have one of those great one that remind you of home. 

Thank you las vegas for having big wong and if you ever in las vegas and would like to try some extraorinary cuisine that will not make a hole in your pocket. Get your ass in here. Order some fried wonton, followed with number 2. OH YEAH!!!
I wanna thank Monta for having a long line of wait.. Because of you, I found this little gem inside the plaza, and I couldn't be happier. :)

Our first reaction after glancing at the menu was, "WHY IS IT SO CHEAP?!" most of the items on the menu ranged from $4.95-6.95. Yes, $5 lunch! You don't have to go to mcdonalds for cheap meal anymore. 

We ordered:
-beef ramen: it tasted like ramen in oxtail soup. The server asked if we don't tendon in the soup. Of course we said yes! Generous portion. 
-deep fried pork chop over rice: think of pork cutlet without all the crispy batter. The sauce that comes with it is so good! It also comes with hardboiled egg on the side.
-salt and pepper shrimp: need I say more?

What made it a true 5 star restaurant was the service. A male server greeted us and sat us in the corner right underneath the a/c because the restaurant is a little warm. He was very attentive and constantly checking up on us. In my bfs words: "I feel like I'm at a fine dining restaurant!"

My new favorite Chinese place to go. Can't wait until I bring all my friends here! :)
I had been itching to try this place because of all the raving reviews on the great prices Bing Wong has to offer. 

My friend and I came here Monday during our lunch break from CSN. Perfect prices for starving college students. To our surprise the interior of the place was really nice and clean. My friend was expecting something iffy inside since the windows were all black on the outside. Right when we walk in, a man sitting at a table points to tables that are apparently hit with the air conditioned well. Then our waitress asks for our drinks, when she came back she immediately asked if we were ready to order. Since we were both first timers we asked for more time to look over the menu. She left as soon as we answered and then she literally walked to the cash register and came right back to ask us if we were ready to order for the second time. This was kind of irritating especially since the gap she gave us was practically 30 seconds. None the less we ordered. I ordered the rib eye over pasta, while my friend ordered the curry beef. The orders came pretty fast, which was good since we were both hungry. However the food wasn't as pleasing as we had hoped. 

steak over pasta- no special char on the steak, which makes me think it was cooked on a regular skillet (similar to how my parents would cook it in the kitchen) and then the pasta was angel hairwith some sauce on the side. We both expected some type of asian noodles rather than angel hair, oh well . The sauce did give the dish a little flavor but overall it was still kinda bland. This dish was okay, I don't think I would order it again. 

curry beef- the color of the beef was brown while were expecting a mustard color.  None the less there was still faint taste of curry. It wasn't as strong as we like. Yet again another dish I don't think I would order again. 

Although the prices are extremely cheap, I don't know if I recommend anyone else to come here. But I always do like to give places with great reviews a second chance and I probably will since it's so cheap. I mean what do I have to lose, right?
Their menu prices are pretty excellent. You probably won't even believe it. Dishes are MOSTLY $4.95 with a select few that are slightly higher, but the majority is $4.95. Talk about a bargain.

I really like their salt and pepper pork chops (spicy, though) and their beef ramen ($5.95) was a pretty big portion (I anticipated something smaller).

I'll always be coming back here and eventually I'll try most of their menu :).
OK, my second update is because I have found myself craving Big Wong's Hainan Chicken twice in the last 3 days. The first time was while we were at an Eastside Asian restaurant where the Hainan Chicken was $18/half $25/whole and I thought to myself, "Man, for this kind of money I could be up to my neck in Hainan Chicken at Big Wong!" And the second time was just now. Talk about slow simmer, it's been a couple months since I've eaten there and I want to go back. 

"You don't know what you got till it's gone." - Cinderella (1988)

I will do my best to campaign for Big Wong to be on our Mr. Tofu Circle Of Frequent Eats (I just made that up, we don't actually have an official Mr. Tofu Circle Of Frequent Eats, but it sounds cool - like a Disneyland ride.) I am happy that Big Wong exists. The value is undeniable. It will be my next solo meal mission for sure!
4.5 stars rounded up.  I adore the ppl that work here.  Forgive me if I misspell their names, but Wei and Huyen are just so wonderful and friendly.  More importantly, they had no qualms about recommending other types of restaurants.  It just shows that they're genuine ppl.  Wei definitely pays attention to every detail of his restaurant.  Even the bathroom was spotless.  I saw him take his lunch with a couple of customers that looked to be regulars.  This is a very down to earth place.  As for the food, I thought it was good.  I had the beef ramen.  I was given plenty meat, and when I was running low on broth, Huyen brought over more broth.  I had some left over, and she packed it up for me and included extra broth.  Incredible customer service.  My fiancee ordered the Hainanese chicken and salt baked shrimp.  I thought both dishes were good.  The chicken itself was not very flavorful though.  I know that it is simply poached, but I've had it before where it was more gingery.  Wei mentioned that he was vamping the menu soon to include new dishes and some desserts.  I can't wait to come back and see what he has to offer!
I have been to the Big Wong ,twice and both times the food was pretty good. 
          The first time I had the Hainan chicken and the shrimp won tons with ramen  The hainan chicken and the dipping sauce was  solid and the rice was flavorful. 
          Shrimp won ton ramen was tasty, the won tons had whole pieces of shrimp inside. I know some people rave about this but I prefer a  minced shrimp filling with water chestnuts , green onions etc.  The broth was clear and flavorful , the ramen was cooked perfectly.       
         
            My second trip ordered the crispy pork chop, but got the crispy chicken instead, no problem I can adapt. The problem was the chicken lacked flavor and the dipping sauce was the pan drippings and was not very good.   I also had the beef curry  with rice and no tendons,  ,glad they asked  if I wanted tendon's given choice I rather eat meat then tendons.  I'll eat tendons if I'm still hungry and its the only thing left on my plate.
             The beef curry was very good and more then made up for the crispy chicken.  I rate the food a very solid  3 stars and with the great service and super value it gets another star . Big Wong you get a 4 star review , thank you I will be back!!
Its a little awkward telling someone you just ate at Big Wong....

"You just ate a big.....what?" HA HA HA

Cheap Chinese Food doesn't have a positive ring to it. But this place is all about good food, good prices, good quality. Most Chinese restaurants are overly greasy and leave you with a less than satisfactory taste of MSG. But you'll leave Big Wong's with a full tummy and they won't put a dent in your bank account.

Right next door to Monta, they're not there to have a ramen battle. Their ramen is NOT Japanese style; its a cross between pho & oxtail soup with ramen noodles thrown in. But there's so much variety, be sure to try the rest of the menu--99% of it is $4.95. So don't be cheap and order a few different dishes. A few suggestions: crispy shrimp wontons, salt & pepper wings, & the chicken curry.

Happy NOM-ing.

TIP: Call ahead! They do take-out and they use quality containers, not those cheesy chinese-y boxes.
Went here in response to the article in the weekly and was not disappointed. We were greeted with a friendly smile and our server was one of the sweetest people I have ever met, she was just wonderful! On to the food: beef ramen, spicy shrimp and wonton ramen, Chinese broccoli in oyster sauce, salt and pepper fried pork chop, chicken wings , the boiled chicken( we chose the dark meat) with rice and two dipping sauces ( forget what it was called)  and garlic bok choy. Yes we were hungry, and ended up taking half of it home. Everything was delicious, not one complaint about the experience as a whole. We will definitely be back .
First of all, I commend the owners for opening a restaurant next to both Raku and Monta, highly rated and well loved restaurants.  In a move I was almost ashamed to make steps from Monta, I got the beef ramen.  It was as good as I've had anywhere.  The broth was delicious and the slow cooked beef was tender and delicious.  It was the first time I had beef tendon and I was pleasantly surprised.  We also got the curry dish with pancakes and that was very good as well.  Most of the dishes are around $5 and are very generous portions.

We were there when they were not busy and the staff was super friendly and helpful to us picking out dishes.  We enjoyed everything we ordered and even discovered a delicious type of chili sauce that they have on the tables that I have since purchased and use at home.

There was not much fault in our experience, but I have to mention that it smelled pretty bad in the dining room the night we were there.  Not joking, the restrooms smelled better than the dining room.  My wife wanted to walk out right away the smell was so strong.  Get that figured out and I'll go back.
Coming from NY , have had trouble finding a good Chinese restaurant...Big Wong is fabulous...Have tried most everything on the menu and have not been disappointed!!
Limited menu, but good cheap eats with most dishes $6 or less.

+ Curry chicken was a large portion of tender chunks of chicken and potatoes in a delicious curry sauce with a bit of heat. Came with white rice
+ Food came out quickly. Probably waited less than 10 minutes.
+ Wasn't busy when I stopped by around noon on a Monday.
+ Clean interior
I have been back more times than I can count, and the food is always top notch. 

Recently I have been on a Ramen fix, their Beef Ramen is some of the best I've ever had, they serve up a big bowl, the broth is rich, they aren't skimpy with the beef, and you can get tendon if you like. (I'm not a tendon fan but it was pretty decent.) And it's under $6!

They also have a steak special that is Under $10, the steak is good (cooked on a flat top so it's a little different) and the sides are fresh (the baby bok choi is amazing)!

Also they've been serving up a mango pudding, I don't know if it's on the menu officially yet, but it's really good, and I'm sure they'll serve up an order for you if you want.

I have to go back to try the Soy Sauce Chicken and the other new Chicken Special.

The staff is friendly and the price is cheap, it's hard to beat Big Wong.

you know I'll be back
MAKE A RUN FOR IT! Ran through my head as I walked into Big Wong today. The parking lot was full and when I walked in, the restaurant was eerily empty. That would be enough for me to turn around and show myself out, but I remembered how good the food was the last time. Instead of turning heel, I sat in the corner table upfront. 10 minutes pass, no one came in. I really had this place to myself. Out comes my beef ramen with tendon and I questioned why it was dead at 4:30 on a Thursday. 

The beef was plentiful, tender, juicy, large chunks. The tendon were melt in your mouth good. There were double takes to make sure I was not devouring colossal pieces of fat. The noodles had more of a chew than my tendons. Take that as a compliment, because there is nothing worst than over cooked noodles. These had the perfect bite. The broth is simple and flavorful. Sriracha and green onions are the condiments provided and that was enough flavor to get me to pick up the bowl and slurp down every last drop. I ended my meal with a mango pudding. The bits of mango floating within was a nice touch.

Now let me go all Rachel Ray on everybody; Beef Ramen $5.95, Mango Pudding $1.25, and tip=$10. That is a meal that is easy on the wallet.

The waitress is very soft spoken and meek. With that being said, she was extremely nice, very unlike other Chinese restaurants.
Cheap, quick, and solid Chinese food off the strip.  

The Mom and Pop restaurant houses a relatively simple space that serves a variety of rice, noodle, and soup dishes.  

Prices are great with everything under $10 and the orders come out fast.  Appears popular with the Chinese speaking crowd. 

Beef Ramen - several reviews mention this so we had to order.  In reality, it's just Chinese beef noodle soup but using ramen noodles.  Perhaps an attempt by the owners to capitalize on the ramen craze. Overall, broth was clear and tasty but not as flavorful as most top ramen places in California or NYC.   Beef pieces were very tender and the tendons were melt in your mouth. 

Hainan Chicken - tender boneless dark chicken meat.  Had to ask for the minced garlic.  Overall found the dish a bit muted in flavor but better with the sauces. 

Baby bok choy - stir fried in wok.  Standard fare.  

Salt and pepper chicken wings - delicious.  Nice slices of pepper.  Perfectly deep fried. Good stuff. 

Overall we had a good meal.  Big Wong isn't in the league of any joint in SF, LA, Vancouver or NYC but for Vegas, it's a nice find.  Their soy sauce chicken looks fantastic...maybe next time. 

Big Wong accepts credit cards but not Amex.
Finally made it to this restaurant and it soooo good!  And cheap!  Try the steamed chicken with mushrooms, chinese sausage, and broccoli.  Extremely tasty.  

We also tried the baby bok choy, chicken curry roti, steamed chicken, beef curry, and salt and pepper wings.  All that for $26!  We couldn't eat all the food and have leftovers for dinner tomorrow.  You really can't beat it.  I could probably eat three plates of the chicken curry roti, if left to my own devices.

No alcohol, but some folks in the back were doing BYOB.
I came here by myself for a quick lunch the other day.  I ordered nothing but their house special ~ Beef ramen.  Everything was fine except this time it wasn't as tasty as the 1st time I had it.  I saw more new menu items on the wall.  And yes, they are serving congee now but only one kind, can't remember what kind though.  If you like eating dirt cheap and authentic Chinese comfort food.  Come here!!
This place quickly became a new favorite. $4.95 for a hearty, authentic meal that fills me up?! I'm there! 

Already tried a few dishes: the beef ramen $5.95, the pork chop with udon $4.95, 2 different chicken and rice dishes $4.95 ea., steak and rice dish $4.95... the chef is more than willing to adjust a dish to your needs (for example, I order everything extra spicy. He doesn't just throw in hot sauce either, he actually cooks the broth spicy!). 

There is a great selection on the menu... rice, noodles, soups, curries, vegetables, etc. A daily special is listed on the wall. 

Their ramen and udon noodle soups are FANTASTIC; however, they are missing vegetables. It's just noodles and broth with meat in the bowl or on the side. They do provide a metal container of green onions to add to the soup, but I think the dishes would be 5 stars if they had more substance (onions, cabbage, bamboo, etc..) However, if you don't like vegetables, this place is definitely for you!

So in a nutshell... great food, decent service (authentic Chinese-style), unbeatable prices, and dishes come out quickly. I most certainly recommend it!
Finally got to try this place after months of reading the reviews and dreaming of a big bowl of shrimp wonton soup. It was well worth the wait. The wontons were delicious, the broth was a little spicy, which I loved, and the ramen was perfectly cooked. Pricing was more than reasonable and I left very sated.
A few of us stopped in after the Elite event at PJ Clarke's, ready for some serious econo eats. I couldn't decide between the Ribeye Plate or Shrimp Wontons with Ramen, so I got 'em both, and they were hella good as always!

Connie and Wai were hospitable as always, and were even nice enough to send out some fried shrimp wontons to our table. Good food and good times with good people....ALOHA!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(84/365) " Serious Econo Eats"
We went here for the first time after the Elite Event at PJ Clarke's with a bunch of other Yelpers.  The predominant thought running through my head after looking at this menu was "Why the hell did it take me so long to come here??".

Super cheap prices!  You could spend more and get far less at any fast food restaurant.  I got the Hai Nam chicken and my wife for the shrimp soup with udon.  Both were very tasty and filling.  We finished up our meal splitting an almond jello dessert for a whopping bill of $11.20.

Great, friendly service too.  The staff knew a lot of the guys in the group by name.  The owner came in to say hello and gave us a few plates of shrimp wonton appetizers on the house.  There were so many other dishes that looked great.  A lot of people in the group doubled up on entrees since they were so cheap and I look forward to trying more of the menu.  Consider me a Big Wong believer!!
3 stars for the food, 4 stars for the price, 1 star for the service. Ambiance? Well, it's a classic 'cheap eats, hole-in-the-wall joint', so nuff said. Read about the place in an old Las Vegas Weekly mag and put it on the list of 'places to try'. My guy was hungry for beef ramen, so we had beef ramen, hoi nam chicken with special rice, and salt n pepper chicken wings. The beef ramen was tasty but um... it tasted like pho. The broth had that distinct 'anise' flavor that adding 'five spice' brings. Our first tip off should have been when our chubby waitress said "you want tendons with that?" (we did). If you want your ramen to taste like pho, this is the place. The hoi nam chicken came with special rice and 2 sauces. The rice and sauces made the poached chicken very yummy. The star was the salt n pepper chicken wings. I would go back for them wings and for anything else they serve 'salt n pepper'  style. That was the winner! Our 3 orders set us back about $15, less than a drink at a hi-style restaurant on the Strip, so no complaints about the price. The service was a joke. The chubby waitress with the pony tail and glasses was/is the quintessential inefficient wait help: slow to come over and take your order, slow in bringing the check, all the while acting flustered like she is overwhelmed (the place doesn't have a zillion tables). The party next to us finally got tired of waiting for their check so they just left money on the table and walked out, the chubby waitress barely took notice... guess she figured they left money, so why rush over. How's that for slow service?
I've certainly had better noodles and food.  The restaurant is a mixture of Chinese with some Malaysian and Japanese thrown in.  The chef is Chinese but I think he really needs to be careful but his seasoning of his food especially the noodle soups.  The soup was bland.  Salt and pepper chicken wings were good, and so was the chicken curry with the roti.  The Hainanese Chicken rice was just OK.  The chicken was over cooked.  I must say it's cheap but the food had better be good too in order for the people to keep flocking here.
Wow.. This place is amazing. My boyfriend and I order Deep fried chicken udon soup and it was so good. The server were so friendly and the food was so cheap!
Big Wong's Special Shrimp Soup with Wontons(ALL shrimp, no fillers) and Ramen Noodles has got to be the best bowl of soup and noodles available in Chinatown, possibly even in all of Las Vegas....flavorful broth and perfectly cooked ramen noodles each time I get it. Perfect, especially in this chilly weather!

No other bowl of noodles compare, IMHO.....Taiwan Deli? Nope. Pho Kim Long? Not even close. Monta? try again. Ichiza? No way. Haven't  tried Bejing Noodle Cafe yet, but Big Wong has my vote...

Even more awesome is that Wai was nice enough to go ahead and SUPER SIZE our bowls, doubling up on everything!!!! Salt and Pepper Shrimp was perfection as well. Connie told us about the new Dessert Roti, and right away, we got two orders because neither of  us was gonna share our dessert!

Soft, warm, and the perfect amount of sweetness with condensed milk drizzled on top with a light sprinkling of powdered sugar. a nice sweet ending to a meal. Even sweeter is that they are just a dollar each!

Thanks again Connie and  Wai for such great food, and even greater hospitality.....ALOHA!!!
First time dining @ Big Wong Restaurant tonight.  Found this place thanks to Yelp. 

Ordered the following items:
- curry chicken w/ 3 roti pancakes (curry was flavorful, but it's small dish with about 3 pieces of chicken & 2 potatoes)
- house special shrimp wonton with ramen soup (came with 5 shrimp wontons; loved the broth - just the right taste to my liking, wasn't too salty; did not skimp on the ramen)
- special deep fried chicken over rice (chicken was fried just right.. really juicy and really liked how it was boneless.. however we weren't not crazy about the sauce it came with. We just dipped our chicken in the curry from the prior dish.)

Our meal with an order of 2 sodas came to just over $16.00! What a deal! Our server (who may be one of the owners) was pretty friendly as well. Not an extensive selection of items on the menu, but we are still looking forward to our next visit & trying different items. 

So if you're looking for cheap eats, this is the place!
We had a party of 10. The server was so nice and very knowledgeable. The food was very delicious and afforable. We had no problems with our food. Everything was so good. My favorite dish was deep fried shrimp wonton (it is so crispy and juicy), fried chicken wings and the $1.00 dessert roti (it is so addicting). I will come back to this place in the future.
Big wong, so right!

Loved loved the beef/tendon "ramen".  It was the clear kind and the broth was sooo good.  The noodles are true to the ramen name.  Chewy, delicious, but more the kind you find in japanese noodles, not hong kong/chinese style beef stew.  

The rest of the items were good but if you come, come for the beef stew ramen for sure.
Most of dishes come with rice are $4.95 all day! Curry chicken is really good. Soy sauce chicken is good for two people($6.95) but you need to pay $0.75 for a bowl of rice. It is my favorite! Sweetened pancake is good too, only $1/each. Love this place, good service, good food and good price. Their bathroom is nice and clean too!
Was craving for some taiwanese beef noodles and found this place listed as one of them since ay chung went out of business.  We went in and there were only a few customers in there, but oh well we went pretty early on a weekday (about 6pm). The prices are the lowest for chinese food I have seen in the LV area. We ordered  a curry chicken pancake as appetizer, beef noodles, and wonton noodles. Of course we were way too greedy, we couldn't finish everything for the 2 of us (not to mention my husband also a mango pudding for dessert).  Everything taste great and the prices are too good to be true. The only disappointment is my husband wanted some taiwanese beef stew noodles and the one from big wong is not quite it (even though it tastes good).  The owners are very friendly and attentive. Big wong is a must go place if you want some cheap HK style food.
Hmm I'm trying to think of what to write or where I should start.... Big Wong was absolutely amazing! My bf and I ordered salt and pepper chicken wings and pork chops. It was all together so juicy. The chicken wings were so plump, well seasoned, not at all oily not dry, and it was so crispy. Once u take the first bite the juices start running down. My bf ordered the beef ramen with tendon. It was a fish comparable to Monta soy broth noodles. The also ordered the ong choy sautéed with garlic. Very good!!! Lastly to top off dinner we ordered the lychee and almond pudding. Mmm tastes like a creamy marzipan!!! Needless to say we were very impressed and this is definitely my type soul food!!
First thing: They just have really darkly tinted windows, but hop right in! They're open!
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commitment to fresh and good-quality ingredients, low-priced meals, nice plastic containers (New York style), and most dishes for only five dollars with tax included wins Big Wong's five stars.

I  first came during their dollar extravaganza days, tried their chicken roti, hoi nam chicken, beef ramen, wonton soup, and have since those days gone back about three different times. They do most things quite well, and probably do most things best in Las Vegas.

They are a café different from KJ's Kitchen, Wendy's Café and U&Me Café. Different doesn't mean better. Different just means different. 

I enjoyed their salt and pepper chicken wings. I heard from the owner that his recipe is 25-30 years old. The skin is very crispy, and the chili slices add much flavor to the skin. But to be fair, how can you go wrong with chicken wings and salt and pepper?

My favorite dish is the curry chicken roti. The day that I went, they ran out of curry chicken, but they let me do the beef curry and just pay $1.50 more for extra roti. It was so delicious! The curry is not too thin or thick, just the right texture for you to dip your roti. The chicken is tender and moist, even beneath the curry.

Another notable offering they have is the fried wonton. The shrimp inside was so juicy, the skin outside was so crisp, and everything just worked so well together with the tangy sauce. 

The hoi nam chicken can come on the bone or deboned with dark meat or white meat, so it's up to you to choose. We got dark meat on the bone, but have also tried boneless. It comes with no extra sauce. The rice is pretty good. I'd have to say that my favorite Hainan (Hoi Nam) chicken rice is still from Savoy in Alhambra, CA. However, in Las Vegas, this is a pretty good version. U&Me Café also has an okay version.

Definitely, when you're done with your meal, order their mango or almond jello. I have tried both. The jellos are extravagance in a cup. There's real fruit inside of the jello cup, and it looks so simple, but if you really think about it, the flavor pairings are simply culinary genius: real longan inside of almond jello. Mm... yum!

My favorite thing about Big Wong's is that the chef really prides himself in not compromising in quality for quantity. He provides both those things. 

Service is great. Connie is very quick to take your order, and quick to deliver your food. I believe another waitress, Winnie, is also there and she helps to run food as well.

This place is great for large groups, couples, or for a quick solo lunch. Prices are so affordable, that I can go back again and again without my wallet hurting, unlike its surrounding restaurants.
Chicken curry roti and beef curry over rice were delicious. Also recommend the almond pudding with lychee.
Super cheap and relatively large portions.  Overall, a good place to grab a quick bite to eat for lunch or dinner.  none of the dishes were mind blowing, but definitely better than some of the other places located by China Town...
ordered curry chicken with roti, salt and pepper chicken wing and almond pudding.
everything taste good.
service is excellent. 
you must try the almond pudding. it's really good.
I had a late lunch with my husband and 5-yr old son at Big Wong. We read a review in Seven magazine and had to try the crispy shrimp wontons. The wontons were exactly as described - light, crispy, and very flavorful. I had the special deep fried chicken over rice. Very good. My son had the special shrimp wonton soup and Mr. Picky-eater scarfed most of it down. We brought the leftovers home & he just finished off the last of it. My husband had the beef ramen and salt & pepper chicken wings. He proclaimed it all delicious. We split the fresh vegetables in oyster sauce and I have to say, they were perfectly steamed with just the right amount of oyster sauce, not swimming in it. Lastly, I topped it off with the almond pudding. Heavenly with a nice amount of lychees mixed in. 2 appetizers, 3 substantial main courses, 1 side dish enough for all three of us, and dessert came in right at $30. Anywhere else would have run us $50-$70.

The restaurant was small, but very clean and they keep the kitchen open to view, and it was very evident the owners take a lot of pride in keeping things clean and hygienic. The ladies restroom was a pleasant surprise. Very well appointed and very clean. Usually, restrooms in most restaurants can be a bit scary. I say if the owners put this much attention on cleanliness and quality in their restrooms, an area often overlooked by other eating establishments, then they must put even more emphasis on cleanliness in the kitchen and the quality of the food. In this case, I'm right. All through the meal, I heard the chef (owner?) directing the cooks with cautions on not to overcook this, oversteam that, etc... It is clear they take a lot of pride in their business and are committed to delivering quality at prices that are extremely easy on the wallet. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
It's definitely a good place to get Chinese food in CHEAP PRICE. You can get big portion of Hainam chicken rice for $5, and Hong Kong style milk tea for just a dollar. Nowhere can beat their price! Reason I only gave it 3 stars?? I am a foodie and I care about how food tastes more than its price. Their food comes in big portion but flavor is okay. "Dungeness crab over rice noodles" only serves by order in advance. You have to call in the morning and place order in advance. Then restaurant staff will buy fresh crab from market and do preparation before you come in. I gave it 3.5 stars in my opinion.
The noodles were bland. I ordered the noodles with steak and my friend ordered the curry noodles.  Both were bland.  The prices were good and the service was friendly but this place was not worth going back to especially since it's in the same shopping square as Monta.
today i went to try their steam crab with flat rice noodle and curry beef. I needed to order the crab dish when I woke up. Then they went to a chinese super market to buy the fresh one for you. when I arrived, they show me the raw crab. I waited about 20mins. When it came, it looks so fresh, i felt the crab' soul was still there and begging me not to eat it, but i did eat it. Taste very good. The curry beef was not bad but i felt that it missed something. i didnt know what it missed, dont ask me. I perfer u and me cafe's curry. and the dishes are very cheap. so it worth to try.
this place is awesome.  the food tastes great, the prices are reasonable, and the owners are friendly.  my personal favorite is the salt and pepper chicken wings and the fried chicken ramen.  i have eaten the beef ramen, steam chicken, chicken curry, shrimp won ton ramen, ribs in black bean sauce, crispy shrimp won ton, and choy sum.  ALL tastes great.
I love wontons and have searched the world over for great wontons. I have hit all the top wonton cities: Hong Kong, Shenzhen, Vancouver, L.A., S.F. and found some of the best shrimp wontons at The Big Wong in Vegas, who knew??? Wonton lovers, you won't be disappointed. :D  

We also tried their fried pork chops served with a freshly made sauce,  excellent and their Roti (a sweet fried crepe Thai dessert) was to die for.

Owners were very friendly, prices very fair. Overall, this will be one of my favorite Vegas eats.
First off I wish you could give half stars.This was a solid 3and a half stars for me. Went last night with the hubby around 10:30 pm (they close at 11pm) there were two tables of customers one of which the owner was sitting at. She got up quickly and welcomed us in. We ordered several dishes to share. Beef ramen, shrimp wonton soup(no noodles), salt and pepper chicken wings and fried shrimp wontons.The order of fried wontons came out in less than 5 minutes! they were all shrimp and delicious but just a tad bit greasy. Beef ramen and wonton soup came next. Hubby started to eat the ramen and I could tell after two bites he was so not into it. My wonton soup was great..filled with tender all shrimp wontons nice greens and a very soothing broth. I said lets switch. He gladly gave me the big bowl of ramen( have to say the portion for 4.95 is quite large) The noodles were okay(not overcooked which for me would be a huge sin for ramen) the beef was tender but fatty and the broth..eww just not for us. Then came the chicken wings just in time to save the day! OMG! So delicious! Perfectly crispy skin and amazingly juicy with just the right amount of spice. Would go again just for the wings! The chef and owner came by to ask how everything was and noticed right away the still full bowl of ramen and asked what was wrong. We told them the noodles were good and beef was okay ..the broth just not to our taste. They explained to us they use plain broth in their ramen (not seasoned and no msg). We said no problem three out of four is not bad . We were soon finished and got the check. I was a little surprised they didn't take the ramen off the bill but I didn't feel that bad cause it was only 4.95. But having been a small business owner myself..I would have instantly taken it off the bill. Nonetheless I think they might get a second visit from me. Three out of four dishes being good and the prices being so affordable..I am eager to try more dishes especially the whole dungeness crab.
I very late with this review, but better late than never. We shared chicken curry with roti, salt and pepper wings, and won ton soup. Tasty and cheap. Next time I'd order the curry with rice not because the roti was bad just because I missed the rice. Though, we came for dinner. I think this would be a great lunch spot.
I am so glad that I gave Big Wong a second chance because the first time I came during opening week I was NOT a fan.  In fact, I was shocked that this restaurant was getting such rave reviews.  Perhaps I had come on a bad day.  Perhaps I ordered the wrong dishes.  Anyways, I decided to give it another try because I was craving Ramen and the wait at Monta was ridiculous.  And I am now grateful that Monta was so busy because I am a converted fan.  My husband and in-laws ordered the Beef Ramen with tendons.  The broth was so delicious, the tender beef was plentiful, as was the tendons.  Just a perfect bowl of soup on a cold winter night.  

I had plans to order the Ramen also, but when I saw the "Special shrimp soup with wontons" advertised on the wall- I just could not resist.  The broth was just bursting with shrimpyness.  My husband didn't  like it for that exact reason, but I was swooning.  It must have taken a lot of shrimp heads to pack that much flavor into that bowl.  I usually never ever finish my bowls of soup, but I just could not stop eating it.  I was already full, but thought it would be such a shame to let this deliciousness go to waste.  

Thank you Monta for being so crowded because Big Wong has found a new loyal fan in me.  Even my VERY Chinese in-laws who we literally had just picked up from the airport after a long flight from Hong Kong gave it 2 thumbs up.  And trust me, that is no easy feat.
Cheap decent eats. I've had a few things there that were quite good and a few things that were mediocre, but the food is so cheap that I could pick and choose on the menu and be satisfied. I'd have to say that I did like the special curry beef. Dark, Indian like curry sauce. The menu indicates that it is spicy, but I was disappointed with its heat level. The salt and pepper chicken wings and the shrimp wontons were excellent, but I think this  place definitely needs to improve their dipping sauces. I think they handed me some Sysco generic sweet and sour sauce with my wontons, and it ruined them. Like I said, it's decent, but I wasn't "wowed" or anything.
I admit that I was a little skeptical when I saw the hole in the wall environment and plastic utensils. But then the food came, and I just kept ordering more. The Hoi Nam chicken rice was authentic and delicious. The curry beef over rice was wonderful. I ordered and enjoyed every dessert on the menu. Oh and then the price: $5 for an entree and $1.25 for dessert. I'm very picky with my Asian food, and this place exceeded my expectations in so many ways. Highly recommended!
Cheap eats, friendly service, and tasty Chinese food! Highlights include fried shrimp wontons, curry brisket with tendons (ngau lam), and mango pudding. Definitely will be going back!
Great shrimp wontons!  Even better with some noodles in the bowl.  Salt and pepper chicken wings are spicy, crispy, salty, and oh so wonderful with the bowl of soup.  Almond pudding is the better of the two puddings I think.  For $4.95, it's a great meal.  Hurry before this secret is out of the bag and prices are raised!
A great casual dining find!  Not too far off of the strip and worth jumping over for a quick bite of Chinese food.  Steamed chicken and seasoned rice is delicious and healthy. Curry over rice was good. Chrispy won tons were very good.  They have daily specials. Can't wait to go back and try other dishes on my next trip!
The beef ramen was so good... and quite the value! Definitey will go back to try the rest of the menu.
Did you know that a medium-sized bowl of wonton noodle soup will set you back $18 and a bowl of udon soup costs $22 on the Vegas strip?  If you are like me and find those prices outrageous for very average tasting food, then head a couple miles to Big Wong's on Spring Mountain Road!

Everything is under $10, with most items under $6.

I enjoyed a late lunch with my family here & we ordered a couple Shrimp wonton noodle soups, one spicy shrimp wonton soup, the salt & pepper chicken, the salt & pepper shrimp, chicken curry roti, and the hainan boneless chicken with seasoned rice.  The food was excellent all around but the broth in the spicy shrimp soup was the best I've had in a long time!  

One thing to note - the roti bread that comes with the chicken curry is not the typical South Asian variety you find at an Indian restaurant.  Rather, it is a flaky sesame "bing" (Chinese pancake) - the type you can buy frozen from the Asian market for $1.  Still very good, just FYI.

Next time, I'm going to try the soy sauce chicken. The table next to ours ordered it just before we finished our meal and it looked delicious!
I haven't been back to Big Wong's since their grand opening. I finally made my way back last night in need of some cheap eats and I'm sad I haven't been back sooner. 

We ordered the curry chicken with roti, beef ramen and sweet roti for dessert. They have a much more extensive menu than before and they also have daily specials that look delightful. All the food is still incredibly cheap for the portions and quality, which you just can't argue with. I enjoyed this visit quite a bit more than our first visit and I'm already craving some more of their cheap eats. 

There aren't many places that you can have a sit down meal, including dessert and a drink for under $14 and still leave satisfied. Sometimes good prices makes food just taste that much better.
All my favorites have gone away. Anna's Garden. Noodle Palace! Then the girlfriend took me to this place. Wow. It reminds me of Big Wong's in NYC that we went to when we were slepping around from Boston to NYC.

The place is in a crappy shopping center but the food is great. It's cheap and good. The restrooms are clean as heck. The staff very friendly. No, you white folks, no need to worry about rude asian servers here. Yes, I get them too. I hate when they throw my food at me. I intend to try every dish that they have. Took my coworkers here and they loved it too. So maybe they will help with the business. I hate to see another good place go down the tubes in this economy.

So what do they serve besides a friendly, non-pretentious atmosphere? Well for starters, the walls do have a lot of stuff on them, menu items, like a lot of other Chinese restaurants. But wait! They are written in English unlike the ones that will remain nameless here, Anna's Garden, Noodle Palace, KJ's Kitchen. Oh the waitress speaks great English too btw. My Chinese is bad so I'll keep a lid on it.

My friend really liked their pancake and curry chicken (roti pancake). It's more like nan bread then a waffle or whatever pancakes are made of. I hate pancakes so I cannot relate.

I have had their wonton without the noodles and it's really good. I think all their noodle dishes are good and tasty. Most items are less than $5 so you might was well eat here versus spending it on a Big Mac. Spend it on a Big Wong instead.
The crispy, juicy fried chicken that I ordered was perfection! It took quite a bit of a wait and I was super hungry at the time, but once I got my food I forgot all about the hunger and just dove in. The service was great. I happen to visit on a busy day (even though it was around 2pm) but there was no problem tending to my needs. I also ordered their chicken wings to go. Their almond pudding with lychee was a refreshing break from the oily food I just consumed. 

I don't know if they changed the minimum amount of $10 for those paying with a card, but I honestly find it inconvenient for me since I never carry cash and use my debit to pay for everything. So I was somewhat "forced" to order more that I wanted. *shrugs* I guess I shouldn't be surprised since most places have that $10 minimum =/

Other than that, this place is great. Everything was affordable, which is a good thing for a college student like myself.
The price will probably be the reason that you will be willing to try this place, probably like so many lost souls that have sauntered away from the Monta-Mania you will stumble upon this establishment and a few others that have sprouted around the Monta Phenomenon. The first thing that will catch your attention will be the price, with each dish averaging around $5(tax is already incorporated in the price) you are probably asking yourself...is this a Kid's meal? Will the food be good? What the heck, all I've got to lose is 5 bucks...so why am I hesitant to give it a try? & tried we did (Monta was packed & the wait was long & i was hungry!) The Star of our dinner was definitely the fried chicken, definitely worth the 18 minute wait! The beef ramen was ok, the fried pork chop was ok, would've been better if it was golden brown & not pale, I loved the plain udon soup, salt & pepper shrimp ok, Mango pudding ok...roti with chicken curry ok...in short, this place is AVERAGE, not super great but not bad at all as well. It is a retry decent meal considering the price. I would probably come back here, but as far as craving it, not really. This would be PERFECT though to have blind dates because what if "You are just not that into her/him?" at least you did not spend that much! (be sure to bring your own set of utensils though and your own glass!) they only have plastic spoons & forks etc.  and styropore cups???? Tsk, Tsk, Tsk... hey beggars can't be choosers!
Must have their chicken wings!  And the salt & pepper shrimp are yummy.  I'm looking forward to the pork chops next time...
I love this place! Food is good, service is good and prices are.... gooder! I always get the shrimp wonton soup, the salt and pepper shrimp, and the steamed fish. All that for less than twenty bucks. The only problem is that they use plastic utensils and serve the tea in styrofoam cups, (kind of hard to keep my pinky up) it reminds me that I'm not paying enough, but other than that, nothings Wong with Big, Next time you're in the neighborhood make sure to stop by and try this place. You probably have enough to eat here with the change under the seat of your car, just don't look for it while you're driving......hospital food is not as good.
great food, great price....just takes a while to wait for service....
First time tried out this place after it's been a very long time since my friends told me about it. This restaurant is very small and simple but the food was so good and the price was better like $4.95/dish included tax already! Everyone was very nice. I'll definitely be back soon.
Another Yelp home run! I read about Big Wong at work yesterday and just had to last night. I got home and the better-half was talkin' spaghetti and all I was thinking was Big Wong....... A guy has to be careful how he says that, doesn't he?

So I told my wife about this great little place I had read about on yelp and she jumped right on the Big Wong band wagon.

Great food! Great Service! Great price! The chicken curry with roti (mine) was incredible. The wife got the ribeye special which she enjoyed, but she enjoyed my curry even more. She went with the ribeye because the simplicity (Not a bad thing.) of the menu kinda intimidated her. We're used to fried rice, sweet and sour pork and chow mien on the menus where we normally eat. None of that at Big Wong. We also got the salt and pepper wings(Yum!) and an order of fried shrimp wontons(Yum Yum!). At 5 duckets for the wontons you are easily talking about the best app in Las Vegas.

We finished off with a mango pudding and a sweet roti. I wouldn't do the pudding again, but wow was that roti a treat.

The question is not whether I will go back but when will I go back. That the restaurant sits in between our home and where my son goes to high school, I can envision attaining "regular" status.
What a disappointment!  With all the great things said about this place by people's whose reviews I respect, I thought it would be better than it was.  I just barely give 3 stars.  I was contemplating two and a half.

I was greeted promptly on arrival and asked if I was getting take out or eating in.  The woman told me to sit anywhere I wanted because I was eating in and she gave me their small menu.  I had seen several people rave about the curry chicken with roti so that's what I ordered.  In a short time, the cook brought out a bowl of curry chicken and a plate with three very hot, fresh roti.  

The curry chicken was good but it would be better named curry potato with chicken and roti.  I had two large chunks of potato, one large cube of chicken (smaller that either of the two potato pieces), while the rest was curry sauce with some chicken shreds.  The curry was tasty and the roti were very good.

As I waited for my dinner to be brought, I noticed on their wall--which has a lot of homemade signs for new dishes--that the curry chicken was listed under appetizers.  No wonder the price is only $4.95.  No wonder the portion is much less than a curry chicken you'd get in a Thai restaurant, and for $4.95 I wasn't expecting that.

I was going to order something else, perhaps some ramen or just a pudding for dessert.  There were two customers including myself in this small place that has a maximum capacity of 68 people.  All the time I waited for my order and ate, the woman was on the phone--not taking orders--but chatting.  If she wasn't on the phone, she was putting business cards in a plastic holder in a notebook and she was engrossed with that task rather than all two of her customers--the other who ordered directly from the cook and had no interaction with the woman.

After waiting approximately five minutes for her to get off the phone or at least look my way so I could get her attention, I got up to leave.  I approached the counter and she told whomever was on the phone to hold, she took, my money, gave me change, and went back to her telephone.

I don't think I'll return.  If it's like this when they're two people there, what would it be like when they're busy--say ten people.  It's just not worth it.  And as for dessert, I drove up Spring Mountain Road and stopped at McDonald's and had a McFlurry!  Better than her pudding I'd be willing to wager even sight unseen!
Not your usual Americanized Chinese food. Very good, authentic, Asian food.
Folks, Big Wong is now batting 4th in this line up.

$4.95 OUT THE DOOR for their chicken and rice that is literally enough for 2 meals and is all cooked healthy, LOCK that sh*t up!

This is a masterpiece of a Restaurant. Food is always out quick. The employees are nice and speak good English. One lady actually had an east coast/Asian accent which I found just awesome.

I had some pita bread thing with curry sauce that was great.
FREE hot tea the entire experience.

I thought I was going to get some garbage food for a cute little hangover; NOPE.

I couldn't believe the price for such lean good food. 

The ONLY reason I didn't give it 5 stars was a bad odor in the joint. It could have been the area but I', not sure, just being safe with my rating.
My husband generally doesn't like much Asian food, but he will actually ASK to go here.  We've been here at least a 1/2 dozen times in the last 8 months and are always very happy with the food quality and service.  Best dishes are by far the Chicken Curry with Roti, Rib eye over noodles, and the fried pork with rice.  The beef ramen (with cartilage/tendons) is gelatinous and delicious as well.  The meat is always tender and the sauces are light but flavorful.

We were there the day the chef came up with the Sweetened Roti and we have to get it every time.  It's amazing.  We ate there last night, but I want to go back now just writing about it...
Visited this place in March when vacation in Las Vegas!  Wow what a surprise?  I was a little concerned when the hainan chicken is only priced at $4.95!  What can they offer you for this price?  Everything is at least double the price here in San Francisco!  And they even have choice of white meat, dark meat with & without bones.  I struggled a bit & still decide to order the hainan chicken.  My husband ordered curry! We were both surprised & satisfied!  The hainan chicken's "rice" is really good & yummy too!  The meal portion is big.  Never expected, and price & taste way exceed our expectation!  Already told all my friends who travel to LV that this is a must visit restaurant.  For my 4 days visit in March, I visited this place twice!  And the service here was excellent too!
So I originally wanted to go to the ramen place in the same plaza, but the wait was so atrociously long we decided to just hit up Big Wong. Did a quick yelping and saw that the beef ramen was supposed to be good and since I was already in the fixing for ramen anyways I decided to give it a shot.

It was at best...mediocre. The broth had an average taste with nothing unique about it, however, the beef was very fatty and not enjoyable to eat. Next time I will definately choose to wait for the other ramen joint rather than be impatient.
I loved this place!

Its ironic because its right next to Roku, a highly rated Japanese restaurant where I was at a few weeks ago. The bill being more than $100 at Roku, the bill was 23 dollars tonight at Big Wong, and I would have preferred this meal if they were the same price.

I got the Beef Ramen, the Chicken Curry and Roti, Salt and Pepper Pork, and Hai Nan Chicken. The Beef Ramen was really tasty and I would recommend it, especially being only 6 dollars. The Chicken Curry and Roti was really good, even though there wasn't a lot of curry. The Hai Nan chicken was also pretty good, and the Salt and Pepper Pork was just average, but for 23 dollars for the whole thing, it was extremely worth it.

The service was good. Our waitress was very friendly. However, I came an hour before closing time so there was only 3 parties total, on a Saturday night.

In short, establishments like this is why I love Yelp. It helps you discover family-owned holes in the wall where great tasting food at low costs are possible.
My brother was in town and wanted to get a quick lunch before I had to go into work. Wanted to go into Monta but it was 11 and they weren't open yet, so we stopped in at the Big Wong.

Beef Ramen - for 5 you can get a bowl of ramen (same noodles as used at Monta) and it comes with big chunks of beef. They'll ask you for tendons too and I don't remember if they charge you extra, but I don't think so. Came with chili oil, scallions, and siracha on the side. It was good, and it's exactly what you expect to get, ramen and beef. Great flavor and the broth was well seasoned.
This has to be on every list for best cheap eats!

Fast friendly service.  Nice and clean.  This place serves Chinese and Malaysian cuisine.  They have a simple menu with super cheap prices.  Noodle and rice with different entrees.  

I tell you what I really appreciated, was the fact that the waitress was able to help me understand the menu.  Usually, when I go to an asian restaurant for the first time I am mostly confused and the waitress usually can't help you.  I was super hungry and  I asked if these were full size dishes because the prices were so cheap.  She explained everything.  She sold me on a house special.

The dish had rice, a side of something like spinach, Chinese sausage and a bowl of chicken and shitake mushrooms.  This was a house special for $5.95 and it was a hearty meal.  The chicken was silky tender in a nice broth.  The broth was a little fatty which some people may not like, but I like it. 

It was real simple and homemade tasting.  If you consider value and the quality of the food this place is amazing.  I would go back fo sho.
I was hoping to like this place. It showed a lot of promise when I first walked in as it looks like an unassuming spot and was pretty busy.

First thing I noticed are the prices are very affordable. I ordered the beef ramen after reading the reviews here. I was really disappointed when it arrived. The volume of food they give here is decent but the main disappointment is the overall blandness. There's no flavor profile in the soup, meat, or noodles.

The service was just ok. They might be spread a little too thin here since it took awhile to get my order in and for the food to come.

I don't think I'd come back here.
Solid place for a bite and value for dollar to boot. Clean place and attentive staff though a bit stretched if crowded.

I had the beef ramen and pepper chicken wings. What the ramen is not - authentic ramen preparation as found at Monta nor a complex stock as one expects from a Pho. What it is - a beefy broth with ramen noodles cooked to a nice al dente with lots of beef chunks (brisket type cubes.) While a great deal for the money my personal preference would be towards less beef and a softer cut - but I dare not ding them on my "opinion."

The wings were a real surprise. Thin crispy skin and juicy meat inside with a gentle heat that builds. A nice change from sauce laden buffalo wings.

In all a filling meal of fresh ingredients for about $10-11.
There is a difference between cheap food and good cheap food.  This is good cheap food in fact pretty great cheap food.  I can come here and we can get a meal with drinks and get out for under $20 with leftovers and stuffed!

I have tried a few things but love the Hainan Chicken (boiled chicken) with dipping sauce (sauce is a spicy chili and sriracha and a more mellow soy based sauce) and rice.  The rice they must add a broth or something to it because seriously I could just eat the rice it is that good!  The boiled chicken is healthy I just skip the skin.  We like to get the On Choy (a water spinach) with fermented bean curd (you can get it without the bean curd as well) very flavorful and good!  I have also had the wonton soup the pork udon soup and a few other things, however I keep coming back for the chicken.  My boyfriend says it is a comfort food for him and reminds him of growing up.  I don't think I could buy all the ingredients needed to make this for that cheap!  

The place is clean the staff is nice I believe it is family owned so they don't have a full staff so sometimes the service is slow but I don't mind that because I know it is a small business.  It is always clean and orderly. 

I always leave happy and full with money left in my pockets so I am a happy girl...
i still come here either once or twice every 2 weeks.  you just cant beat the taste and price! 

im still a big fan of their curry chicken and beef ramen.  I havent found another chinese place like their beef ramen!

I do notice that they do put up new items every now and then.  I havent gotten a chance to try them all.
Delicious. The shrimp wonton soup and salt & pepper fried wings are must eats!
Cheap good food. When you don't want the hassle of paying high prices at the strip... Great place to visit for FAST GOOD food when all you want to do is eat and then go straight to sleep after a crazy night out on the strip or working all day at the expo.. ..

Try the Soy sauce chicken*, Hainan Chicken w rice *, Beef Curry with roti, & beef ramen (decent)...
Just got back from Vegas, had the Curry Beef (they were out of chicken), Fried Porkchop Udon, Fried Chicken Udon, Fried Shrimp wonton as well as Shrimp Wonton in udon, desert we tried the Mango, almond and Roti (flaming Ice cream). This place had a strange smell when you enter, but got used to when you are in. The food was good and decent, it had a Japanese/chinese/hawaiian taste to it.. I know Udon is Japanes, but all of these other flavors confuses yet heighten your senses.  Overall it was food, a family of four cost around $40 and you were stuffed when you leave.. get in their early as they ran out of favorites fast.. the hamione Rice and chicken curry ran out when we arrived around 7pm
My GF and I ordered the shrimp wanton soup, beef curry over rice, and the #1 (i don't remember exactly what it was called but it had chicken with 2 sauces with rice) for ~18.

- The price of a McDonald's value meal, maybe less! Real cheap! around 5 bucks each. Good portion too! 
- A taste you can't complain about! kinda...haha
     - The soup comes with 8 wantons, which we ordered. If you opted for the noodles, then you get only 5. Needs more soup to compensate for all that wanton. 
     - The beef curry was my favorite. I highly recommend it! The beef is very tender. The waiter told me they bake it for 7-9 hours! Comes with lots of curry, so i needed more rice.
     - The #1 was alright. I loved the hot sauce, which was not too hot, but use it with the beef curry and it will be very satisfying.
- Great service! Maybe bc we were the only ones there, but the waitress and chef talked to us and gave recommendations. They even left the water container on the table for us :)!!!

^____^!
Ok, so...I gave it a second try before writing this review.  I would say that for the beef ramen...I love the noodles that they use it is really good.  Not much broth flavor but you can doctor it up with the condiments if they had the right kind...may be they will get some like what pho restaurants offers.  The beef is tasty and they will ask if you want tendons or not...cool...

Hainan chicken w rice...it was decent, sauce could be better.  Of course I am judging this with my experience from eating this famous dish in Thailand.  I will come here for this dish bc again I will not make it at home due to too much work, and I like that you can ask for white meat w/o extra charge.  I had Ong choy vegetables this was decent too.  Then we ended with sweet roti, it was ok.
  
2nd visit...

Good wonton soup, I would get this again.  Fish ball curry, well I guess I don't like Malaysian style curry I won't get any curry dishes since Malay is the base for their curry. Chicken wings, umm...really salty and not any other flavor...

I want to like this place.  The restuarant is really, really clean.  I think the lady owner has OCD in a good way, she spays and clean table right after customers leave...a BIG THUMBS UP!!!  They are really nice and courteous and the cook is constantly asking me what he can do to make this place better.  I told him the price is right so far, they will have more business if they can improve the flavor of the food.  Nevertheless, if you are hungry and want something fast to eat and not Mcdonald's...it's an alternative:)
Got the half soy sauce chicken here at a second visit for ~$7. Definitely a much better deal and much tastier than the first meal I got here (beef ramen). Get the soy sauce chicken!
This hidden gem rocks. 

We had the salt and pepper pork,  the beef ramen and the won-ton shrimp. All three were spectacular. 

The bill was under $20 which put a huge smile on my face. 

The server was busy but still found time to explain their dishes to us newbs.

I will def be back.
Good food Good service Good price
Can't go wrong with that
I have to figure that a lot people, like me, end up here because of lines at Monta and Raku.  Both great.  Big Wong makes it a trifecta and makes the center the best food shopping center in Chinatown.  The house special soup with udon is so addicting I went back twice in 3 days.
This place is so much more than just a funny name. Some unique dishes and flavors and at cheap, cheap prices. Almost all of their dishes are around the $5 mark. Ordered the #5 Special Deep Fried Chicken over Rice (Boneless) and the #12 House Special Shrimp Wonton Soup. The #5 was really good and I would definitely get again. The soup was not to my taste, it wasn't bad, just not something I would get again.
Service was very friendly, menu is simple and the place was very clean when I went to pick up my food.
Will have to go back sometime to try more dishes!
I have to say...so far THE best Hainan Chicken Rice I've ever eaten in the States!! Very authentic flavor!! Also reconmmend fish ball and shrimp wonton soup :)
I'll admit I'm biased since I'm walking distance to Seoul Plaza where this restaurant is located.

5-stars because the food's good with a wide variety of Chinese dishes, the prices cheap, the service friendly, and place clean (dining room, kitchen which is visible to diners, men's bathroom but I can't attest to the women's bathroom cleanliness).
This place never disappoints me. I love their food, it's simple and tasty. I came here with my siblings and our boyfriends. The waitress/co-worker sat us down. She gave us the menu and asked what we wanted to drink. I was craving some shrimp and I was debating whether I should get fried shrimp wonton or house special shrimp wonton soup in the end, I decided to get the fried shrimp wonton. The fried shrimp wonton comes with one big shrimp in each of the wonton wrapper. It was so delicious and had a lot of flavors. The serving was big, it comes with 10 pieces. 

I got to try some of the other food they serve in their menu. I had to taste the other shrimp-- house special shrimp wonton soup. The broth is tasty and not too salty. The wonton also has one big piece of shrimp in it. I also tried the curry beef over rice, it's very spicy but I can still tolerate it. The beef is tender and juicy. The curry has a lot of flavor, it taste different from what I had before but it's very good.  

How can I forget about the sweetened roti, this is one of my favorite dessert since I tried this. Roti is an Indian flat bread that is bake like a pizza, they put condense milk and powdered sugar on top of the flat bread. Yes, it's unhealthy but I don't usually order desert whenever I dine in to a restaurant.

Yes, I'm in love with this place.
I think I am addicted to Big Wong.  After moving to Vegas I was initially turned off by the silly name.  I didn't think that a restaurant named Big Wong would serve good food.  Boy was I wrong.  My friends went here and told me that the food was legit and the prices were amazing.  After finally giving it a taste, I came back 3 days in a row.  

Getting full off of a $5 meal?!?  ADDICTED!

Here are the dishes I tried:

1.  Thin rib eye over rice $4.95 - Thinly sliced rib eye is served with yummy dipping sauce.  The rice comes on a separate plate and comes with some steamed potato slices.  A great deal for rib eye!

2.  Steamed chicken, mushrooms, chinese sausage, and vegetables $5.95 - There are a lot of components to this dish that kept me from getting bored.  The chicken is served in a bowl of broth separately from the sausage, rice, and veggies.  Pour it over your rice to get some soupy chicken rice.  Gotta love the lop chong (spelling?) - 5th generation Chinese, I apologize.

3.  Hoi nam chicken (dark meat, boneless) $4.95 - Excellent!  Soft steamed chicken without any bones.  Comes with the yummy flavored rice and 2 dipping sauces.  A soy based sauce and a red spicy one.  

4.  Salt and pepper chicken wings $4.95 - I love the saltiness of this one.  Tiny jalepenos are sprinkled on top as well.  Great appetizer to share with the group.

5.  Salt and pepper pork $4.95 - Thin slices of pork deep fried and then sliced.  Very similar to the salt and pepper wings but a little less salty.  I prefer the chicken wings.

6.  Beef ramen $5.95 - Ok.  Cantonese style beef ramen with all the tendon and chunks that you can ask for.  Not my thang personally.

7.  Mango pudding $1.25 - So good!  A great way to end your super cheap meal, with a super cheap dessert!  Chunks of mango are actually in the cup too :D

8.  Sweet roti $1.25? - A thin roti or bread thingy with condensed milk, powdered sugar, and other sweet goodness on top.  Gotta try it at least once.

Other random tid-bits:
They always give you extra scallions in a metal tin.
Easy parking.
Cheap everything.  Tax is included in the price on the menu!
Mom and pop store.  The wife is the server and her husband is the chef.  He wears a giant chef hat too!

Definitely recommend to anyone who is in Vegas in search of some good cheap food!  Cheaper than Earl of Sandwich haha.
After numerous more visits to Big Wong, this place has grown on me.

The best things about this place are the variety, amazing pricing, and good food quality.

There are certain items that are tasty: thin rib eye over rice (best item hands down), hai nam chicken, soy sauce chicken, salt and pepper wings/pork, vegetables with oyster sauce, and any of the desserts (mango or almond pudding, or sweet roti).

To avoid: the beef ramen. People rave about this in reviews, but I think it's pretty bland. Probably better to go with something else.
Second time and Big Wong did not disappoint! my family tried the shrimp wonton with egg noodles, udon and Shrimp soup.  All were flavorful and excellent.
This time we had lunch so the chicken hamione Rice was avail and it was so good!!!

 THe only reason for not a full 5 stars.. we had the friend chicken wings and though they were good, they were way too salty... really really salty
Found this place on Yelp while in the Chinatown area.  Believe all the reviews and all the hype.  This place is the bomb.  Super cheap food and super great flavor.  I had the salt and pepper pork and some shrimp wontons.  The wontons were really light and crispy and ALL SHRIMP.  No Filler.  The pork was cooked to perfection and has the perfect amount of spice.  The guy next to me was eating the special shrimp wonton noodle soup which looked amazing.  I'm going to try that next time I go to Big Wong which will hopefully be soon!
I love love love Big Wong! This is hands down the best budget bite place in Vegas.

How can you go wrong with legit Hoi nam chicken for $4.95? You even get a choice of dark/white meat either boneless or not. Common, with all the high prices in vegas, this place definitely saves your wallet. 

The dish is served with season rice, spicy dipping sauce, soy sauce, and ginger (upon request). For an additional $0.75 you can get a nice steaming bowl of broth to go along with your meal. All this for under $6!

This sure beats out the $10+ meal i shell out for Pho at Pho Kim Long down the street. Can't wait to come back to try the other dishes.
On a Tuesday night, we ordered the salt and pepper pork, chicken curry over rice, rotti pancake, and almond pudding for 15.90.

- NO WONG!? FYI, it means good business or being prosperous. "big wong" is actually MISTA LEE. lol. good people :)
- Smells like raw eggs upon entering. goes away tho. you adapt the asian smell.
- No bone! easy eats for shovelers. pork chop cut in small pieces. 
- Chicken curry was great. comes with chopped potatoes. Not golden curry brand. where the carrots at tho?
- pancake tasted like a crepe! crispy! sweet! delicious! must get! 1.25! the price of a gum. BIG JUICE! probably less!
- Almond pudding was also a hit. 3 lychees tho. not bad.
- service is a bit slow. waterless for awhile. i get thirsty -___-. where my pork chop?
- Ms Lee takes pictures!
- So cheap! AYCE got nothin on this
Really enjoyed going here after my boyfriend recommended that we go there. Super friendly staff, delicious and cheap food. Everything we tried was amazing. You gotta try it out if for nothing else- its got a great name!!
I think I'm going to get here once a week.  I'm saying it now, the shrimp wontons are the best food deal in town.  A trendy food truck might charge a buck a piece but here at Big Wongs you get a plate full for 5 bucks.  I'm writing the update because of how friendly the owner is.  We had my girlfriend's son with us and he made sure to get the kid some chicken he would like and recommended us to try some very good things.  The shrimp wonton udon and beef curry were awesome.  We left, bellies full for around 20 bucks.  See ya soon Big Wong's!
After an exhausting weekend of alcoholic sins and gluttonous,late-night dining, my friends and I were looking for a simple, wallet-friendly meal before heading home.  Thanks to our trusty Yelp app, we fond Big Wong's and was impressed by the # of positive reviews for a place that has seemingly RIDICULOUSLY low prices!  I'm from the San Gabriel area so I'm accustomed to cheap food, but Big Wong's pricing is almost TGTBT and makes you question what ingredients they use....

However, 3 days after my meal, I have survived w/o any gastrointestinal isues and in fact, feel pretty good (thanks to my cheap meal @ Big Wong's!)

As for the venue itself, it is located in the heart of the Las Vegas "Chinatown" (but feels more like Westminster) area and is within a smal strip mall with numerous other asian-based restaurants and businesses (foot massage anyone?)  Once you enter Big Wong, you'll see a traditionally simple restaurant, clean, bare, and most likely somewhat empty.  However don't be offput by the lack of lines like at Marquee or XS, this is a good thing :)

The menu options are actually quite expansive, and include many many recognizable (and comfortable when you're tired/hungover) items.  I had the "thin ribeye with rice" dish that was okay in taste; a bit lean on the meat, heavy on the white rice, but my standard were so freaking low that I was still happy.  The sauce it comes with is a bit bland....so I wouldn't recommend this dish unless you are really looking to eat light.  

My companions tried the Hainan chicken, which was average..but my standards are based on Savoy's kitchen which has the best Hainan Chicken known to my existanec.  My other friend had a pho-like noodle dish that he said tasted good and it was pretty sizeable.  Finally, we all shared a portion of crispy chicken wings which I actually enjoyed! Not too oily or greasy, nice and flavorful with unidentifiable spices/seasonings.  

Every single item we ordered was $4.95 which INCLUDES TAX!!! OMFG deal of the century in las vegas (even better than the $6.99 steak and eggs @ Bills).  Total cost after tip

$23

VIVA LAS VEGAS AS AN ASIAN!!
It pains me to take away one star from this place, because I loved it so much the first 4 or 5 times. But this last visit was the reason.

The lady who works there was ALWAYS friendly to me. In fact, I remember her being warm and jovial. However, the last time we went, it was like she did a 180 and was a totally different person. She was curt, short, awkward, and borderline rude. In fact, I totally agree with Steven P's review of how she acted. 

If it wasn't for the first few times, I would probably also give a lower rating, perhaps 2 stars, based on this last interaction. But with my past experiences, and the fact that I want to give her the benefit of the doubt, I took away only one star with the intention to go back again. However, if service was anything like the last time, I would probably pick another spot in Chinatown to eat from now on.

To be continued...
**** TRY IT ALL ****

I have been here a dozen times (or more) and everything I have had has been great.

My Favorites, so far.......
Fried pork chop soup w/ udon
Chicken Curry
Fish Ball Soup
Hoi Nam Chicken w/ special seasoned rice
Salt & Pepper Wings
Chicken w/ Mushroom and Sausage
Beef Ramen
Mango Pudding

The restaurant is clean, the staff is friendly and the prices are amazing!
The Hainanese chicken was ok, but I'm very biased because I had REALLY good Hainanese chicken in Canada.  Wasn't too impressed with the soy sauce chicken.  The salt and pepper chicken wings were really good! That's what pulled it to 3 stars along with the lady taking my order was super nice!
Beef ramen, 6 bucks! Beef ramen, 6 clams! Beef ramen, seis dolares!  No matter how you say it, that's a great bowl of noodles with yummy broth and tender, juicy chunks of beef.  And don't be afraid of the tendons!

Big Wong kills again!
Decent cheap Chinese food. Everything is on the greasy side as they use lots of MSG.
This place is a bit of a hole in the wall, but well worth the visit.  Most everything on the menu is $4.95, including tax.  In my three visits here, I have tried the beef ramen, beef curry, chicken wings, salt and pepper pork chops, garlic chinese broccoli, mango pudding and almond pudding.  All were pretty good with the stand outs being the chicken wings and the almond pudding.  The chicken wings were crispy without being breaded and nicely spicy since it is served with hot peppers.  The almond pudding takes me back to growing up in Hawaii.  

Overall, the decor and ambiance would normally get a deduction of a point from me, but the LOW prices get extra credit earning the star back.
Very good..I loved the roti pancakes, the curry chicken and the lemon tea..It was amazing! Quiet little piece of Chinatown..
I finally got to try this place after having it bookmarked for forever. My husband and I wanted some cheap eats but didn't want standard fast food. Big Wong fit the bill.

When I saw the prices on the menu, I had to blink a few times to make sure my eyes weren't deceiving me. I ordered the Special Shrimp Wonton with Udon Soup and my husband got the Curry Chicken.  The waitress recommended the Salt and Pepper Chicken for an appetizer so we agreed. The food came out super fast. My husband enjoyed the Curry Chicken and had some leftover to take home. My soup was good. I enjoyed the seafood-y broth. I found some shrimp poop in a few of my shrimp so that was a little turn off. I just scraped it out and continued eating. The Salt and Pepper Chicken was also good but not the best I've had.

I gave this place 3 stars because the food was solid and good portioned. The waitress was a little short. When I asked if they had dungeness crab, she simply said no and walked away while I still had another question. I'm used to that type of service in Chinatown so that didn't bother me much. 

This place is good for cheap eats and satisfying your hunger but I don't think I'll be craving it much.
Oh wow!  Another gem I would never have thought to try had it not been for Yelp!

Great Asian food for - get this - $4 to $6 for pretty much everything on the menu.  I love me a smoking deal on great food.  We came here and got a smorgasbord of items because the prices allowed us to try so much:

- Chicken curry with Roti pancakes...my FAVORITE.  The curry was so flavorful and the Roti pancakes are my new obsession.
- Salt and Pepper Chicken Wings...my second favorite.  Really salty, but in a good way.
- Salt and Pepper Pork Ribs...not so great.  Really salty, but in a bad way.
- Steamed chicken with mushrooms and sausage.  Oh my goodness, the mushrooms in this were to die for.  The broth had really good flavor, and the chicken was so tender.

I also have to give some big props to our waitress.  She knew the menu extensively and even suggested we change some items in our order to avoid getting too much rice (hence the Roti pancakes).

Big Wong is Big Awesome.
Their prices are hard to beat (usually around the $4-8 range) and I like to come here to order food home from work :0).

What I usually like to ORDER:
(don't mind me; I love anything salt & pepper)

Salt & Pepper Pork Chops
Salt & Pepper Chicken Wings
Curry w/ 3 Roti Pancakes
Sweetened Roti Pancake $1 each

They have a lot of menu items posted on their walls, too. If you like them, I'd say come back a few times just to try their whole menu and see what you like best. They'll easily provide you with suggestions depending on what you're looking for.
The value is incredible. Big Wong delivers fresh, small portions that are priced right. I'm a huge fan of eating a lot of small dishes, so this was right up my alley. My wife and I shared the Beef Curry, Fried Pork Chop, Shrimp Won Tons, and Chinese Broccoli (sauteed Thai-style as per our waiter Paul's recommendation).

Speaking of Paul, he provided incredibly personalized service. His recommendations, friendliness, and attentiveness were top-notch. He refilled our hot tea (no charge, by the way) over and over again. I left this place feeling both frugal and fulfilled.
Great food at great value!!! Don't be fooled by the price. Service is what you would expect at most Chinese spots: friendly but inattentive. 

Seafood Udon - The dish looks simple but full of flavor. It was both sweet and savory. True seafood flavor. 

Chicken Rice - It was good but did not leave an impression. I guess I had this dish at too many other places that it is hard to stand out. 

Some food critics came in and just had the chicken wings. Gotto try that next time!
I come here a lot for chinese food. The owner is very friendly and will provide any suggestions, but everything on their menus is good! And the prices are very decent. 

I've tried majority of the menu, but I find myself almost always ordering the same thing these days, which is the deep fried chicken over rice. I haven't had anything bad to date. 

I will get the Shrimp Won Tons, sauteed veggies Thai style, deep friend chicken over rice, and sweetened roti pancakes, but take most of it home. 

I like their almond and mango pudding, but the mango is really sweet compared to their almond, which is expected, but be warned if you can't handle super sweet, stay away from the mango and go with the almond! The Sweetened Roti pancake is another good choice! It's only $1 while the pudding are $1.25 each. 

Basically would recommend anything and everything on the menu! As the prices are pretty cheap too, don't be afraid to make this a regular spot!
HOHO! Finally! I have found myself a little gem of a restaurant. Big Wong's is so cheap yet so delicious! My favorite dish thus far would have to be curry chicken. The curry has just a tiny bit of heat, and the chicken literally just falls apart (in the good way). Another favorite of my would be the fried pork chop rice, because it comes with this awesome awesome dipping sauce which tastes kinda like porky gravy. A great dessert item is the sweetened roti pancake which is only a dollar! (!!) It's a roti pancake covered in condensed milk and powered sugar ( along with rainbows and sunshine and all things delicious)
I tried the Salt N Pepper shrimp and was slightly fooled by the photos. I assumed the shrimp were peeled and that it was more of a battered shrimp. They were lightly battered with shells and half the shrimp were barely deveined. The peeling was to difficult so I just ate the shrimp less the tale. Needless to say I wasn't too impressed with the shrimp.
 I also ordered some of the Beef Ramen it tasted somewhat buttery with an after taste of what I can only describe as Vaseline intense care hand lotion. I know that sounds weird but I could barely eat it with the after taste it left me. 

The Curry Chicken Roti was probably my favorite thing that I ordered. Hot and flavorful! 

The staff here is wonderful and very courteous
Best of Asia, all in one restaurant.

The wifey, sister-in-law, and I came here during our last Vegas trip. We wanted to get away from the strip and eat some good and cheap food. This place really hit the spot. We ordered the Chicken Wings, House Seafood Noodle Soup, Curry w/ Roku, and Han-Nan Chicken. All I can say is damn. The Chicken Wings were freshly fried, hot and crispy on the outside and moist and tender on the inside. Well seasoned and packed with a lot of flavor. The house seafood soup was a very generous portion - loaded with fish, crab meat, tempura/oden/fish balls. Great chewy consistency on the noodles and served in a light seafood broth. The curry was tasty, loaded with spices, but I think the large chunks of potatoes took away from the meal. The Roku pancakes it was served with was a delicious dipping tool. Lastly, and probably my favorite, was the Han-Nan Chicken. Tender cuts of steamed chicken served with two dipping sauce and accompanied by the most tasty chicken broth rice I've ever had. The best part of this place is our total for 3 entrees and a side came out to be 18 dollars total. I will be back!

A little about my credentials:
I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italian Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of dishes. I never became a professional chef, but I continue to enjoy & love food. 9 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I have a new passion for traveling and trying different foods around the world.
Very cheap and nice food. My most favorite restaurant in Vegad
Cheap and delicious food for the poor college student. 

My boyfriend and I come here every so often and order the same appetizer, entree and dessert every single time. 

Appetizer: 10 piece fried shrimp wontons. These are quite addicting. Just like how you open up a box of Pringles or start munching on some microwavable popcorn and you cant stop? Yeah, that addicting. Each simple wonton has a huge piece of shrimp and are perfectly fried, accompanied by sweet and sour sauce.   

Entree: Just when we're about to order more shrimp wontons, our Thin Rib-eye over Pasta is sent to our table. For $4.95, this dish is absolute heaven, both for our bellies and our wallet. They don't skimp out on the meat and comes with a side of steamed potatoes. We like to pour the brown sauce (some type of beef broth thing) all over the plate to tie the rib-eye, pasta and potatoes together.  

Dessert: Sweet roti drizzled in condensed milk is the way to go! My boyfriend is lactose intolerant so I end up eating most of this myself. The almond pudding is also divine. So refreshing - it's the perfect end note to the meal. You can't go wrong with these two items for a grand total of $2.25. 

This place is located in a small strip mall with minimal decor and menu items handwritten on neon poster boards all over their walls. Don't judge a book by its cover, though. The food is seriously amazing for what you pay for. 

Oh yeah, if you end up ordering to-go or box up your leftovers, their to-go boxes are top notch and reusable. Fancy plastic to use again and again!
Got the Shrimp wonton w/ramen noodle. The portion was very good but, the soup has absolutely no flavor.  Disappointed as all the reviews said it was great.
Also Great:
Fried Chicken Soup
Beef Curry w/Rice
Steamed/Poached Fish w/Rice & Veggie
If you are looking for cheap, fast food this place is for you. If you are looking for friendly, attentive service you need to look else where. I've been here three times, since I generally go by the three strikes rule. Each time the food was consistently good, not delicious,  just good. As for service, you order and get your initial drink and you are quickly forgotten about. The waitress,  each time there has been one or two, always seemed stressed. I felt as if I  inconvenienced her by coming in and dare be a customer. Not matter if this place has good food at reasonable prices, I would never go back and be treated poorly for giving them my business.
It was excellent I have the special shrimp Ramen bowl. I really enjoyed especially since I have a sore throat now I feel full better and happy!
Great Chinese food!  It's like I went over to my uncles house and he cooked for me.  That is how amazing the food is here at Big wongs.  The street Beef noodles are great.  The beefy broth with the melt in your mouth meat is delicious.  Just the right hint of beef flavor, star anis and other great ingredients.  The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.  The rice was not too greasy and it had the right hint of ginger and chicken.  Fabulous!  Dip it in their 2 dipping sauces, and you have perfection on a plate.  The garlic braised chinese broccoli on sizzling plate was great also.  Cooked to perfection where it was crunchy and notes of garlic with each bite.  The chinese pancake (both savory and sweet) were both delicious.  Just the right amount of crunch without being too burnt.

Get this, the amazing part with all the food we ordered, it was under $20!!!  Great food at amazing prices.  How can you beat that?
Big Wong is located on Spring Mountain Rd. in the same shopping center as top competitors such as Monta and Raku. At first, I was hesitant to dine there because I thought it was going to be the same as most other Chinese restaurants. It took me several times passing by until I finally gave it a try and now, I dine there almost every week! (no joke!)

This place is AMAZING!

Granted, upon walking in, the establishment is not as nicely decorated as most other restaurants. BUT DON'T LET THE LACK OF INTERIOR DESIGN FOOL YOU!  The food here is delicious and the cheapest in town (NO TAX ! ) 

I always order their fried shrimp wonton ($4.95 .. 10-12 pieces) The wontons are served with sweet chili sauce. What makes them so good is the whole shrimp that is stuffed inside. They are also super, super crispy and delicious as appetizers.

I also suggest getting their beef ramen, or wonton soup. ($5.95) .. The broth they make is very sweet and flavorful. It isn't bland like other places. The portions they give you is also very considerate.

I also love their sizzling garlic sauteed vegetables. (only $6.95) They serve it on an iron plate that they bring out to you smoking and sizzling. Every time someone orders it, the whole restaurant smells like garlic! It is so delicious and perfect to eat with rice! You can also order it with thai chili which adds an amazing spice. The blend of garlic and chili is absolutely perfect.

The last thing I would definitely recommend is their Authentic Hai Nam Chicken. The rice that is served is cooked in chicken broth so you get the full flavor of chicken in every bite. The chicken itself (cut in pieces, either dark or white meat) is steamed in ginger and garlic. I love this plate! The aroma of the marinated chicken is so flavorful in your mouth. You get two different types of dipping sauce with the dish. A semi sweet soy sauce and an amazing semi sweet chili dipping sauce. Both of these sauces are great with the chicken!.. The portions are also very filling!

As for desserts, I would recommend their sweet Rotti ($1) .. It is pretty much a crispy fried tortilla with condense milk and powdered sugar. I was super surprised how delicious these 3 combinations taste together!I It is very simple but very tasty!
---

The only con I would give to BW is that they don't have a very extensive drink/ dessert menu. Just be prepared for can sodas and about only 3 selections of desserts. However, the entree selections are plentiful. 

Overall, if you haven't tried BW yet, you are missing out! My girlfriends and I always overindulge ourselves when eating there and every time, our bill is under $25 (we always go with 3 or more ppl!)
Decide to give this place a try since the line outside Monta Ramen went crazy long and it was not all that anymore.

The Chicken rice is alright, their porridge was good, big portion and tasted legit.

The high light must be their beef ramen.  The soup is not as bold but since they put different type of spices in it, thats why it is not as bold taste as others but it is definitely good.  The ramen was a bit letdown since i wish they can use thicker noodle but for the price, I am not complaining

Their shrimp wonton is good!!  All shrimp wonton in a bowl for $4.95. Crazy.  I wish we have similiar quality wonton in LA but the last good one shut down years ago.

I think if they can let me beef soup with wonton will be the best match but I don't think they will let me do that.  I will try next time when I go and will give an update.
Big Wong can get in this belly anytime.

Their menu is simple, easy and cheap.

After reading several reviews and seeing several of yelp friends visit this place, it was time for me to give this place a try. 


What I loved:

The desert rotis.
The plain rotis.
The chicken curry.
The shrimp wonton soup.

What I liked:
The salt and pepper chicken wings. 
The beef and tendon ramen.


What can I say? Good, decent food at cheap prices. I will definitely be back time and time again. To go ordering is simple and so fast and painless.
A good place to go if you only want a snack or want to spend less than $10.00 on dinner.  All of the items are pretty standard with no frills.  Just a good, quick, cheap meal.
I am SO glad that we made the "fortunate mistake" of coming to Big Wong Restaurant! We came here because yelp listed this place under dim sum. This is NOT a dim sum restaurant where they serve the small tasting dishes like Asian tapas, but I'm SO glad I stayed.

First, I'm NOT a fried won ton fan, because I can make them better than most Chinese restaurants. (True) BUT THIS PLACE makes won tons like they are SUPPOSED to be made! These are NOT the usual fried thick, greasy won ton wrappers full of over-seasoned fillers of minced indistinguishable shrimp mixed with egg white and minced bamboo shoots. Instead, THIN, delicate crisp wrappers, and the flavor of FRESH REAL plump chunks of shrimp are allowed to shine through in each bite. When you use fresh, quality shrimp, the flavor of the fresh shrimp is what shines through!

I had the steamed chicken accompanied by gai lan (Chinese broccoli), lap cheong (slices of Chinese sausage) and steamed rice. The vegetables were perfectly crisp tender, the sausage was of good quality (meaning not fatty & salty), and fluffy steamed rice. The dish was a great balance of flavors with the delicately flavorful broth from the steamed chicken.

The prices are cheap, and portions generous, but that does NOT mean this place skimps on quality! If you want Chinese food made with FRESH ingredients and not full of bloating MSG, come here! Even the tea is great: a slightly sweet jasmine tea!

And you MUST MUST MUST finish your meal with the SWEET ROTI! (See my tip for more on the SWEET ROTI!)
Big Wong is still my favorite Chinese lunch restaurant. The special shrimp noodle dish is always consistently great with the shrimp wontons and shrimpy based soup. I also like the fact they bring out the green onions, and hot sauce condiments so you can add more flavor to it as needed. The fresh diced green onions add a fresh flavor to the rich soup.

Since their opening, they have added more menu items but I can't eat the special shrimp noodle soup and something else because their portions are more than enough for one person. 

Next time I will have to come back with a group so I can try their other items.
Fast and cheap tasty food. I like the chicken curry over rice for only 4.95!!  Also the mango pudding for dessert is delicious and only $1.25. I came here because Monta was a ridiculously long wait and it ended up being great.
I suppose now is as good a time as any to get my 400th review into the system.

Big Wong is worthy of a milestone review, because everything here is amazing. It's affordable, delicious and clutch.

I've been here a few times, but I'll share a little ditty about my first visit. I was in the mood for some soup, and was in the area. I had walked by once after a meal at Raku, so I figured I'd actually make the visit this time. Probably the funny name

I ordered the Shrimp Wonton soup. Steamed wontons in a very delicious broth. I was recovering from a cold, so this was very necessary. 

Everything was simply perfect, down to the addition of baby bok choy in the soup. 

The staff was very friendly, and because I was so enthusiastic about my meal, I ordered a second order to go. Each order is about five bucks.

If you want to splurge, order the dessert roti. It's a mindblowing hand stretched roti sprinkled with powedered sugar and drizzled with honey.

So, whatcha waiting for? Hit this place up.
I  highly recommend this place. Good food, good prices, and good service. Owners are very nice.  I recommend anything on the menu. My favorite item is the chicken curry with roti.
My friend and I came here after school for late dinner.  We had our minds set on eating and drinking but they don't serve alcohol.  The place was empty as it was already close to 10pm.

They have Thai, Chinese, Vietnamese, Malaysian and Taiwanese dishes.  We got the chicken curry with roti, rib eye steak and beef ramen (the beef was so tender and broth had a good flavor).  They were good.  I really enjoyed the beef ramen.  We also got Thai iced tea which were in small 8oz styrofoam cups.  Everything about this place screams ASIAN!!!  The service, the cigarette smell coming from the kitchen and unpretentiousness.  The food was very cheap.  We only paid a bit over $20 for everything we got.  We were stuffed.

I'll come back to try their other dishes.
It's great being here in Vegas and trying all types of food the strips and buffets has to offer. Then you try Chinatown food looking for a familiar setting you can find comfort in while being away from home, but all you find are high priced food ($8-14/dish) that the tastes good enough. Until you find Big Wong! 
This authentic restaurant screams, "feed my soul with your warm food."  You will find specials postered on their walls, a small joint that seems like only locals know about, to appreciate the scent of satay pan as you bite into your garlic infused ong choy, and enjoy the classic no b.s. attitude of the waitress ( which reminds me of ok service, but great food). 
No glitz, no glam kind of place. Just sit back, chill, and dine until it hit the spot! On average their price ~$4-6/item, can of pop $1, rice bowl $1. Can't beat that. They keep the menu short and serve quick. Waitress says, "we have a lil bit of everything, but we don't have everything." Meaning= Pan-Asian menu, no fried rice! Don't ask, you'll get yelled at. Hahaha...
Everything was great! We ordered: salt n pepper chicken wings, wonton shrimp w udon noodle soup, satay garlic ong choy, good soy sauce. 

Cons: wooden chop sticks, plastic spoon
Dessert roti. NOMNOMNOM. I guess I better start off with what I did like. The salt and pepper chicken wings and the dessert roti's are total winners.

We tried the chicken curry with roti cause I read soooo many reviews about it but unfortunately, nothing about it wowed me! :( 
We also tried the salt and pepper shrimp and I won't say it was horrible...but I was not impressed. Leaving the head and shell on was quite a deal breaker for me.

The pro is that this place is more than affordable but unfortunately the lady/probably owner isn't that friendly. Another thing I found really weird was that they would use real plates, but give you plastic utensils, which is a strange concept to me. This place is really only 3.5 stars worthy but thinking about the dessert roti makes it 4.

Here are the priceless reactions for the roti and chicken wings
https://t.co/ISQtcRiSMU
https://t.co/1xGG31eeTL
I cam here with Brad T., Alexis K. & her hubby came here one night to eat some good food.

Brad T. and I never heard or been to Big Wong Restaurant so when we looked it up on Yelp we were surprised how great the ratings were here.  Anyways, we ordered about 7 dishes ( I believe ) and wow was everything I tasted was so good & the prices were so cheap! I wish I remembered what we ordered so I can recommend some dishes but I forgot them all.


Ratings:
Service (4)
Food (5)
Atmosphere (4)
Easiness of paying (4) 
Overall (4) 

Great place, great good, and with great company!
The lady at this place is rude. she don't know how to greet customers with a smile. I will never go back there!!!!
Love this place. Amazing good food with super cheap price.
So I've been here a few times before and adored it. From the food to the wait staff to the cheapness TO THE FACT THAT THEY HAVE NO SHAME IN THEIR GAME AND THE KITCHEN DOOR IS ALWAYS OPEN WHEN YOU WALK UP TO THE PLACE.

 I just enjoy it.

One broke Sunday I decide it's worth the drive to explore China town and end up taking the BF into BW.

First of all, he loved his food. He had the Hoi Nam chicken.
When the waitress brought it out she took one look at his giant-ginger self and explained to him how to eat it.
Which he highly appreciated.

I got the chicken curry and man they do it well. The flavor is deep and the meat is so tender it becomes a gravy for me to slather atop rice.

We also split the shrimp appetizer can't fail there.

When the bill came to 15 bucks I thought he was gonna faint.
Good times.
So my boyfriend and I had a friend in town and he wanted to take us somewhere for lunch in China Town, I was excited because not only are we slightly new to Las Vegas and have not hit any places in MLV China Town but my friend Robin really knows what and how to order. We are very open to trying anything and everything new. We read the yelp reviews and wished we had came earler because of course, they were out of their famous Soy Sauce Chicken entree which I WILL be back for. We receieved awesome customer service from the owner/manger who helped us select lots of things off the menue. The HMO CHICKEN (I think it was called) WITH RICE was amazing mixed up with the sauces it came with. The garlic pepper chicken wings were also very very good. We had very fresh shrimp wontons and I was impressed with how fresh the shrimp tasted considering it is Las Vegas... The Ocho Vegtable dish they had went well with everything. We also had the curry and it was verrry good with some type of bread tortila to dip in it. I wasn't very fond of the pourage our friend ordered but I think it is more of a accustomed taste that is needed although my boyfriend loved it. Not only was everything great...the prices were outstanding! I will be back with friends and family expecially because you can call an hr or more ahead to have the Soy Sauce Chicken ready for you so you dont show up and they have ran out! I might even go there for lunch soon consdering I work very close to there :)
No need to make a joke about the name...it's Big Wong...not Big Wang!  =D

This is a review of their Shrimp Wonton Soup.

It's cheap, it's good, it's fast, it's served piping hot & it hasn't made me sick the 3 times I've tried it.  Easily my favorite wonton soup in the valley.  The added greens are a nice touch.  All the other times I've had wonton soup, it was just the wontons.

Granted, I need to try other things on their menu, but I always fill up on the wonton & am satisfied.  Don't expect anything fancy when you arrive.  I simply come here for a quick & delicious bowl of soup...not the decor.  

If you don't feel like waiting to be seated at Monta...give this place (in the same strip mall/parking lot) a shot.
So glad my friends and I found this place! We were in the same plaza at The Foot Spa and we were waiting for a cab to come and we decided to stop into Big Wong and grab something to drink and maybe a little snack and we ended up having an early dinner there! The staff were so nice and the food is so good!

What we had:
Salt & Pepper Chicken Wings - super yummy and spicy
Ong Choy, Thai Style - so good that we had to get 2 plates!
Fried Shrimp Wontons - yummy! just like a shrimp ball in a different form
Mango Pudding - it has mango chunks!
Almond Pudding - it has litchi and longan bits in it.
Sweet Roti Pancake - this is AMAZING! Roti with condensed milk and powdered sugar on top! It's so good, when I got home, I was craving it and had to go find roti to make and put condensed milk on it!
Found this place based on a recommendation by a Taiwanese friend of mine.  Later I had taken the whole family during the beginning of a road trip and they loved the food.  It was quite nice because my dad who has worked in a Chinese restaurant for over thirty five years himself is a very difficult person to please when it comes to eating out and he had nothing but praises, especially for their gravy, saying they did everything right.

Pro: Great affordable prices, perfectly deep fried foods, home cooked style, personable service.

Con: Smaller operation, therefore service can be slow at times.

Unique: Mango pudding and the almond with lychee, both desserts made with real fruit and not artificial like most Asian places.
Fast, great value.... and a diverse different menu.
This place is amazing. Amazing because you get such delicious food for such a cheap price. Most of their items are about $5, and most do not exceed $10.

The portions are filling to a man, for a girl, you may be able to split it into 2 meals. I got the Beef Noodle Soup and the broth was soooo savory! Delicious! The chicken curry is delicious too. I definitely recommend the salt and pepper shrimp and the fried chicken wings. So delicious.

I don't recommend their porridge though, it tasted more like rice, which means they probably did not make the meat broth properly.

Also, sometimes there are only one waitress and one chef, so it may take some time to get your food, but it's worth it. :)
best cheap Chinese in las vegas! yummy!
If you want some authentic Chinese food, this is the place to go!  Service was fast and the food was good and cheap!

Items ordered:

Beef Ramen - Don't expect Japanese Raman or anything near that.  The broth in this soup taste like beef stew and its yummy.  Very tasty and yummy.

Salt and Pepper Chicken Wings - Nom Nom Nom.... I love the chicken wings here.  Fried to perfection and the wings were season to perfection too.

Shrimp Won-Ton Soup with Udon - This noodle soup was a little bland, but that is how these kind of noodle soup is supposed to be.  

Will recommend this place to anyone who want some authentic Chinese food.
Great place to come if your on a budget and want good food and large portions. The dining room isn't as nice as it could be but the price makes up for the ambiance.

PROS: 
House special shrimp wonton with egg noodle soup
Salt & pepper pork chop
Hoi Nam chicken
Beef ramen soup (as featured in articles posted on the wall)
Prices

CONS:
The inside could use a small facelift

CASH ONLY!
Big Wongs i could say has the best authentic chinese food in VEGAS!! yes!! yet again the prices are so cheap to the quality of food they serve! friendly & great service. the steamed chicken is amazing! their Salt & pepper chicken wings are a must have! & to top off a great meal you have to try their Roti pancake! 5 Stars for big wongs for great quality food at a very affordable price!
My friend Samson took me here because he said it makes him feel like he's at home with how authentic it is. I have to admit it's pretty good. I got hai nam chicken it was really good and we got some water spinach. If your looking for cheap dishes and good taste try this place
As good as Chinese food you'll find in Vegas with each dish for about $4.95 to $7. One can't go wrong. The decor is bare basics but a terrific cheap eats with great Hainan chicken.
I ordered the Hoi Nam Chicken. But I was really confused with what I got. This is not Hoi Nam Chicken. It is cold, obviously right out of the fridge, or the microwave, because I could still feel the ice in the bone and meat. I talked to the manager or boss. Her response was that this is not the way Hoi Nam Chicken is served. She even told me not to expect the dish will come out the same way as in LA or NY, even though the posted signs in the restaurant claming authentic chinese food. 

The food tasted bad. The attitude is not so friendly. Sorry, I cannot recommend it.
I came here based on yelp reviews....but it was only okay for me.

I ordered the #8 which was roti and curry chicken. It was good...although the dish had more potatoes than chicken in my container.

The lady working here recommended watercress vegetables when I ordered stir fry veggies in oyster sauce. She said the watercress was in season. I went with her recommendation but I only thought the vegetable dish was okay. I ended up throwing most of it away.
My friends love this place, I say it was A-OK. The steak was cooked perfectly though. I just find it odd that they serve the steak over rice and boiled potatoes, which by the way, potatoes were bland. It is affordable though.
You guessed it, this place have now been one of those places I come to when I'm in Vegas... the Hamione Chicken rice dish is still as good as the last reviews... and the shrimp wonton is still excellent
Cheap cheap Asian eats....

* Cash only

* Ok this place is amazing for being cheap (5-10 bucks)  but I wouldn't say the food is amazing.  Portions can be large from what I saw at other tables but our curry only had a handful of small beef chunks in it.

* Beef curry with roti- Since this seemed to be one of the popular dishes raved about we tried it.  Not the most flavorful, kinda bland actually.  I think I can make a better curry than this (and it's made from curry cubes ala box!).

* Shrimp fried wontons- The hubs and I don't normally order wontons but the waitress recommended so we gave it a try.  Mostly fried wrapper with a little ground up shrimp inside.  We ate the tasty shrimp and tossed the rest. Meh.

I'd be open to giving this place a second try but I'd def. order something else...
I'm a bit surprised I gave Big Wong only three stars before. Although not five stars (that's reserved for stellar experiences). Big Wong is a HARD four stars. As four as you can get without being a five. The food reminds me of the steamy rice and noodle shops on Mott St. back in NYC. They are straight up delicious and priced to be ordered in abundance. I wish Big Wong was closer to my house. Like next door would be perfect.
The food was satisfactory but the prices were amazing! Tried the beef ramen and I would definitely come again for it if I was on a budget. Friendly staff
BIG WONG's is located at the corner of Spring Mt/Decatur just WEST of Spring Mt right after you pass "Jack in the Crack".  Its easy to pass up...

Chinese food craving kicked in big time one night, there was no way that i was returning to (I will not mention the name of the other chinese establishment, just scroll through my reviews) but I was not going back. So I get on my YELP app and look up cheap ($) chinese food (don't judge me) BIG WONG'S pops up.  I'm all about supporting the local family owned business.

I rate 3STARS for one reason only...the SHRIMP WONTONS, um DELISH yea!  It's nothing super fancy, very simple item.  I came across this item by default, I actually walked in for a killer egg roll but this restaurant does not sell EGG ROLLS.  and the lady looked at me like I had 2 heads and I asked for egg rolls. "I'm sorry lady, my mistake, I thought all Chinese Food restaurant serve egg rolls, they do in California."  Ok, I'm getting sidetracked here.....so no egg rolls but she suggested that I tried their Shrimp Wontons instead... 

-Shrimp - Wonton Wrappers - Deep Fried Goodness - served w/ a sweet and sour chili sauce.  all for $4.95 - 8pcs

Crispy, not soggy or saturated w/ oil.  Made to order, I always do take out, they are sealed in a foil heat bag to keep them warm and crunchy.  

This is so a MOM and POP joint, no fancy digs here.  I have never tried anything else on the menu because it does not appeal to me, I go there for one thing and one thing ONLY!!! SHRIMP WONTONS (simple deliciousness)

Try it out, you might find something other than SHRIMP WONTONS on that menu that you might like


-ENJOY ;-)
I love this place. It's cheap and and the food delicious and comes in a generous portion size. I've been here a few times now and my go to meal is the curry chicken with potatoes and roti. Being an islander and living on the opposite coast from my mom, I don't get all the good cooking. Oddly this meal even though it's from a different place hits the spot! The roti tastes just like how my mom would cook and I couldn't appreciate that any more than I do. This place is definitely a winner!
Place is ok if you're looking for a cheap price.  Food was ok..I had better.  Not that much food selection for a chinese restaurant.  Service was extremely slow.  I guess u get what u pay for.
Like a dubbed old school low budget kung fu movie, Big Wong keeps it simple with good menu selections and low prices.

Was gonna go to SnowFlake Shavery but didn't have dinner yet so we decided to check out this Wong place. After looking over the menu, I was astounded by how simple it was laid out and explained. Most dishes were around the 5 to 6 dollar range. I was excited that it was pretty cheap and at the same time cautious because of the quality you might get because of it. 

First visit I ordered the Shrimp Wonton with Udon noodles and the wifey ordered the Rice Vermiccelli Noodle Soup which she shared with my youngest son. We were all amazed at how hot and fresh both dishes were especially with how fast we received it too. The Shrimp Wonton mixed with Udon Noodles were some of the best Wonton I have had in a while. As for the the other dish my wife and son shared, it was basically a pho bowl, which was pretty good as well.

I was impressed so we came back the next day for lunch to try some of the other items. Our second visit verified that this place was gonna be one of our go to places for good, cheap fast food. What we got this time was the Beef Ramen, Salt n Pepper Porkchop, and Thinly Sliced Ribeye over Rice.  

The Beef Ramen has your basic Ramen Noodles accompanied by tender chunks of Beef Brisket which gave the overall taste of the soup tremendous flavor. The Salt n Pepper Porkchop was exactly that. A deep fried Porkchop lightly coated in salt and pepper, then sliced and garnished with thinly sliced sauteed jalapenos. When you bite into it, all the flavors put together are like a really good orchestra playing in your mouth. I asked for some sweet chili sauce on the side to dip it in and some steamed white rice to accompany it. As for the Thinly Sliced Ribeye, it comes with an au jus type of of gravy to dip it in and then you eat it it with the steamed white rice. Really good flavors from this as well.

The overall total with tax and tip was around 20 dollars. Not bad for all the food I just mentioned! 

Service was decent. They would come around refilling our drinks every so often so I never really had to ask for any refills. 

So if you want good food at low prices with decent service, you can't go wrong at Big Wongs! (Pun intended)
We ordered the chicken curry with rice, the beef with ramen, and the shrimp wonton soup. All 3 dishes were SIMPLE, but good portions for $15 credit card charge. The lady was pleasant and anticipated our wants: gave us an extra bowl and plate so we could share as it was our first time here. She did it without us having to ask for it. The prices are according with the quality and taste.of the foods. SIMPLE, pleasant, good portions,  and fair prices. We would go back to try other dishes.
HATE  Nothing.

DISLIKE  The sloppily dressed, apathetic server. The styrofoam cups. How supplies, condiments, and other items were unorganized and visible to customers behind the counter. The multi-colored, haphazardly written poster menus on the wall.

LIKE  The shrimp wontons. The sweet roti. The special seafood noodle soup. The smiling chef who sometimes helped front of house.

LOVE  The beef ramen. The prices.
My second visit I ordered the chicken curry with roti  and chicken Hainan with rice. The roti bread was excellent . The Hainan chicken and the 2 sauces were delicious with a fluffy rice. We definitely will go back to try more dishes. The lady that doesn't smile is still very accomodating by offering me a glass of water while waiting for my order to go.
Been back a couple of times since my initial review...food is still good, but first time the owner lady was too busy fighting with the chef (husband?) and last time she was plain cranky towards me both when I called in for the order and when I went to pick up my food. 

As a small business owner myself, I would never mistreat my customers or take them for granted. I hope I can give them a better review next time I go back, IF I decide to go back. Then again, I can think of many restaurants more deserving of my support.
The most amazing hole in the wall place I have found in a long time! 

We ended up here accidentally after visiting a foot spa nearby, we were waiting for a cab and were told it would be 40 minutes before the cab arrived, so we decided to try Big Wong since we were amused by the name...and we were sure glad we came in!

The waiter (who I think was also the chef) told us what was the most fresh and cooked it how he thought we would like it, and every bite we took was better than the next. Thai style Ong Choy, Roti, all of it was amazing. The ambiance isn't anything to write home about, folding tables, Styrofoam cups, hand-written menu posters - but the food made us look past all of that.

Next time we are in Vegas, we will make the trip off the strip to Big Wong.
I gave this place another shot! The prices are extremely cheap. But don't expect much, you get what you pay for!  The utensils are plastic and your drinks are served in a foam cup, which I think is better than wondering if they washed it well or not. The food had good flavor, I ordered the chicken curry with the roti pancakes (3pcs) and my daughter had the beef noodle soup. The serving is pretty generous. 
The food presentation is blah! But if you're on a budget you can feed your entire family here and then still be able to order food to go... To which I did observe many patrons picking up food while I was there...
I walked out with a $10.90 bill
And tipped more than 20%
This has got to be one of the best valued meals you could ever have in Vegas.  $5 for most of the menu items ranging from wanton noodles soups to curry roti to to Hainanese chicken.  The shrimp wantons are good (more shrimp than fillers) and the salt & pepper wings are very juicy inside the crisp, slightly spicy skin.  It's cheap food, with good portion sizes, cooked perfectly and served with a smile.  Great when you're broke from a night of befuddling.  I just wish they would change the overhead lights.  They were so dim they almost gave me a headache.  Sit by the window.
Tucked in what seems to be the best foodie shopping center in Chinatown Las Vegas, one may easily overlook this hole in the wall as other superb restaurants--Raku, Trattoria Nakamura, Kabuto, Monta and Curry Zen--are also in the same location.  If it were not for Yelp recommendations, I probably would have never gone to this restaurant.

Looking through the menu, most of the items are under $5.00... my college fund definitely goes a long way in this place!!  I decided to try out their hainanese chicken since that is what the restaurant is mainly known for.  Being it my first time having such dish, I thought it was actually quite delicious!  The chicken breast was really tender due to the method of how it was cooked; also, the condiments (hoisin and chili sauce) add a great taste to the dish.  Also tried their chicken curry with roti and a fried pork dish... but thought I would rather get those elsewhere.


Overall experience? Big Wong Restaurant is a great place for lunch due to their affordable prices but definitely do not walk into this place with high expectations--YOU WILL GET WHAT YOU ARE PAYING FOR.  I actually like how the restaurant crews were yelling at each other half the time I was there since it makes the experience more authentic.  I will definitely be back!
I've seen this place so many times, laughed at the name, but never stopped in until one day my other half suggested we go.

Inside is a place with tables. This is common to Chinatown. It's low-cost and it seats people. The bathroom is strangely well-done, though. Anyway, you sit in a relatively warm place - again I'm assuming to save money. You get a small menu, and you get a selection of random things taped to the wall if you wish. I should specify - not food, but just bits of extra "menu."

The waitress, or who ever she is, is remarkably unfriendly. She is merely a physical vessel for carrying food from the kitchen to you. No words. No smiles. Just a note pad and minimal contact.

Ah, the food. So, it's kinda cheap at first. You think, "wow, what a good deal! $5-6?!" Ok, so you really get what you pay for. Everything is thawed, prepackaged, stuff. Just stuff. Nothing with much effort. If it could come out of a package, it did. Be it the fish balls, the roti, the chicken, or whatever. You can tell, everything is minimal. No extra love to preparation. The food is made and put on a plate, and thrown at you.

I don't like. There are SO many better choices out there, even in the same center. Monta, Raku, SnowFlake...
My friends and I were looking for a quick meal before the show and were thinking of trying something different. In comes Big Wong to the rescue, right? Wong. Er, wrong.

The first thing you'll notice, other than the walls interestingly adorned with handwritten paper menus, is the relatively dirt cheap prices. Almost everything we ordered was about $5, so the bar was already set pretty low. Unfortunately, the shrimp wonton soup with egg noodles just did not clear the bar for me. The "broth" was pretty much colored water - it had the same flavor, but a different color.

I liked the curry chicken with roti. It had solid flavor and a pretty decent portion size. No spiciness at all, but they brought out a sriracha bottle in case we wanted it. I managed to use the sriracha on my soup to distract me from the utter lack of salt and umami, so that's a plus. I also had one of my friend's salt and pepper chicken wings, and that one also was yummy. I would recommend these two dishes for sure.

So two out of three isn't bad, right? Not really. The problem is simple: if I can't rely on this place to be any good, I may as well go for one of the numerous other options in the area or even in the same plaza. I don't think I'll come back unless I'm somehow in the area and hurting for money.
I came here by accident, but boy was it a great mistake. The beef ramen has chunks of tender steak. It's not exactly bone-melting broth, but it's a hearty warm stew and the noodles have a fresh consistency. The real gem was the fried chicken and rice. All dark meat, fluffy rice, and egg for $5!  Some of the best Asian FC I've ever had. Come here to eat well and cheap!  Baller on a budget.
after reading the reviews, had to give it a try.  beef stew noodle, thats what it's called in hawaii, very tasty, though i like my broth saltier, ung choi with garlic, excellent, thank you waitress for the tip.  if you're in hawaii, order beef stew noodle with gravy, one of my favorites.
Great service, good food, and cheap eats. If you are looking for a Chinese restaurant that won't break bank, Big Wong is an ideal location for you because they offer an assortment of dishes for under $6. 

I ordered a special shrimp soup wonton with udon or ramen, I asked the guy if they had egg noodle, they did, so I went with that. I might have misread the title on the menu, because I was expecting regular wonton noodle soup with shrimp, which is what my other two friends had gotten, but what I got was actually shrimp soup. The broth was a rich red color and tasted exactly like shrimp. I probably wouldn't order that again because it was just too much for me to enjoy the soup, my mistake...but other than that, the noodles were great, wish they gave more wontons, but also I feel like the wonton were a tad overcooked, and the shrimp seemed mushy, but it actually wasn't.

They had bok coy cooked 2 ways I believe, decided to go with garlic, and I thought that was their best thing there, also under $6, most Chinese places would probably charge like $9+ for that, unless you get it during like a special lunch item. But ya, the bok choy was flavored well, didn't taste or look old, it had that nice bright green color, good crips, I would definitely order that again. The curry beef looked good, didn't get to try it, and my friend said the beef ramen soup was delicious.
Chicken rice is good value for money! The sweet roti was very nice! Highly recommend!
Big Wong is great! The price for the food is unbeatable!

Big Wong is located in a shopping plaza with other very popular restaurants(Snowflake, Raku, Monta) it is a small hole in the wall restaurant that is easy to miss. The menu is short and simple but the food is all tasty, especially for being so inexpensive. The Hoi Nam Chicken (Hainese Chicken and rice) and the deep fried pork chop are currently my favorites and I highly recommend trying them along with the rest of the menu. Only negative is the food can take a while when they are crowded as their staff number is small.
I highly recommend trying big Wong(and then go to snow flake for dessert:))
Surprisingly for a place that offers primarily chinese food the people there didnt speak a lick of CHINESe! Prices are cheap and inclusive of tax. i bet they are avoiding the tax themselves.
I ordered the fried pork chop w rice. the lady brings out the rice and egg first and tells me the porkchop will come shortly. um what am i supposed to do w the rice without the main dish. i told her she should bring both simultaneously next time. she explains that someone else preps the chops. she said affirms my suggestion... not sure if she will listen but... uhhh ok... bring both out when they are ready. i ordered it as one dish not two separate dishes. For the prices i guess its a good deal! CC accepted for  $10+
Not bad Big Wong. I was able to satisfy my appetite under $5 bucks and wasn't disappoint. That goes without saying that it really wasn't anything spectacular. 

So I got the Special Shrimp Soup and added shrimp wontons for an over-the-top shrimpy meal. The food came out fast and my first impression was the broth was pretty shrimpy w/ a little bit of spice to it. It also contained udon noodles and chopped Chinese broccoli. 

Coming in, I was starving and at the end I didn't even finish all my noodles. So don't be fooled! The portion size is deceiving because of all the substance they throw into the bowl. 

On the minus side, they serve their drinks in styrofoam cups. And that's something I'll always frown upon. I guess it's cheap but couldn't you save more with washable plastic cups? C'mon guys. 

Service was abrupt but attentive. The restaurant was arranged to sit groups of up to 6-8 people. 

Overall, I enjoyed my experience and I'll be back w/ friends to try more of the menu.
Our return here was because of the Chicken Hainan with rice and the options of dark/white, bone in or out. It's simple, but tasty. The salt/pepper chicken wings is also another favorite of ours. We tried the Congee for the first time with boneless fish & pork with preserved egg and liked it. I still wish we had room for another favorite of ours, the chicken curry with Roti......yummy. This place is friendly, excellent value, fast, and satisfying.
I'm going to have to amend my previous review a bit because of one menu item.

I was talking to a friend about how I didn't enjoy Big Wong at all, and he told me that he really likes one particular dish on their menu. Fast forward to this weekend when he suggested that we hang out. I asked if he wanted to "show me how good Big Wong can be," and he obliged.

This game-changing dish was the ~$5 Hainan boneless dark meat chicken with seasoned rice (#2 on the menu). We actually split an extra order of seasoned rice, leaving us plenty to go around. The chicken and rice were both quite tasty and sufficiently seasoned, and I liked both the soy and the spicy sauces that accompanied the dish. I would certainly recommend this place as a cheap lunch (and an excuse to hit up Snowflake Shavery for dessert).

We didn't get appetizers, but I'll stand by the curry chicken with roti and the salt and pepper chicken wings from my first visit. Just avoid the shrimp wonton soup and beef ramen like the plague.
My second time here. First time I was not that impressed. Today, my son dared me to return... Good choice. Thought it was gonna be typical Chinese fare but the food I had today was really good, I would definitely return....
I feel like I can't trust yelp reviews in vegas... The only thing that this place has going for them is that everything is cheap. Like most dishes are 5 or 6 dollars.

Ordered:
-hoi nam chicken over special seasoned rice (boneless dark)
-curry chicken with roti pancakes
-salt and pepper fish
-thai tea

The only thing that was okay was the dark chicken, and not enough to make me want to come back. My husband, however, wants to give it a second try bc the prices are so cheap. Let's hope we can find something good on their menu. 

The lady serving was rude... But I think that's pretty typical of Asian restaurants, so I didn't find that too offensive.

Also, i wonder why they can't use reusable plastic cups when they clearly wash their plates. All beverages are served in styrofoam cups. Ugh. I hate styrofoam. Not just bc it's not eco-friendly, but I might have an irrational fear of styrofoam. I hate the sounds and texture. It's just gross. :( Please get real cups!
Decided to finally stop by after one of my friends told me that they come here all the time. After we were seated and handed menus, I was surprised at how simple it was - a small rectangular laminted piece of paper printed from front to back. The front showed mostly rice and noodle dishes, which is what we decided to go with. Since there was only 2 of us, we ordered 3 items to share: fried chicken w/ rice, Hoi Nam chicken w/ seasoned rice,  and beef ramen. I was informed when ordering that the fried chicken would take 20 min to prepare, which I was ok with since we had 2 other dishes to eat.

The Hoi Nam chicken and seasoned rice was good, and the rice had an interesting taste to it which we liked. The chicken seemed well seasoned, juicy and perfectly cooked. The beef ramen, wasn't really Japanese style ramen, but then again this is a Chinese restaurant so why would it be? It was more like a beef noodle soup with ramen noodles and kind of reminded me of Taiwanese beef noodle soup, just not spicy at all and with ramen noodles instead of rice noodles. The beef was soft, tender and not over cooked and the soup was decent, but could've been seasoned a little better. When the fried chicken finally came out it was extremely hot and crispy and therefore delicious. I would return just for this dish alone since I'm a big fan of seasoned fried chicken.

Tried the almond pudding for dessert, which comes in a small container for $1.25 per order. The pudding was flavorful and refreshing, and included small lychee and longan in it.

Service was ok, mainly because there was only 1 waitress working on a Saturday night when most of the tables were full. You might experience a slight wait when trying to place your order or get refills, but it wasn't a big deal for me because we weren't in much of a hurry.

It was a nice surprise to see that tax is included in the menu pricing so what you see is what you pay. They do have a $10 minimum to use a card, but we decided just to pay cash. Our total was just over 17 bucks. What a deal! I'm sure I'll be back many times over in the future. Doesn't get any better than simplicity and low pricing at an Asian restaurant!
Yummy and cheap!  My husband and I tried out Big Wong and we both enjoyed it.  I tried the fried pork and he got the sirloin.  We just dumped the juices we got on the big cup of rice and enjoyed.
Cheap but yummy. I come to Las Vegas from California 2-3 times a year and I always come to this restaurant. Earlier this month I went to LV again for 3 days, and everyday I came here. I ordered different food everyday and all are delicious.
I guess it's about time for me to review this place. LOL! If your familiar with yelp, you'll notice that I got the most check-ins, ranking at #1. Anyways, we love this place, especially my 4 year old daughter. Her ultimate favorite is their Fried Shrimp wontons. We pretty much tried everything in the menu, but I myself always get thin rib-eye over rice and soup, either beef ramen or house shrimp soup with udon noodles. The hubby usually gets curry chicken with roti and soup, either their shrimp soup with wontons or seafood noodle soup. For those who say that the service sucks, we'll get to know Connie she's actually a nice lady. Although sometimes she has an attitude it's because there are some rude customers too. We have witness quite a few when we were there. Lastly it's clean I like that they use disposable utensils. I know it not Eco-friendly but in my opinion I feel safe that the spoon that someone put in their mouth will never be the same spoon that I'll be using. It's just I'm cool with styrofoam cups too :)! Oh yeah I almost forgot the price is so affordable. Every time we go here it's around $35-$40 with tip and I still have a little bit of left over for breakfast the next day.
We were originally going to go to Ramen Sora but it was busy so we drove to Monta but they were closed. Saw Big Wong, yelped it and it has a 4 star review so decided to check it out. We got 2 beef ramen noodle, 1 fried chicken w noodle and a soda. Came out to $18!! 

Their food is really yummy w awesome price tags. This is owned by a Thai & Chinese couple...from what I can gather. 

My bf overheard the main chef talking (big Wong) and that's how we started talking to them and finding out more info. 

Really friendly staff, can't wait to go back to check out their other dishes! ^_^
Beef Ramen is so delicious. We liked it so much that we went back the next day:). Best of yet, it's only $5.95. 

Hainan Chicken rice (boneless dark meat) is also very good, though we had better chicken. 

We also ordered vegetable with Hoisien sauce. Fresh and no disappointment. 

To sum it up, great comfort food at great price.
Beef ramen was okay. The soup was kind of bland but the beef was real tender. My wife had the shrimp ramen. She was not a fan. I give it a shot and neither am I.
Arrived in Vegas in the late afternoon and this was one of the few places that were actually opened on Thanksgiving. Our original idea was to go to the ramen place near this restaurant, but that place was closed for the holidays so we came here instead.

I don't know if this was just an every day thing or a holiday thing, but the server gave us tea in styrofoam cups. Odd. Very odd. What restaurant actually does that? Mm..

The lady server we had gotten didn't seem friendly. If anything, she seemed annoyed when she took our order. There was 10 of us so maybe that was overwhelming, but it just looked like we were troubling her by our order or something. 

The styrofoam cups should have gave me a clue. Besides their plates and bowls, everything else we had gotten was plastic. I had ordered their hoi nam chicken rice with white breast meat and oh man, it was... super dry. The sauce they gave me for it didn't even help hide the dryness of it. Ugh. I washed down the rest of the chicken while promising myself that I will never get this again. The rice it came with was good, but it didn't save the chicken. 

At least the bathroom was clean. 

1 star for being opened on thanksgiving when everything else was closed. 
1 star for not charging for tea.
I only ate here twice. One dine in and one take out. 
I think this is a family owned restaurant because when I dined it last time, the chef and waitress were yelling at each other in front of all customers..
I love their curry roti!! Its so bomb. The roti was so buttery. It already tasted good without curry sauce. The chicken chunk in the curry sauce was big but dry though.
Their hainan chicken was not bad but not crazy. I will definitely come back again since the food is not bad and actually really cheap!!
One of my favorite cheap eats in town! I always get the beef ramen with tendon. Its is super delicious. The spicy chicken wings are a must try too. The price, the portions, the location, and the quick service make this place one of my favorite restaurants. Try this place, you won't regret it.
Went here for lunch on a weekend. The place was not packed but you will see that the turnover was fast.  Ordered the following: Shrimp Wonton Noodle Soup, Salt and Pepper Chicken Wings (Recommended), Pork chop with Rice, Steamed Chicken with Mushroom and Chinese Sausage. All the items need a tad more salt but the flavors are there. The price was very reasonable. The service was also quick. 

Will be back for sure.
No complain! Affordable price and good service! Rice and noodle were all yummy! We ordered 4 different dishes, and only paid $30 (including tips)!
I believe this Chinese or Malaysian cuisine. I had their house shrimp spicy wonton soup. For $5.. It was really good! The serving was good and the single lady serving like twenty people did her best. I'd definitely go back. They have a large growing menu with interesting items that are all really affordable. My other two party members got their chickens. One was fried and one was boiled. They both devoured their dishes. I got a taste of the fried version and the sauce it came with was delicious. Really good.
We are a family of 4. Ordered 2 appetizers the fried shrimp wontons and salt and pepper wings. We ordered 3 entrees and paid $29!! Our 5 year old loved the beef ramen soup. My husband ordered fried pork chops with white rice it tastes great! I will return and next time save room for dessert.
I'm not sure why people were soooooo amazed by their beef ramen, but it was very disappointing. It was full of beef flavor; otherwise, very plain. The hai nan chicken rice my mom ordered was nasty. The white meat was so tough? Whatever they did, even the dipping sauces didn't help. Fish porridge, it was pretty thick. Didn't look that appetizing. Overall, given the price of the food, it was ok, but I doubt I'd be coming back. Looking at the four star on yelp, I feel like I really got cheated. :( I had to give this a two star. 

On another note, why do these food places ALWAYSSSSS forget my drink? Food #2 place that forgot my drink during my trip in vegas.
Great Chinese food with good price ...

We ordered curry chicken with peratha (roti), beef ramen and hai nam chicken rice ... 

All are delicious (very tasty) !
This place is awesome. The main chef regularly comes out to check if everything's up to par and has a great sense of humor! 
You absolutely MUST try the salt & pepper chicken wings along with the fried shrimp wontons! Everything here is just great!
this place ia the bomb!  you got to get soy sauce chicken, best i ever had!  best of food and best of prices
Cheap eats in Vegas short drive from the strip. 

Must try, their chicken wings!  OMG, the salt and pepper chicken wings are so delicious and the meat is super tender.  Got a great flavor and it's made to order. 

We also got some stir fried bok choy that was really tasty and 2 of their congee.  

I love the preserved egg congee and pork.  Their fish congee was just ok, the fish smelled and tasted slightly fishy....  The congee is the thick style and it's like $4 for a big bowl.  

In the midst of all the pricy places to eat in Vegas, this place is a nice break on your pocketbook if you want something simple and tasty.
My boyfriend and I were visiting Vegas, and as we were driving up there he was telling me about this great restaurant called Big Wong he's been hearing about from a friend. We decided we would give it a shot due to all the great reviews we read about.. 
When we got there, there was a hostess/waitress who looked really irritated to see us. She promptly sat us down and we said thanks and she doesn't even acknowledge it, just walks off. I was a little put off by the service but I just shrugged it off. We looked at the menu and we ordered a plate of the chicken wings to share between us, the beef ramen for my boyfriend, the double
Fish ball noodle soup for me, and two Thai teas. 
We got our drinks in a styrofoam cup. It was weird but I guess that's their norm. I drank it pretty quickly since it was small, and had to ask for a water within 5 minutes. Also a styrofoam cup. 
We then got our food. My boyfriend thought his ramen was okay, nothing special. I thought my noodle soup was bland beyond words. The soup tasted really watered down, I had to put in a ton of sriracha to give it any flavor at all. The wings were really good though, that was worth every penny. 

Some things bugged me a little during our visit there though. The kitchen is within full view to the restaurant which means I can hear the staff in there talking. At one point, I heard one of the guys in there raise his voice to another guy about not working hard enough? It was pretty loud and was a little unprofessional. 
Also, the waitress who was unfriendly the whole time, was on the verge of unpleasant. She seemed like she didn't want to be there serving us the whole time and I felt the negative vibe. 

Overall, this restaurant is cool if you're looking for acceptable quality in the food and cheap prices. Our total bill came out to only $20 so it wasn't bad. Make sure if you do go, try the wings. It'll make the trip worthwhile
I really like Big Wong. 

This is just to help them improve.

Their service sucks.

Everything is about $5 dollars.

The lady who has helped us both times is always alone. I'm sure it sucks for her. This is a prime location in the surrounding China Town area so I know it gets busy. There's about twenty people in here now. 

Anyways the food I really good. I've had their special spicy seafood soup with wontons and their beef ramen. Both were pretty good. The shrimp and wontons in the soup were of good quality. The beef ramen has a pretty basic beef flavor. There isn't even any taste of like ginger or even onion. The beef itself is cooked really soft. I've tried their chicken wings and their shrimp won tons. Both were good. The wings are seasoned well and came out hot quick and fresh. The shrimp wontons are also good. Both are good sizes for $5 each.

Anyways they give you super small water cups.

So here is my gripe. They have a menu item called 5., 5a, and 5b. It's their special deep fried chicken. One is bone in dark meat, One is bone out dark meat, and they have a boneless white meat. The dish is really good. The dark meat takes 25 minutes but it's worth it. 

So my sister got the bone out dark and my cousin the bone out white meat.

The server comes out and brings pork chops. So we spoke amongst ourselves like who ordered this?

And she's like it's number three deep fried pork chops.

I ordered soup so I know it's not mine.

But we are all positive that they got chicken.

She just walks off and says well you ordered that and shrugs her shoulders and walks off.

No arguing with that right?

So she ends up walking back and says it's wrong it goes somewhere else.

Needless to say she messed up.

There was no apology for the mix up or for blaming us.

Also we never got our drinks refilled. Not once.

Anyways I'll probably just order take out from here. I can't imaging coming here when their service sucks. 

Also I witnessed her have an attitude with another client because they requested a specific table for their large party. 

3.5-4 stars for the food and price but 2 overall.
I totally echoed with some other reviewers, the service really sucked there! They never smiled and sometimes I feel that customers are paying them to treat customers badly. It's like they don't care if you give them business or not. The price is very attractive but then after visting there for couple times, I eventually figured that it's not worth it because I never ate comfortably in the restaurant when their faces (the only lady who served customers and the kitchen staff, especially the female cook) always look upset. Why can't they smile a little more? Like another reviewer said, we always said thank you, when being seated, when the drinks came, when the food came, we said thank you. But there was no acknowledgement of our thanks, and the face was like "whatever".

The first time I went there I asked very politely if they have a bathroom (i asked after placing orders), and the lady was giving me an irritated look, as if I was a fool to ask.

I think the food is cheap because they only have so few employees there. And I guess that's why there is no good service, I think anyone could go postal if one has to do everything with no help. I did see that "only lady" taking orders, serving drinks, bringing out food, sweeping the floor, etc, all by herself. Poor thing.....and poor customers too. I guess that's why the "only lady" always has an irritated face. Though I can be empathetic, I still disagree with such kind of service. But I still can't figure out why the female cook has an irritated face. The male cook doesn't have an irritated look. But then he works in the kitchen mostly, so can't really compensate the unpleasant aura caused by the other 2 ladies. By the way, the female cook doesn't come out often either, but for that one time she did came out, she looked at me as if I was an eye sore for her, and I was just eating, not doing anything wrong though.

I think I would rather be starved instead of going back again....way too much discomfort to eat with that unpleasant aura. It's not worth it though the food is cheap.
I wish I had tried this place sooner! It really is awesome food for Decent prices. I really enjoyed the Curry and the rice. The service was quick. It feels like a nice family-run casual place. 

I do have one complaint... The layout of this joint! It was a chilly evening and the door kept opening so guests could come and go. I was FREEZING! I even wore my winter jacket the whole time. I probably wont go back until it is nicer weather.
Good eats for such a cheap price!

Almost everything on their menu is about $5, give or take a little.
Don't come here expecting the best customer service- lady up front I've seen is running around by herself, so don't be too harsh. The hearty food and low price that goes along with it makes up for their lack of customer service. Everything I tried (Hoi Nam chicken w/ seasoned rice, won ton soup, salt and pepper wings (YUM), and curry with roti) was surprisingly authentic tasting.
Definitely fulfills your craving for Asian food without putting a dent in your wallet. I'm more than satisfied! Will be back for the salt and pepper wings!
Not taking their customer service into consideration, 5 stars for food and affordability.
Amazing curry chicken & roti. The pepper chicken wings were great. Shrimp fried wonton was hot and fresh. Nice big juicy steak on the new menu was done perfectly. All this under $25... Aaaa-freaking-mazing !
Crazy cheap. We almost felt bad for not ordering more food because it was so cheap, but we weren't that hungry. The curry beef was so good because it had both a Hong Kong and Malaysian flare to it. It reminded me a lot of beef rendang which is my absolute favorite. My wife's pork chop over rice was only decent but cost less $5 so hard to complain. The place is very clean and all the dishes people were ordering looked and smelled great. The lady working the front could be a little friendlier and smile more. Other than that we were pleasantly surprised with this small hole in the wall.
Guilty pleasures. We all have guilty pleasures. And my guilty pleasure is Big Wong. 

....
....
....

Not that Big Wong! Get your mind out of the gutter! 

I'm talking about Big Wong, the unassuming Chinese/Malaysian restaurant in the Seoul Plaza (across from Snowflake Shavery). 

This place is crazy cheap, like 1982-prices cheap. So cheap... yes, I've wondered, what is making the "Special" Shrimp Soup so special. Yeah well, I'll take the risk because the food is absolutely delicious! 

I've only been there twice but they have over 32 items on their menu and I'll be updating this review often. I will try their entire menu, since most items are less than $5!!! What? And the portions are not tapa portion but are full-size portions, good enough to feed an adult for dinner. 

I LOVE their Curry Beef over rice. I can't pinpoint the country of the curry, it's a cross between Japanese Curry (I'm thinking House brand) but not as strong, and  panang or a masala. The curry has tender chunks of beef and is served simply over rice or roti. It is delicious.  

Roti's are flat flour pancakes and they are delicious. I'm committing a faux pas by saying this but it reminds me of Fausto's flour tortillas. It has that delicious glutenous flavor. The sweeten roti has condensed milk and makes for a nice dessert. 

The Shrimp wonton soup with flat rice noodles are excellent too. They make great shrimp wontons. 

Honorable mention is the fried porkchop over rice (served with a 5-spice flavored gravy). Tasty but not my favorite item on the menu. I like their mango pudding too. You get a good portion for $1.25 and it has bits of real mango. 

Can't wait to go again. At these prices, I can afford to eat here every day! The Munchie Box has nothing on Big Wong (the munchie box at Jack-in-the-Box, get your mind out of the gutter)!
Like every other review here, food is definitely delicious, and kudos to the chefs.

But because the food is priced so right, and the plaza is booming from the other restaurants.. business is picking up and service is completely nonexistent.

Sorry lady, please don't be too danm miseriable, the energy is not good. They need to hire a few teenagers to help run the business or something.  As good as anybody can be, being the hostess, server, busser, cashier and trying to answer the phone is plain ridiculous.

Add some music or a tv for some noise, the silence makes waiting more irritating.. 

Sorry for the rant but a business establishment needs to run efficiently in other for the customer to be satisfied

5 stars for the food, but overall experience: 3 stars
Big Wong is probably one of the best places to go for a meal if you wanna get full by not having to spend a lot of money. Everything on the menu is no more than $8 or $9. You get a big portion for whatever you get as well. 

If you ever decide to come here I suggest the chicken curry with roti pancakes and or rice. Their curry is SO GOOD. The salt and pepper chicken wings are also appetizing. 

Everything here is like comfort food! Try it out!
Probably my favorite curry place because it is affordable, tasty, and filling. I haven't tried a lot of their other items because I only come here for the curry, but their vegetables are also very tasty. I recommend ordering the Bok Choy with your curry.

Their curry has the perfect amount of spice for me and a good ratio of meat/potatoes/rice. I usually get the beef curry or chicken curry w/ roti pancakes (only 4.95)

Now I have read that people don't really get the best service here, which is true. Personally, I just come here to quickly satisfy my curry craving and the food comes out so fast that I don't even care about extra service. This place is definitely worth the price and even if you don't like it, your wallet won't be crying.
The food is very good and the price is very decent. 

The only thing is be prepared for a the sour mood by the lady working there. The service is actually good but the attitude is less than desirable. 

Just imagine your mom having a sucky day at work and then having to come home to cook dinner and you'll get the idea. You'd almost rather order pizza if not for the fact that the cooking is so good.

There would be 5 stars if not for the foul mood.
AMAZING FOOD! Highly recommend the shrimp wontons and the Thai tea. We had the fried chicken and noodle and the hoi nam chicken and both were delicious. Great service and very authentic food. And for the price? You cannot go wrong coming here!! I will be back next time I'm in Vegas!  Oh and don't forget the sweetened roti!
Big Wong is one of the best ways to get a $4.95 lunch in Vegas. 
Most of the menu is $5.00 and under. 

Price. Price. Price.

If that's what drives you come here. 

I ordered the shrimp wonton soup with udon noodle. I found the broth to be too lightly flavored, but there was plenty of shrimp packed wontons and noodles to fill up. 

None of the food at our table was spectacular, but all of the dishes were fine.

I may have judged this place too harshly, but it's hard to eat mediocre food when the best ramen in Vegas (Monta Ramen) and one of the best Japanese restaurants (Raku) are in the same shopping center for only a few dollars more.

I will certainly try Big Wong again and try not to dream of tonkatsu ramen.
My husband would get takeout from this place every other day if he could. The food tastes good and it's cheap - around $5 for a dish. I like the chicken curry and the stir-fried bok choy. He will eat anything on the menu. This is our go-to place when we don't want to cook.
Just a little drive outside of the strip... This Cheap and delicious place offers a lot of Hong Kong/Malaysia style entrees! The average price is $6, and there is everything from curry, hainam chicken rice, fried pork chop rice to vegetarian and seafood options.

I ordered the pork chop rice which came with a side of this amazing dipping sauce, pickled vegetables and a hard boiled egg.  Yum! 

My husband ordered the curry beef which was rich in flavor and good portion size. The two of us are here for about 10 bucks and walked away happy and stuffed.
First time visit was alright. I got the ramen w/ the fried chicken. The broth of the soup was unflavorful and tastes almost as water. But if you add the fried chicken in it, it gets better. I don't know if thats normal or not but overall it was pretty good. The staff doesnt really say anything or gives a greeting, or checks up on you while you're eating. You just do your own thing but I think thats expected since it is Chinatown. I'd come back though to try an entree w/ rice. :)
This place is far one of my favorites for hours of operation, but mostly it's consistent in flavor and taste. 
We ordered the usual salt & pepper chicken wings, curry chicken with delicious roti pancakes, fish congee with preserved egg, and chicken Hainan, dark meat & boneless. 
Good value for your money!
Excellent service, food prices, and food quality. They ran out of Ong choy but had Chinese broccoli and baby Bak choy. Had those two dishes in a garlic sauce. Also had thai iced tea, hai nam chicken, and a seafood ramen noodle bowl. Hai nam chicken was a tad bit too dry, but was pleased overall. They also ran out of the special Chinese chicken, Chinese sausage, and mushrooms noodle bowl!!! My total came out to be around $25. Will def come back again for such awesome food quality and friendly service. Of course this food is good for my wallet too!!!!!!!!!!!
Sup@ Yum Yum Goodness! We ordered 9a. Your choice of udon, ramen or egg noodles, mild spicy. Two Dessert Roti pancake. Steamed chicken with seasoned rice and fried shrimp wonton. Almond jello with lychee. Delish. We liked the service she was caring towards my 20 month old child. I always love going to places where I can take my baby be cause he does tend to make a mess. The baby chair was clean which is a big plus.
P.S. They do not have the D. Crab over noodles anymore.
For cheap eats, Big Wong can't be beat.  You can find most dishes here for $5. A big variety of dishes to order from ranging from wonton noodle soup to curry with roti.  It's a small joint with one cook in the kitchen and one guy working the front room.  A good alternative if the line at Monta ramen is too long.  However I have to warn you that the flavor was a bit bland. . But for the price it really can't be beat.
I can't believe i have not been eating at the is place sooner.  Big Wong has some classic Chinese food that stick to your ribs goodness.  I have been going here after work for the past 3 weeks on sunday to pick up dinner.  IN a plaza with such great food, Big Wong fits in well with the rest.  The decor is nothing, and the inside is pretty bland, but the food makes up for it.  The beef ramen is always a safe pick as well as the fried chicken with rice.  So far everything I have ordered has hit the spot.  Nice classic home cooked feel.  Nothing spectacular, but if you are looking for comfort food, Big Wong is the place to go.
Stop in for lunch today with my honey. Very warm reception from the owner. We had the salt and pepper shrimp chicken curry and there salt and pepper chicken wings all of them were amazing the prices were on hit I will be back
This place delivers as advertised. My new additional favorites are the steam chicken bowl with lup cheong and vegetable,  ribeye over pasta/rice and all desserts. Cheap, but good eats!
Cheap and delicious.  Most items on menu are around $5.  I'd highly recommend the salt and pepper chicken wings and shrimp.  So good and addicting!  A staple in my Vegas eats.
Wife and I are on our gap year travelling, so whenever there is $ to be saved, we will definitely try. 

Was staying down the road to Big Wongs so decided to give it a try for brunch. First impression is a very dingey looking asian joint, but that was quickly dismissed once we got the food. 

We ordered fried pork chop/rice and a hainan chicken/rice for only $4.95 each! Cant really go wrong! 

Serving size is great and tastes great as well. So good in fact we went back 2 days later. 

Great for anyone look for a cheap asian meal, dont expect the best thing ever. Might be abit hard to get to without a car.
OK so where to start! first of all don't let this little hidden gem sneak away from you! the setting is small nothing fancy but the fool.......AMAZING!!! I ordered the fried shrimp wontons, crispy flavorful and full of shrimp! That's right full of shrimp not cream cheese with scallion and shrimp sprinkled in but full of shrimp! wait did i say that already? for under $5 bucks its a steal. I ordered for my entree I ordered the house seafood soup which was  loaded with delicious seafood from shrimp, crab, fish cake and fish balls; i got mine with the rice noodles, pure perfection! definitely will be going back!
Interesting place with a variety of different dishes.

Prices are cheap, that's for sure, but they're definitely lacking in the flavor profiles of some dishes.

We ventured here for lunch and had a Shrimp Wonton Egg Noodle Soup, Hainan Chicken with Rice, Gai Lan with Garlic, and the Curry with Roti.

The Shrimp Wonton were OK, but nothing else special about the noodle soup.

Hainan Chicken lacked flavor and was dry.  The rice didn't have that great hainan chicken flavor to it and the sauces they gave were just a spicy sauce and what seemed to be the soy sauce chicken marinade.

The Gai Lan was good with lots of garlic.

The Curry with Roti might have had to be the best dish.

They were out of a lot of things, but not going to ding them on that.  I'm not sure if they even had the items, it would have changed my mind much.
The plaza this restaurant is in is full of amazing restaurants: Monta, Zen, Snowflake, and Trattoria Nakamura-ya. I knew eventually I'd have to give this one a shot, too. When LV Weekly did a writeup last week, I knew that time was coming quick.

Went in on a weekday evening around 8PM, only one other table was seated.
Immediately noticed the signage on the walls advertising seasonal specials and new menu items, and loved the prices. Went a bit hog-wild with the ordering: shrimp won ton soup with udon noodles, beef stew with oyster sauce, chinese broccoli with oyster sauce, and an order of salt and pepper wings. Actually included pictures for once, too.

Service was surprisingly friendly and attentive.
Food was great: the wonton soup was fabulous, the wonton skins used are not cheap and the quality is evident when you bite into the shrimp-packed parcels. Broth was very flavorful and had just a bit of a spicy kick to it. Strongly preferred the udon noodles we had with this dish to the ramen noodles that are your other option.
The beef stew was hearty and delicious, and the gravy had undertones of flavor that were reminiscent of pho. Not sure if they include bone broth in the gravy or if it's a particular aromatic, but the gravy had good flavor and the meat was tender.
Chinese broccoli was delicious, though I would have preferred more oyster sauce.
The salt and pepper wings? Very salty and very peppery. Pretty sure this is not a dish you could order by itself, as even to eat just three of them I had to space out bites of wing with that of other dishes- if you have HBP you might want to steer clear, as the salt in this dish was quite high.

BF also added on a mango pudding before we left: under $2 for a dessert that wasn't my thing, but served as a great creamy, cold palate cleanser, especially after those wings.

Love this plaza and all of the other businesses in it, definitely coming back to try other dishes here soon- but that won ton soup is likely to be my standby order!
Great place to come if you like good Chinese food on a budget. Also,love the shrimp wontons,crunchy on the outside tender on the inside...make sure to eat it when it is hot or else they will get soggy.lol.
Happy eating your fellow yelpie Terri xoxoxox
My favorites now are Thai Ong Choy made by the Lady cook, thin ribeye, steam chicken with veg & lupcheong, curry chicken with roti pancakes, ha nan chicken dark boneless, salt & pepper chicken wings. Satisfying and excellent value.
It was our first time here... But we'll definitely be back!!!! Simple delicious fast. Great service. Great choices. Can't wait to try the ong choy Thai style!
After reading all the rave reviews I was very disappointed after trying this place for the first time.  

Shrimp wontons were bland and a bit overcooked.  Chicken curry roti - the roti were a bit too greasy and the chicken curry came in a small cup which had many more potato chunks than chicken.  Hainan chicken came in a decent portion but very bland and a bit dry.  

Other than that the place was clean and service was great and friendly.  True a lot of the dishes were $5, but given the lack of taste I wouldn't mind pay a little more for better tasting food.
We were planning to eat in because it said they close at 11, but they said they were only taking orders to-go... but it was only 9:50. Not sure if they have different hours on Sundays but it wasn't indicated. 

We ordered the deep fried shrimp wontons and shrimp wonton soup. We were blown away! The soup was great, not oily or salty... and the wontons were addicting! We couldn't believe everything was under 9$. Majority of the food was around 4.95$! 

Can't wait to try and dine-in next time... we will definitely be back!
Big Don't. The server is very rude and there is only the one server. I'm tired of her rudeness. My family eats out a lot, all kinds of foods, but we will now stop going to Big Won't and their Big Waitress Attitude, she is always rude. She acts like she's Big Won and you're nothing won. She treats people like she hates her life or something. I have taken my family there for over 2 years or so, maybe once a month. She was rude starting day one, we ignore it, hoping that she becomes more polite. But she's the most horrible server.  Her energy is almost hateful. You have to make a loud noise to request any attention from her and sometimes that is not enough, she will ignore you talking to her sometime as well, and then you have to get up and go to her with any request, including if you want to order extra food. She never ask if you need anything, she acts like she's pissed off even when you try to pay. I feel a little sorry for the owner, she is costing him money because if people want to order extra food, his restaurant will profit more but the waitress always treats you like she's angry if you ask her for anything, including ordering or paying your bill. I guess losing profit is what he deserves, he's responsible for her being there. Her bad attitude is weird because it never change even though we keep being nice to her and even give her good tips, hoping she will realize what's going on but it doesn't work, she just always remains rude. Her disrespect, has never ended, so it's not worth the cheap food. We're done, she BIG FAILED, long time.
It's a small operation. Kind of like a "Hole in the wall" but the food was tasty. Great place for a lunch stop but not a place to bring a date or a business lunch if you want to impress. What it has going for it is it's inexpensive and quality is pretty good. Not a bad spot for lunch.
This restaurant has been on my bucket list for what seems forever.  The interior is small and dumpy - not a first date destination unless you are trying to send a message.  Staffing appeared to be a husband and wife with one other person in the kitchen.  My wife chose the shrimp wonton soup which was salty and pretty much devoid of flavor though the wontons were good.  I ordered the steamed chicken with mushrooms, Chinese sausage and choy som which was just okay.  We also shared a mango pudding that also was just okay.  Service was good and prices low, but I do not consider our meal a bargain because the food quality and ambiance were below average.
3.5 stars for hainan chicken w rice.  1 star for the curry beef brisket w rice.
Very friendly, good portions for cheap but food is very good and very tasty def a place to come back to
Fuck this restsurant what a fucking rude waitress not coming back hre u say tgank you u cant even get a respnse they can ubderstand english though ....
My roommates told me about this place, they had brought the shrimp Wontons. They brought some home and let me try it, I was hook. I ended up going to Big Wongs earlier today. I  order a few things. The shrimp wontons I order and then I order the fish balls, then the deep fried pork on white rice, then I order the beef noodle ramen. I'm not that impress. I see why it's cheap cause you get what you order from the price range. The beef ramen has a strange weird smell and taste. Its fresh but it just had that strange taste and smell. The fish balls wasn't real fish, it tasted very generic and fake, almost like a hot dog shape like balls, the texture is like the hotdog inside texture. The shrimp wontons are great as I said earlier, the deep fried pork on rice was good. I feel like I wasted money, I spent 24 dollars and I tip them 5 dollars and so altogether 27 dollars. The best thing I like was the food was packed pretty good, nothing will fall out. The food tasted fresh. The lady that took my order didn't have a personality but she wasn't rude and so that's good, a least she wasn't rude but no personality. I guess  this is a learning experience to be careful and do my research on a restaurant first before going over there. Lesson learn for me. It just sucks when you have your hopes up high, in hopes that you will get great food and then you eat the food, to find out the disappointment of wasting money and not enjoying the food that I order. I'm sure they have other great things on the menu but I won't ever be back at that place again. I tasted way better. A least there is some positives about this restaurant. I'm not going to even sweat the negatives thing, I just laugh and keep moving. I'm just thankful to have food. Life goes on, we learn, That's what makes us better people.
The food is only okie but all the good food all way run out in 2 hours so they open at 10 am to 11 pm do not come after 1:00pm because u never got ur good food ... So don't waste time if u want to come late... No point and u will be upset !! And the service is bad so per pair for that too!
A sweet little gem in Las Vegas.

Fantastic comfort food at great prices. By great prices, I mean "holy crap, that was so cheap and so good."

Worth the drive if you're into comfort Chinese food.
I love this place! It's low key, nothing fance, but dang good home style cooking. Been here every single time I set foot in Vegas. I've tried rice dishes, noodles, curry, and I love them all. The chicken wings and whatever fresh veggie they have is a must get everytime I'm here.
Food 3
Atmosphere 2
Service 2
Wait time (there was only us)
Price 4
No this is nothing fancy, neither were the flavors. In fact, the special seafood noodle soup was practically tasteless. I expected at least a little spice (had a chili pepper next to it), but the red colored soup was nothing but an illusion of blandness... A lot of toppings though I must say. But that did not make up for the runs I had after consuming 3/4 of the bowl...

The won ton egg noodle soup was the most bland I've ever had - and I had pretty high expectations since this is rated 4 stars on Yelp - disappointing. Everything was subpar except for the shrimp won tons.

If you're looking for dirt cheap food and don't care about the quality, then this is your place. There are definitely other places nearby that serve much better quality and authentic food. 

I can't believe how highly this is rated... maybe it's the noodle soups that suck.
Solid Chinese food. The reason I five star is because of the prices. Can't find these prices anywhere else for quality of food. Try it out. Good comfort Chinese food.
I've been here twice. It's nothing special. Prices are dirt cheap. There is only one wait person and only a couple people in the kitchen. Only 1-2 other groups when I came. Here's what I ordered:

Hainan Chicken 5
Salt & Pepper Chicken Wings 2
Roti 3
Wonton Noodle Soup 3

Reminded me of home cooking - which I sorely missed.
Truly excellent food for the price. The $5 ong Choy is actually as good as you can get it at any price. Service is inconsistent but that's kind of a Chinatown thing and hard to complain at this price. I try to stop in a couple times a week at least.  Try the salt and pepper chicken, poached chicken (in soy sauce). All very good!
Great find for a late night dinner after shows.  Their shrimp and shrimp wonton "hoi fun " soup was delicious.  A family of 6 - total tab was $45 before taxes. Don't expect too much service because they are short on staff but the food and prices offsets that.
Dim sum was acceptable but not great. Fried taro was bland. The hat how was fine , too, but not great. Nothing was really warm. The servers were friendly and so were the hosts.  The small beef dumplings were ok but , again, not so tasty.
The shrimp wonton soup is the best thing here. And that's about it.
Simple but delicious, quick Chinese. Hai Nam chicken with rice! Most likely will come back to try the great and inexpensive menu and not bad service.
I was not impressed by this place at all. The food was simply not good. Everyone In our party got different dishes so we could try a variety of Items on the menu. Sad to say, that we could barely even finish them. I get it, it's cheap but even that can't compensate for quality and flavor.
It has been some time since I had visited this plaza. In between visits, the previous business had been replaced by Island. Looking over the menu and around the restaurant, not too much has changed. 

Wanting to break the monotony of the same cuisine with one of my friends, I had suggested coming here. The large restaurant was steady, but nowhere near full capacity. 

Both of us were hungry enough to get an appetizer to share, and individual entrees. To start, I had ordered the crispy pork intestines for us. They were not quite crispy, but they were melt in your mouth. Unlike most intestine I have had, this one was stuffed with green onions and then fried until the outer layer was golden brown like the skin of a roasted duck. The hoisin style and chili sauce complimented the meat while the pickled diakon and carrots helped cleanse the palate of greasy. I followed this up with the ginger scallion duck with rice. You can get a full order, for $12, but I don't think it comes with rice. Plus no matter how hungry I am, I couldn't eat a family portion on my own. So for $7-$8, it was a good serving. Now this is where Island started to lose me. The dish was rather bland. Normally I don't complain about that in Asian food, but with strong flavors such as ginger and scallions, it should be more prevalent and bold. The pieces of meat were the bonier pieces over the rib cage, so most of my time was spent picking off bits of meat. What I did get off of the bone was dry. My friend got the BBQ pork fried rice and Malaysian coffee. He seemed to be happy with his order. 

The food warrants three stars, but the service made me want to move it to a four. All the servers here were attentive to our water glasses and as soon as food was placed on the counter, it was moving towards a table. 

Like the previous review, make sure to bring cash, because cards are not accepted at the moment.
I've never had Malaysian food, so we walked in with no expectations. No clue if this is authentic, but seems like a toned down/less flavorful version of Thai. 

We were pretty overwhelmed by their huge menu of over 130 items. They have a regular menu with descriptions and also a binder with pictures. Kind of cute they have decent pics with little cliparts of whatever kind of animal meat is in it on the side. We would look at the descriptions then look up the pictures by #. This process took a long time and we ended up with #49 captains noodles and #70 Kari ayam.

Captains noodles is mixed flat and thin rice noodles w soy sauce, baby bok choy, chicken and shrimp. It was just ok, pretty bland but shrimp tastes fresh and the fried onions on top went really well somehow. I probably wouldn't order it again because of the blandness. The chicken curry was also bland and fyi they charge $1 for a small bowl of rice (which wasn't mentioned) but you have the choice of regular rice, chicken (cooked in broth) or coconut. I'm not a fan of Asian restaurants that charge for rice, especially not when they don't mention the charge up front. 

Mango sticky rice was good. A little different from Thai places in that they add coconut milk and sesame seeds. 

I'm open to trying this place again, maybe we just chose the wrong things. But this was a really underwhelming first impression. They do accept credit cards now, but not Amex.
This restaurant used to be called Penang. I think they just change their name after renovation. I mean all the staff are the same and the owner probably is the same, they just change the name.

The food and the menu seems the same. I mean they still have my favorite from yesteryear. The nasi lemak, the hainan chicken rice and the roti chanai.

All and all, I was pissed when they closed down for renovation, luckily I come back just in time to satisfy my nasi lemak craving. Next time I am gonna try some other stuff. Now that I live in Las Vegas, I can just keep coming back and try all their menu.
We were worried when we saw the Grand Opening sign.  I said, Uh Oh, our favorite place is gone.  Every time we visit Las Vegas, we spend most of our meals here- at this gem of Malaysian cuisine that we can't get as good anywhere else.  Serious!  Who would go anywhere 3 meals in a row unless they were nutz about the food?!

So this place used to be called Penang and we had been coming here for a few years.  We look forward to eating all the foods we can't get back home.  Despite the Grand Opening sign, we decided to try it out since we already had Malaysian food on our minds.  Low and behold, we walk in, and it's the same wait staff and chef with whom we were so familiar with.  Apparently the chef is now the owner (thought he was the owner before) so we were quite relieved!  We don't even know what their names are, but we are definitely their biggest fans.  When we show up, they already know which dishes we want.  Now that's personal service!

The restaurant is spacious, very clean and comfortable.  The wife of the chef is the waitress and she's warm and friendly!

Here's what we have and recommend.  By the way, they have 150 menu items and we said we'll try them all, eventually.  

Wine chicken soup:  Oooooh, just like how my mom used to make.  This is so amazing.  The flavors in each of their dishes is so delish!

Bak Kut Teh- Chinese Herbal soup.  I don't know if there are medicinal benefits to this soup, but it sure is yummy!

Satay tofu- tofu stuffed with beansprouts and peanuts with peanut dipping sauce.  Yum!

Roti telur- this homemade roti is stuffed with egg and onions and very tasty. 

Roti canai- light fluffy homemade pancake served with chicken curry sauce

Homemade tofu- love love love this dish.  So tasty!

Char kway teow- fried flat noodles kind of like chow fun, with shrimp and squid.

Clay pot noodles- crispy fried noodles with seafood in clay pot with sauce.

Pearl noodles- another dish just like how mom used to make.

Pangang stripe bass- this fish can be made any way and we chose this authentic malaysian dish steamed in banana leaf.

Chicken rice- this is so yummy and such a simple dish, and sooo yummy!

For dessert, we had mango and sticky rice and ice kachang which is like a malaysian snow cone with red beans, grass jelly, jelly, condensed milk, and corn.  Very yummy.

They also have crab if you order ahead of time and they can cook it any way you want.  

The only thing bad about this place is when we get home, we always gained weight, so exercise, here we come!  

Island Malaysian Cuisine is a MUST TRY if you enjoy malaysian food like we do (and I'm not even malaysian but I am a FOODIE)!  Trust me, this is authentic Malaysian Singaporean Chinese cuisine.  We hope to enjoy many more years of feasting here and trying everything on their extensive menu (with pictures too)!
Me and my coworkers went here lunch..It is quite specious and clean restaurant. We order Roti for appetizer's was quite good. There lunch portions are HUGE...couple of people can share one order and it should have been sufficient. 

I would love to come back here again.
Great food, friendly staff.. Im from Singapore and this is the closest I've gotten - foodwise.. Reasonable prices too! A MUST GO! they have a website too. http://islandmalaysiancuisine.weebly.com
Just glad we still have a descent malaysian restaurant around.  For those of you that remembered Banana Leave, it was my favorite malaysian place.  When it suddenly closed its doors I was emotionally  devasted  and have been searching for a new malaysian favorite. Island Malaysian has stepped up to fill that void.
Wow!  Island is so good; a bit of Malaysia & Singapore in Las Vegas!  Island is the same food as Penang.  The same owners with the same good food.  The decor has been updated with an island motif.
  
We tried a new dish - Stingray in curry - OMG! So tasty with the right amount of spice.  We ordered our old favourites - 1/2 order of Hainanese Chicken, Beef Rendang, Okra Belachan, Chicken rice and for dessert, we had the Ice Kachang.  We were also treated with a free Banana & Coconut pudding.  

Will be back for more!
Better than Penang.  Roti canai, one of my favorite dishes, hits the mark.
My boyfriend and I love this place! We are regulars now. The food there is delicious and the waitress is really nice.
First time trying Malaysian food with my boyfriend and I must say that food here is really good. We got the Kang Kung belacan along with whole grilled fish with shrimp paste sauce and dungeoness crab all the food that we got was really delicious. I will definitely come back here again.
Big fan of Malaysian food.  It's heavy, rich, and it's like morphing Chinese and Indian together.  

This place has a Cheesecake Factory-esque menu but at least they provide pictures of every item for any Malaysian virgin.   

The Roti Canai is crispy, flaky, and is the Malaysian equiivalent to Naan. They serve this alongside a small bowl of chicken curry although there are only just a few pieces.

I love the Hainanese Chicken and all the noodle dishes.  The vegetables (okra or ong choy)  in Belecan sauce makes eating veggies super easy....probably second to being fried for those who don't like veggies.

The fried salt and pepper shrimp are enormous.  For I believe $20, you get over a dozen huge prawns.

Last, the coconut jello does not dissapoint as it comes with the coconut for you to take home.  Go in a group of at least 4+ people, order 1.25 dishes per person and share to have the full experience.
I first encountered Island Malaysian Cuisine over at the 1st annual Asian Food Festival at The Orleans on October 1st and 2nd. I tried them because the roti that the owner, Steven, was spreading out, looked thin, airy, and bouncy, before it was pounded onto the griddle by one of his minions and made into a thick and non-fluffy and non-airy dough.

Of course, I gave them the benefit of the doubt, and am absolutely glad that I did, because I really enjoyed the food at their restaurant. If you want a really traditional dish, you should try their 

Assam Laksa: noodle soup with a broth made from fish and lemongrass. They do a great job of using the freshest ingredients and keep it warm in a clay pot for you. 

Mee Goreng: mee going crazy... slightly sweet, slightly sour, slightly spicy noodles and we chose chicken as the protein to go with the dish, but they have other offerings such as beef and shrimp.

String beans were so fresh, I thought they just picked it out of the ground. The string beans were plump and juicy and went well with the slightly spicy dried scallop and dried shrimp sauce.

Also, I extremely enjoyed the 

Roti Canai: with their chunks of potatoes and chicken. The roti was really fluffy and airy and the best I've ever had. Then Steven and his wife, Tess, told me about an off-menu item that they were thinking about adding to the menu.

It's called the 

Roti Tissue: The second time I went to the restaurant, I tried it. It is absolutely amazing. I have no words for this dish. To describe what it actually is, well, it's crispy thin roti sprinkled with sugar with curry on the side to dip pieces of the giant "Tissue" into. Just break off any crazy-size you want. When it came out, we were wowed by the tent-shaped looking dish. This is a must-try!!! 

To finish the second night, I tried the Ice Kachang, which I also had at the Asian Food Festival. The ice kachang is $1 more for ice cream, which we got. It was really delicious and the syrup that they use is awesome. At the Asian Food Festival, I also tried the Coconut Jelly. This is one of the best desserts I have ever tried. It is not too sweet, the texture is awesome, and because real coconut comes with the jelly, it is very deliciously balanced.

I will definitely be back to try the rest of their dishes. Their service was also really good and I loved hearing about how they ended up opening at the former Penang space. Their ambience is casual with a tried-for island feel with two orange barrels and a metal top as a counter, some metal hot air balloons as lights, and a giant and beautiful painting of a sandy shore-side view out into the ocean with palm trees help any uptight person relax. I also saw that they have a roadrunners.com sticker on their window, so I'm sure they deliver.
totally worth it.  came in here twice in four days.. which says a lot given all the good food available in LV. 

Some hits and misses, but i cant say much about the misses because this is a Singaporean's take, and the cuisine can differ some across the causeway. Also, the restaurant IS called island Malaysian..

also, for those wondering about its similarities to Penang (the restaurant chain)-- the waitress said that it used to be a Penang chain but then other people bought it out.. so i guess the decor and the recipes via the cooks were retained? 

but: 

1) sambal kangkong-- good ratio of leaves vs stems. sambal sauce was a little too thin for my liking, but i think it's a Malaysian thing. 

2) Char Kuay Tiao: Delicious to the max!! fried soft white noodles with fresh prawns and bean sprouts.. hmmm. they dont skimp on the bean sprouts either! but seriously, what is it with LV and awesomely fresh bean sprouts?! Kinh Do served up some super bean sprouts too. Our table of 7 inhaled 3 servings. 

3) Roti Canai: We had 4 servings.  crispy and chewy dough.. Curry was spot on authentic. Enough said. 

4) Hainanese chicken was meh.. at least they stuffed the bottom with fresh cucumber slices

5) mee goreng was pretty good.. very malaysian styled though, ie sweet, a tad mushy, and with fried dough pieces in it

6) house-made toufu was pretty sweet!  At this point we were so stuffed, but you could definitely taste and feel that the toufu was artisan-made and not from a factory. 

7) Barley drink-- great because it was tasty and not too sweet (critical, since other places would pour on the sugar syrup and then dilute the whole thing) but personally, ratio of barley grains to liquid in the glass was a tad off. 

8) ice kacang!! had it during our first meal there.  the waitress was so sweet.. I asked if it was possible to have more attap chee pieces cuz when i was young, my sis and i would fight perpetually over it, and she laughed and said that she'll put 5 pieces in it-- one for every person at our table! that's great service. 

I swear we ate several other dishes, but at this point in time.. my mind is still fixated on the roti canai and char kuay tiao.. LOL

anyone craving straits cuisine-- GO!!!
By the time we came here, we were hangry. We tried two other places and either they were closed or too busy. That means this place had to come through or we would have flip their tables like Chinese gangster style (maybe not that exaggerated)

We ordered the roti, the first noodle soup dish and lamb. Being hungry, we devoured each dish before the next came out. The Roti was not fried so it was not greasy. I rather liked it more this way. It also came with a bowl of curry for dipping. There was a piece of chicken and potato in the bowl. For less than $5, it was really awesome.
The noodle dish was good and had a seafood flavor like Big Wong's shrimp soup. What I didn't like about the noodle dish is I think it was spaghetti noodles, and I usually like soft noodle but these were almost mushy. The lamb was not gamey and had all this brown sauce over it. When I see that I think it would be too salty but it was actually perfect in flavor. These are not flavors I am used I'm not even sure what they used to make it with. We finished everything. 

What I didn't like was their tea. It was supposed to be Jasmine but they were flavorless bags of tea. 

We will come back to try the rest of their menu.
I am a Malaysian who lives in Tampa, Florida and is always on the look-out for authentic Malaysian restaurants whenever I visit other cities. When I was in LV last month I discovered Island Malaysian Cuisine, and can confidently pronounce it one of the best and most authentic restaurants serving Malaysian food in the US. Among the dishes I liked are: curry mee, char koay teow, Hainan chicken rice, nasi lemak, roti canai, satay, coconut pudding and peanut pancake. Outstanding were the lobak and chendol which were as good as back in Penang, Malaysia. We ended up going there for lunch on three different occasions and twice for dinner during the week we were in LV. The ikan bilis sambal, and chicken rendang were also excellent. Another outstanding dish was the ladies fingers (okra) stir fried with sambal udang, which was incredibly good. I only wish I had more time to try out their other dishes but since I and my wife spent a lot of time visiting the nearby national parks outside LV, we were not able to do so. The service was excellent and the waitress was very nice about making recommendations since we invited some Taiwanese friends for dinner, who had never tried Malaysian cuisine before, and we wanted a combination of dishes that complement each other for a comprehensive meal. You cannot beat this restaurant for authenticity, and we hope that they will continue to flourish, as we expect to return again and again! Their lunch specials for under $5 is also unbeatble for value. BHK.
4.5 Stars:
The Basil Chicken as delicious and the #71 chicken ayam renda was even better! The Ayam chicken was cooked in a Red curry sauce that reminded me of an Indian curry and Thai Panang curry combination with less coconut milk. The sauce on the Ayam had a hint of sweet and just the right amount of Spicy. 

This is a really good find and I can't wait to try out the rest of the Menu.
My boyfriend def. enjoyed this place more than I did. The food to me was mediocre and the service, although was good, was a bit difficult when I had to ask the server multiple times for hot sauce because he couldn't understand english. I'll go back when I'm in Vegas again but probably because my boyfriend wants to go.
We are Malaysian's living in the US.  Was in Las Vegas on vacation.  Decided to check out Island Malaysian Cuisine since Penang is now closed  for some taste of home. We ordered, Hokkien Mee and Chow Fun with gravy.  Total disappointment.  Hokkien Mee is suppose to be the thick yellow noodles, they used the skinny yellow noodles like you would have in Curry Laksa.  There was not much flavor.  The Chow Fun was eh...better than the Hokkien Mee. I'm not saying not to try Island Malaysian, just don' t order the Hokkien Mee and Chow Fun with gravy. Walked by a table that had Chow Kwe Teow and it looked awesome.  Should have ordered that instead. Totally disappointed with our meals.
Eat here every time I come to LV, Good Food
To all Malaysians and Singaporean, locals or tourists, do not miss out!

I'm not only saying that because the food is great but also because worried it may not be around for too long.  I think it may be the location but I'm hoping sites like this can direct folks here

We have living in Vegas for several years. We seem to only go back for 2 dishes :D - char koay teow and seafood chow fun (aka wa tan hor to locals).  The stuff tofu appetizer is also great.
Fell in love since the first time I saw the sign!
There aren't many MALAYSIAN food places around Vegas, so I may be a little biased. I have never had any authentic Malaysian food either, so... I guess this may be going out on a whim, BUT... my experience here has been amazing!

They have an EXTENSIVE menu, and then a separate binder that has PICTURES... of EVERYTHING on the menu! Seriously, that made our selection process 50x easier! 

I can't remember everything we've had, but I know that the coconut rice is a must get, and so is the Roti Canai. YUM. 

Malaysian spices are more defined than Thai, since they use less coconut milk. I want to say that it's closer in taste to Indian cuisine, but not as bold. 

Anyway, the interior is very themed, and they have a little mini-pool set for children to play. On top of that, the service was beyond amazing.

The owner, which is also a server and cashier (but her name slips my mind... UGHH!) was extra nice, and VERY patient with us when we were making selections, and was not shy to offer her opinions on what we might like, and suggestions as well. 

Awesome place with great service and good food!
Yaye! I found a Malaysian restaurant in Vegas and I'm super excited and happy about it!  It doesn't top my favorite Layang Layang from Cupertino, CA, but it will do.

1 star = for the Roti Canai bread.  Their curry sauce comes with potatoes and meat in it.  Awesome!  You can never really go wrong with this bread, but I'm sure glad that they have it!  

2 stars = chicken curry.  At first I told my friends...really?  We're ordering Chicken Curry? LOL. But it was actually quite tasty, and  even though the soup base was a tad on the watery side, it exploded with flavor!

3 stars = Char Kway Teow. It comes with an abundance of egg which I love!

4 stars = for their picture menu!  If you don't know what to order because you're unsure of what is in it, or how it is cooked, or how it looksl ike, they have a picture menu for your to look.  Dude.  Best idea ever!

Lacks the 5th star because the Sizzling Beef we ordered was super salty, and the Mango with Sweet Rice was a little off (rice was a bit hard, coconut sauce was watery, and the mango wasn't the right texture).

I'll definitely coming back for more!  The prices here don't burn your pockets either! Yes!

Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (57/365).
We stopped by for dinner on a Friday evening. Not busy, so the service was prompt and friendly.

We ordered the roti canai, kari ayam, chicken flavored rice and noodles with salty fish. The food was very delicious and reasonably priced. 

We'd ordered too much food for two people and I was eating too much, but I didn't want to stop! It was very flavorful and satisfying.

Definitely a good place for some wholesome tasting food.
This place is incredible! My husband and I were looking around for a Malaysian place in Las Vegas and this is about the only Malaysian Restaurant here. The food is so fresh and delicious and cheap! The people are so friendly and very knowledgeable.. We have been here a few times now and keep going back as I have cravings and always want to try new dishes here. Just go. You'll love it!
What makes me the most disappointed about having to give this restaurant only 2 stars is that our dining experience started off so well!

The roti canai was excellent! Perfect, crispy texture. The curry sauce was very hearty and even included a piece of meat!

Then, our entrees came.

The Ginger Scallion Duck turned out okay. The sauce tasted a little weird and didn't complement the duck very well. We ate a few pieces and just lost our appetite for it.

The Malaysia Buddha vegetable stir-fry seemed to have been just thrown together haphazardly with some hoisin sauce and vinegar.

We weren't impressed by the coconut rice either. The rice was mushy and came with a weird stringy substance.

Our total meal came out to $30 including tip/tax. We definitely did not feel like we got our money's worth. Maybe it would've been safer to just stick with the curries.
I came to Island Malaysian Cuisine for the first time last night and was pleasantly surprised!

We were wanting to try something new and we saw an ad for Island Malaysian in a magazine. Of course I looked it up on Yelp and was drawn in to the delightful, yummy-looking pictures.

It's located in a giant Chinatown stripmall (by the Chinese grocery store). The decor inside is surprisingly cute, very island-y and clean. The big plastic, orange chopsticks are fun too. The menus also come with a large black binder, it reminded me of a karaoke book. Inside are numbered pictures of all the dishes, which correspond with the numbers in the menu.

We ordered:

-Lychee juice
-Fresh young coconut
-Roto canai
-Basil noodles
-Spicy beef with side of cucumbers
-Peanut bread dessert
-Mango sticky rice dessert

Deelish! The lychee juice tastes refreshing and is not overly sweet. I will upload a picture. I loved the roto canai "tissue" bread. Tearing off pieces and dipping it in to the little bowl of curry that comes with it was lovely. Great flavor and texture.

The basil noodles were marked as spicy in their menu but (blame my Korean palate) I definitely could have taken it a lot more spicier. I will just have to ask for it extra spicy next time. The peanut bread was crushed peanuts with honey and butter inside the "tissue" breading. Not overly sweet but very tasty.

Service was good, the middle-aged woman who sat us and served us was really friendly and helpful.

I will definitely be back to try more Malaysian dishes!
I went to this place twice on my recent visit to Vegas. As a Malaysian, I find their food to be authentic and delicious. The customer service is also excellent. They don't nickel and dime you for every little thing. I ordered ABC and asked for a substitute of the cendol instead of the red bean, and they did it for me free of charge. I will surely stop by here again anytime I go to Vegas.
Was recommended this from a fellow dinner at Big Wong (across the street), so we thought we come by for the the hamione Chicken Rice.  We also tried the Coconut Fried Rice and Kwak somthing (stir fry noodle with shrimp and bean sprouts). My wife liked this place and advise it differs from Big Wong's but I personally like Big Wong more, thus the 3 Stars... My Wife on the other hand like this place more so.. you can decide.  The hamione Rice was excellent, a little different than BW but very good just the same. The Coconut fried rice as well as the Kwak were very bland and not as flavorful.
The only place in the city that I know of that makes Roti Canai. 

I love Malaysian food because it's pretty much Chinese food with an Indian twist. Island Malaysian Cuisine has all the Malaysian dishes I love, and sadly it's the only Malaysian restaurant in Vegas. I always get the Roti Canai, which is the Indian-style flatbread with chicken curry as a dipping sauce. The Roti is always made fresh, and comes out steaming hot and wrapped up on a plate. The chicken curry is oily  and only has 1 piece of chicken and potato, but it goes together so well with the Roti that I'm not complaining. I also like their Mee Goreng, which is fried  noodles mixed with shrimp, meat, tofu, potatoes, bean sprouts, chili sauce, and peanuts (sort of like Pad Thai).

The restaurant is owned and operated by a family, and the menu is very expansive. There's a picture book showing each item on the menu, which can be very helpful for new customers. I'm a bit surprised at the small amount of traffic they get though. Every time I come in for lunch or dinner, out of the 20 or so tables, only 3 or 4 are occupied. I wish more people would try this place out because it's definitely something different from the usual Chinese or Vietnamese restaurants you see all over Chinatown.
We went to check out the place because it's one of the few Malaysian restaurants in Vegas. We thought the food was decent but nothing special. The waiter was totally not helpful in making recommendation. Good comfort food but expensive for what you get. The place was practically empty for lunch and the whole plaza where it is located was empty too.
I've always wanted to try this restaurant after I made a trip to Singapore; I have to say, it's not exactly the same, but close enough.

I ordered the char kway teow, which is very similar to beef with flat noodle, or chow fun.  My friend ordered the pineapple fried rice, which is a staple dish of the region.  Both had good portions and flavorful, but my favorite part was when I saw a stripped coconut bring brought out to the table in front of us as a drink.  I had to order it.

So I walked out of the restaurant carrying the whole coconut, sipping as if I was at some tropical island.  Only $3.  At most Thai places, you'll get Thai tea for $2.50, WITHOUT refills.

The service was great, too.  I was picking the green onions out of the dish (I like my food cooked with them, but not eating it), and the waitress said she'd remember to take it out next time I order it.  Will she really remember?  Doubt it, but we'll see- I'll come back another time.
Excellent all the way around. Fantastic, friendly, attentive service. Very informative menu (binder w/pictures!). 

Started with the tissue roti (see picture). Over 2 ft. tall, makes an impression when it arrives. What you don't know is that it has a light coating of sugar on the inside! Its addictively tasty by itself, but interesting when combined with the accompanying curry dipping sauce. (Also handy as dessert if you still have it hanging around after your entrees are polished off). 

Speaking of entrees - we had the shrimp char kway teow (with mushrooms subbed for squid) and the beef red curry. Both were incredible. The red curry I have to say is the perfect winter dinner -it arrives still bubbling-cauldron-hot, and is rich, warming and satisfying. Get a side of rice to go with. The shrimp char kway teow - will get this again. Wasn't greasy, good flavor and a great choice if you want something not sauced. I'm betting its more of a healthy option, relatively speaking. Fabu! 

To top it off, the prices are super reasonable, and downright cheap if you're coming from eating on The Strip.
Roti Canai and Khari Mee were really nice.  It took us a while to figure out what to order (so many choices that we were interetsed in) but everything that came out was great.
Their rice game here is ridiculous. 

My BFs grandma grew up in Indonesia and that cuisine isn't really available anywhere, but Malaysia shares many similarities so we thought to bring her here. She ended up not coming, but the BF,my MIL and I went. I kinda know a bit about Malay food, but they have a picture menu binder they give people as well as a regular text menu which was helpful. 

We ordered: 

BBQ Pork fried rice - it had really nice flavor, the bbq pork was sweet and succulent and the rice was really soft and fluffy, not greasy at all. My only critique about this is that it had large slices of red onion which would have been okay well cooked, but it was a bit raw.

Rendang Ayam- I'm a big fan of the bold thick rendang and this one was definitely hitting the mark in flavor. This is a bone- in, skin on chicken so it was more flavorful with that, but it makes it a bit messy to eat. The portion was about half a chicken so they give you a sizable amount. I will be ordering this again, but with a red meat as I think that holds rendang flavors well. 

Captains Noodles - we got it w/o shrimp for the MIL but it was still good. These are saucy noodles, swimming in a sweet soy based sauce which was good but maybe a bit sweet for me. 

One thing I oddly have to rave about is their rice. Their fried rice and plain white rice was so soft and fluffy and well seasoned. It's harder to achieve than you would think to hit that mark, but I love it when I could find it. I only keep brown rice at home now, so it's a rare treat to find good white rice when eating out. 

This is a halal place and so the meats reflect that. The chicken will be more "chicken-y" as this isn't your big farm mass produced usual chicken. 

We ordered grandma food to-go. Chicken satay was rather small, but decent enough. It is really sweet though so we did a bit like "thai style" and dip a little vinegar onto them to balance it out. She wanted kari ayam curry but with fried tofu and they accommodated it for us. It was alright, rather tangy of a curry. I wasn't a fan and neither was she though, but it might just not be in our taste. 

Service was decent here. Our drinks were refilled before they got were empty. 

Now I want more fluffy rice.
This place gets a stamp of authenticity from me and did I tell you we are picky about our local food? It's as Singaporean/Malaysian as it gets based on the few dishes I ordered. 

I agree with some of the other reviews - for people who are not familiar with SG/MY food the pictures would be really helpful. While they may sometimes look like Indonesian/Thai food, the flavors are very distinctive. 

Started off with the roti canai and I was pleasantly surprised that it's not the flat crispy frozen kinds served in most malaysian restaurants. It's thick like the real ones. The curry chicken that came with it was good too. I was also quite pleased that they had the penang yong tau foo, which is a dish with curry/laksa gravy and an assortment of tofu skin or veggies stuffed with fish paste. I asked for noodles with it. 

Kangkong belacan was good, and husband ordered a teochew style steam fish, which was alright.  If I'm ever in LV again I'll definitely come by again.
I love their curry dishes. My favorite has to be the Roti with curry chicken but I wished they gave you more than 1 minuscule piece of chicken.  We've only been here four times and we haven't been disappointed yet.
Awesome tasting restaurant.
Away from the strip, in a little Chinatown.
Very reasonable (maybe, cheap) pricing for the quantity.

we ordered:
Tom Yum soup: Was decent... it's a thai soup in Malaysian restaurant: ordered just so that my Parents could taste our favorite soup :-)
Roti Telur with Potato soup: Awesome (both roti telur and the potato soup).
Roti Canai with Chicken soup: Good, but the chicken soup was awesome
Salted Fish Fried Rice: Awesome.
Egg Fried Rice: this was a disappointment, but this dish wasn't in the menu...we should have asked for Veggie Fried Rice with egg

Very good service.
Very helpful menu with pictures of everything.
Amazing food.  Fried fish and roti are a must try. If you haven't tried malay food it is a cross between chinese and indian cuisine...  Just like the people.

Craving it now.
The roti canai and char kway teow were great. The Hokkien char mee was OK but if I ordered it again, I'd ask for more spice. We also got a fresh coconut to slurp and munch on.

The staff was friendly and it was easy to get refills and order additional dishes (mmm satay) without feeling compelled to rush through dinner. We were dining a bit late on a Friday and there was no wait.

When dinner was over the check came and it was such a cheap meal for a couple gluttons. We were transported to Malaysia, for the length of our meal, for much less than a plane ticket.
I met someone who raved about this place so my sister and I came here today to try it out. We thought the seats were really uncomfortable and cold if you aren't wearing pants while sitting on them. But decor aside, we ordered three items as followed:

Green curry with vegetables and tofu: something is off with this dish but I don't know what. I had to add a bit of salt and sugar to it since its was so bland and not as viscous as I'd like it to be. A curry dish should be slightly thicker, more flavorful and with less mushy vegetables like eggplants. At $13, this dish failed hardcore. How disappointing!

Seafood combination fried rice: this is good but I can't imagine screwing up fried rice. I can make this at home in less than 15 minutes. 

Anchovies in shrimp paste with onions : the seasoning is perfect but they used too much sauce so this dish was really wet and soggy. I would like to see it dryer and with less onions. 

Overall, I don't think I will come back here...
Lynn and I ate lunch today at Island Malaysian Cuisine in Las Vegas. I had the Satay Tofu and Fried Shrimp with Black Pepper (spicy). Lynn had roti canai for a starter and a vegetable plate. She also had mangos with sticky rice for dessert. I drank mango juice. Malay food, if you are not familiar with it, is characteristically southeast Asian without being too spicy. Give it a try. This is an excellent restaurant with prompt and friendly service. It's about a mile and a half from the Strip. The food is about a thousand times better than the crap they serve on the Strip and 50% the cost. Here is the web site: http://www.bing.com/local/details.aspx?lid=YN609x401676488&qt=yp&what=island+malaysian+cuisine&where=Las+Vegas%2C+Nevada&s_cid=ansPhBkYp02&mkt=en-us&q=island+malaysian+cuisine+las+vegas&qpvt=island+malaysian+cuisine+las+vegas&FORM=LARE
My friend and I visited this out of the way Malaysian restaurant when I got a longing for some beef randang.  From outside the place is rather modest, on the second floor of a small oriental mall at the far end of Spring Mountain.   Inside, it is also modest, with a band stand, and a pool table, suggesting it is a hangout for local Malaysians rather than a tourist spot.

From the first bite of the Roti Canai, a chicken, potato appetizer served in a coconut curry sauce, we sensed we were on to a winner.  It was so good we immediately ordered a second helping.  I'm a tofu fan, and enjoyed the stuffed tofu pockets.   We had 3 main courses, beef randang, char kway, mee siam - each was outstanding.

We highly recommend this restaurant, and look forward to many more visits to come.
My wife and I decided to venture away from the strip and try a place in the Chinatown area.  She's lived in China, so we are used to the real deal Chinese food and spice.

The service was friendly and really attentive.

We started with the Roti Canai after reading yelp reviews.  The roti was served warm.  It really tasty and seemed fresh.  It was served with a great chicken curry dipping sauce.

I had the Rendang Ayam (chicken curry).  it was most of a bone on chicken.  no vegetables, but it was a good sauce.  Its not very spicy, but it was flavorful.

My wife had the shrimp char kway teow.  It was good: similar to pad thai, but it was a little bland.  We both preferred the chicken dish.

We wanted to try the mango sticky rice after the reviews, but we were told Mangos were out of season (in April).  We opted for the banana pancake, which is similar to a crepe with warm slices of bananas rolled inside it.  it was good, but really sweet.
Authentic Malaysian food! Price is good, food is good. Plus it looks like a family-owned small business...I like the fact that my money may go towards a little boy's education.
Service :  5 stars ! 
Food : average ... 

To be honest, the service was great. Although,  ive tasted much better malaysian food. Roti canai is my favorite dish usually, & I wasnt impressed with theirs. Curry was okay, & the noodles we got .. ehhhh, its okay too.
id give it a lower star but the service was incredible.
This is just a review based on their service and how we were treated there. Our party of 3 arrived at the same time as this huge table apparently. We had our orders ready within minutes and waved to the waiter. He kept acknowledging us but took forever to come. They served us water, which was real prompt and encouraging that it'd be a good meal experience. Finally, the waiter comes and asks us for our order, we give him 3 items. He comes back within a few seconds and tells us their kitchen will be really busy right now and our food will take approximately 30 minutes to come. They had put in the large table order in the kitchen before ours. We got up and left, because we were already behind schedule to leave. But seriously, what kind of business does that?!?! It was 12pm, they should expect the kitchen to be busy!! It's peak lunch hour for goodness sakes! At least they were honest and told us it would take forever for the food to come out. Other places I've been to make it work, but in my opinion, this place indirectly told us to leave or wait an hour for our food. That's how my mind translated what the waiter told us.
3 stars but might be me. Im not sure if Malaysian Cuisine is my thing. Im not s spicy girl and Im allergic to shrimp so kind of changed the flavor of the dishes. I will say the curry puffs were good- just a little too spicy for me. I also got the basil noodles, and the captians noodles. Roti and lychee drink. The lychee drink- soooo good. 

Service amazing- just fantastic.

Overall I think its worth trying this place- I came here to experience something new and I enjoyed my experience. The restaurant is very cute, decorated nicely. Like I said I might just not be a Malaysian food kind of gal.
I like this restaurant. Great food, really friendly service. I don't understand why it's so empty. I got there on Saturday around 1:30pm but there are only 3 occupied tables including mine. Maybe it's the location or not many people familiar with Malaysian food.

We ordered, fish head noodle soup, nasi lemak, Kway teow and roti telur...all good. I will be back whenever I miss my Indonesian food and don't feel like cooking.
If you want a GREAT meal, especially if you have a massive hangover, here it is: 

Roti Canai (better get two) 

Kari Mee with shrimp (noodle soup - add fried tofu, get some limes) - my most FAVORITE soup in the world  

Young Coconut drink

Probably my favorite meal. 

Service is usually great -  good people, sometimes it gets busy but oh well, that's the nature of business. 

ENJOY!!
i found this gem through Groupon. they are fantastic! very delicious food, prepped/cooked fresh, tons of selection to please any SE Asian palate and best of all: excellent attentive customer service! i have had the fish fillets prepped with House Special Sauce-amazingly light, flaky fish coated with light batter, the sauce is not heavy, and it comes on top of bed of fresh , crisp lettuce. i took my boss and 2 other co-workers here 1 week later to introduce them to REAL Malaysian/Singaporean cuisine.  we brought our own wine(restaurant only serves limited selection of beer), they only charge $5/per open bottle fee. very reasonable. kitchen is visible from the dining area and you can watch the chefs prep/cook your food. they will do any sauce on the side. we had : Roti(a MUST try: so light, it is like Naan, but thinner, with crispy edges!+it comes with mild curry sauce w/little drumstick), chicken curry(just right!), Latksa(truly delicious), samosa(it was gone in less than 2 mins! ), pineapple fried rice (unlikely combo ,but absolutely perfect for hot summer weather), Mi Goreng(totally reminded me of living in Indonesia), and beef/chicken skewers (wow! ). OH! yes! you HAVE to try the Coconut Pudding: it comes in a real , fresh, coconut. it is not too sweet, just coconut water with gelatin! Thank you so much , Island Malaysia.. i have found my new food obsession.
Neither of us have had Malaysian food before, since we had a groupon,  we gave it a go.  We are very happy we did.  The food was absolutely delicious.  I ordered char kway teow.  My husband mee geong (sp).  And we also had curry puffs for appetizers and mango and sticky rice for dessert.   The place was very clean.  Service was great.  And the amount of food you get for the price is amazing.  We will definitely be back even without a groupon.
Soooo good
This is one of my fav place when in Vegas and don't feel like waiting for the long buffett lines...

Do yourself a favor and order the SAMBAL PETAI, which is STINKY BEAN in chilli sauce....it really rocks and super delicious, just be aware that this may not be a good first date dish or 2nd or 3rd date for that matter...for obvious reason, but it's worth the risk since it's so delish, and only very few places in US even dare to serve anything with stinky bean

This dish alone is a solid 4 STAR ****

Note: this place is on the 2nd floor of the strip mall
Let me start by saying this:  Malaysian Food is one of the best food in the entire world...and its not because I'm a native Malaysian   ;)  Our food is unique because it draws from our multi ethnic heritage. 
We had two other Malaysian restaurants before Island Malaysian, which was originally called "Penang Rest". All great except this is the only one that sticks around...so guess that speaks a lot in itself? 
I'm kinda "consistent" when it comes to this restaurant...I order the same few dishes every time...the waitress knows my order but still hands me a menu ...good 4 her :) 

Well here are my rating by stars
APPETIZERS: 
Roti Canai 5* (small order, get two or three if entrée)
Curry Puffs 4* (potatoes fillings exc flavor, pastry not too bad)
Ice Kacang 5* (my fav, Malaysian style shaved ice ...must try :)

If you like to feel exotic, get the young coconut drink. Its served straight out of the coconut itself. You will love very exotic ;)

ENTREE: 
Char Kuey Teow 5* ( ask for sambal belacan (stinky chili sauce ;) yummmm

Hokkein Char Mee 3-4*  (fat noodles, like udon size fried in black sauce. Its very yummy f the cook gets to heat his wok extra hot. Same for char kuey teow abv)

Mee Goreng 4* (this is Indian Fried Noodles...back home is fried with some ketchup)

Kari Ayam 5* (= malaysian chicken curry. This is the same curry served with Roti Canai) 

Anything with Belacan is good if you like the flavor of belacan. But I think just like Durian, belacan is an acquired taste. Its basically chili paste mix with dried shrimp paste. The Thai also use it in their dish. In Malaysia, we eat everything with it. Just as we would ask for ketchup, hot sauce or mayo here, we would ask for belacan to go with most of the dishes @ home. 

NOTE: They DONT take credit card --so go to your ATM first.  

I LOVE ISLAND MALAYSIAN ....this is one place I visit at least once or every two months for the past few years since they opened.
Food is great and the servers are fast and friendly!  :) I ordered the beef and chicken satay and asam laksa and char keoy teow! So yummy! One downside was the roti canai wasn't from scratch, but the curry was still good! Rarely can I find a Malaysian Restaurant that actually has authentically tasting food.  I usually have to fly back to Malaysia to find the food! This was worth it! I shall definitely go back again :)! Support them! You won't regret it!
This restaurant is my first experience with Malaysian food.  I really enjoyed it and have been back many times since. The beef satay is one of the best things I've tasted in Chinatown. This is family owned and they are the employees.  I LOVE supporting family owned businesses, especially when the family is actually there working!

PROS: The menu has a picture for EVERY item listed.
             Homemade Green Curry 
             Lo Mee ~ noodles in homemade soy sauce, topped with chicken & mushrooms
             Hokkien Char Mee
             Roti canai
             ***The COCONUT PUDDING**** Served INSIDE a coconut ~ ice cold!! 

CONS: Could use music or something atmospheric.

They also have really cool lighting fixtures if you happen to look up.  Located in the Asian Pacific shopping plaza ~ on the 2nd level
We saw the post on Facebook that they've obtained the HALAL Certificate hence we're there today. Mum loves halal food so she appreciates everything that we ordered today. We had satay, pasembur, curry puffs, mee goreng mamak & pandan Chicken. Teh Tarik for drinks.I will update the pics. It was delicious. We're originally from Singapore & of course we love Malaysian Cuisines.  We've been here since 2001 & has patronized this restaurant since the opening back then.  We would like to say thanks for being awesome as always, Tess (Our Server) & Steven (Our Chef). :-)

PS: Don't forget to YELP because you'll get a free roti canai for now.

Halal - Halal is an Arabic word meaning "lawful" or "permissible." Halal foods are foods that Muslims are allowed to eat or drink under Islamic Shariah. The criteria specify both what foods are allowed, and how the food must be prepared. The foods addressed are mostly types of meat and animal tissue. The most common example of non-halal (or haraam) food is pork. While pork is the only meat that cannot be eaten by Muslims at all (due to perceived hygienic concerns), foods other than pork can also be haraam. The criteria for non-pork items include its source, the cause of the animal's death, and how it was processed. - From WIKIPEDIA
Fantastic and authentic Malaysian food. The food and the decor were reminiscent of a fabulous beachside restaurant I visited several years ago in Penang. My friend and I visited Island after a $300 dinner the night before at a hip Vegas strip restaurant. This was the perfect antidote to the overblown, hype-cycle arms race of Vegas dining. Super casual atmosphere in a funky Asian strip mall. The Roti canal was light and crispy. The Mee gorang was a spicy delight. Only disappointment was that they had run out of coconut pudding for desert. 

If you want a delicious break from the Vegas hurley burley, head for the Island!
Went last night (10/15). Had a groupon that was expiring so decided to give it a shot. When we reached around 7:30 there was no one inside the restaurant. Usually a bad sign when there's no customers present. 
Anyway we ordered Roti Canai and Chicken Satay for appetizer. Satay was great but the chicken curry served with Roti Canai was cold. Looked like it was made days back. 
For main course, we ordered #43 which is a friend noodles with shrimp and bean sprouts. Just Ok, bland and I had to use hot sauce to give it some flavor. Another entrée was the Young chow fried rice. Rice was too mushy, again very BLAND, and had chicken and shrimp. 
In both the dishes, shrimp was not deveined. It also had no seasoning whatsoever. Overall not acceptable. 
We will not be going back.
OMG! Did this place hit the spot or what! Here in Vegas for 4 days - definitely have to go back again during this short visit. Portions are huge, prices are insanely low, food is delectable! If you haven't tried Malaysian food before, you're in for a treat! Everything we tried was surreal! Service was fantastic!
This restaurant is located on the second floor of the Asian Pacific shopping plaza on Spring Mountain Road.  We started off with an appetizer of curry puffs, pastry shells filled with a mixture of curry chicken and potatoes.  These proved to be delicious but a little too heavy.  We also shared entrees of beef rendang (slow cooked beef in a paste of ground spices and coconut milk) and hokkien char mee (fried noodles in a fragrant gravy). The rendang was fork tender with an undertone of sweetness without being overpoweringly so.  Both dishes titillated our taste buds and I am looking forward to a revisit.
WHAT USE TO BE NAMED PENANG

We thought the decor was familiar, just not the name of Island Malaysian Cuisine of this upper floor restaurant adjacent  to Hue Thai and above SF Market.  Following our dinner, I had asked our server (originally from Gwangju) who was the chef?  He mentioned that the restaurant was sold several years ago and back then the restaurant was aka Penang. Chef is Malaysian and so is the current owner.

Malaysian cuisine a blend of SE Asia and Indian cuisine is a favorite of mine. However it's been a long time since Layang Layang of West San Jose, CA and Houston's Banana Leaf which I consider as one of the best Malaysian restaurants in the states.

Following our late afternoon hair salon appointment, we wanted a taste of curry and proceeded to Cafe de Japon which apparently is no longer in business. Island Malaysian Cuisine had been bookmarked for sometime so now is the perfect excuse to check it out.

Looking around, this restaurant is set up to also be a social house with equipment for live music, plus games for all genders. Not sure it's for the enjoyment of the employees or patrons.  Would have to assume for both.

The menu is presented along with a binder of photos of every item in the menu. Makes it convenient and a simple process to decide what to order. To take care of our curry appetite we ordered the Roti Canai as a starter which is a favorite amongst Malaysians and Indians. Next item is the Mee Goreng an Indian style stir fried noodles sauteed in dried squid sauce, tofu, potatoes, shrimp, egg along with bean sprouts. For meat, we ordered Ayam Rendang which is chicken legs cooked in low heat with lemon grass, chili peppers then simmered in thick rich curry which further satisfies our curry quest.  Lastly, some veggie since we're staying away from rice, it's Kang Kung with garlic which is sauteed Convolus (pea pods) with of course fresh garlic.

What's the verdict ?  We left no hint that there was ever food on our table.  It was actually very good and far less occidental than Layang Layang of West San Jose. Unfortunately, it's not come close to Houston's Banana Leaf.  Just giving you my honest opinion.
The server Tress is the best ...food is awesome try roti canai is the bomb order sizzling beef n mixed vegetables.....I love this place totally recommend
The restaurant is nicely decorated and clean. I love every dish that we ordered.  My most favorite dish is ipoh.  I could eat that every day.  The satay is perfectly flavored that the accompanied dipping sauce actually reduces its tastiness.  Mee goreng is so amazingly cooked that every ingredient blends so well together.  I defintely come back here again if i am in the mood for malaysian cuisine.
Monkey a sucker for Roti Canai!  

Something about pancake and curry...  One random review drew Monkey in immediately.  Short on time, though not far from work, never been there, a chance to review....  ended up grubbin' fast, taking a second entree to go and getting in just in time.  

Relaxing island decor with a large mural covering one wall, karaoke set up and plenty of large tables to accommodate several plates.  Must return to savor and enjoy a curry dish!  Noodles on the shiny/oily side and not too salty, so still good stuff.

ROTI CANAI - must have appetizer
BEEF CHOW FUN - got this to go and hit the spot!  thin, tender strips of beef
FRIED PEARL NOODLES - great noodles and sprouts with shrimp & chicken

Located on second floor, shared parking lot with a jillion other restaurants and retailers.  Parking garage also available.  Great service, even during the shift change.  Very nice.  Monkey shall return to try other dishes!
tried Malaysian food for the first time and it was really good .
ordered the roti canai  3.75 $ , basil noodle 7.95 $ and seafood pepper 14.95 $
everything was delicious . the portions were generous and the flavor very good . 
will be back to try more things
I am all about Island Malaysian Cuisine's Roti Canai!  Their best app, it is a red curry of deeply developed flavor and it comes with an Indian style pancake.  This is a 5 star app for me, super tasty and spot-on!  The rest of the menu is a strong 3 or weak 4 stars.

They have a full picture menu for those of us that don't regularly dine on Malaysian food.   

So, as you may have guessed I come here for the Roti Canai.  It is an individual appetizer, and at around $4 it is a great deal...but they also usually have a buy on get one free with a Yelp Check-in!  While you could order several of these for you meal, I typically order something else.  After their Roti Canai, I suggest some of their rice dishes.  The Pineapple Fried Rice, BBQ Pork fried rice, and Mango Sticky Rice are all real solid. 

Did I mention that I come her for the Roti Canai?...I have tried a few noodle dishes with an A-OK response on my part...I would order them again to fill up on...haven't had anything bad, but nothing great either.
After walking 6 Vegas-style mega blocks, I was in no mood for below par Malaysian food.   The menu was very impressive with descriptions and photos. Then, I saw my favorite - Penang Assam Laksa. 

When I placed my order I proceeded to quiz the server if it is really the "real" Assam laksa, and I placed the emphasis on "real".  I told him I'm from Malaysia and I'm very critical about the taste.   He said "Yes, the cook is from Penang, and it is the real thing."  Awesome!

And...(Drum roll)...he wasn't lying!  Lol!  It was Assam laksa like I know it. OMGoodness!  My taste buds are doing the happy dance, a very happy dance. We also ordered sambal udang, kacang Pendek and chendol dessert.  And they were all really really good.  The 6-mega size blocks to get here was worth it!!!  Thank you.
Smell great as we come to the restaurant ... It is true enough that the food is truly Malaysian food ... I was told that the chef is from Malaysia (Penang).

I came twice consecutive lunch when visiting Vegas. Love it !

Roti Canai = Great
Rojak = Very good (could taste and smell the "shrimpy" sauce")
Curry Puff = Great, very authentic
Cha Keow Tiao = Great, we ate 3 plates...
Fried Rice = Good
Sambal Sotong = Great
Penang Laksa = Very good
Beef Rendang = Great, taste like truly Malaysian/Indonesian rendang
Not knowing where to eat since Lotus of Siam was closed we immediately went to Yelp to look for a place.  After lots of going back and forth Island Malay won out and it was well worth it.  The waitress didn't look chinese but spoke cantonese which was a plus.

Good:
Roti Canai - in the past i've had this served with a thicker curry but it was still good
char kway teow - a flat noodle which was good
Laksa  - first time having it so I dont have much to compare to but it was good.
Kang Kung Veggies

Just okay:
Beef Rendang - beef was tender but wanted more developed flavors
The best Malaysian/Singaporean dishes. Our favorite is the Kacung Belachan, Beef Rendang and Curry Fishhead. Absolutely worth it. Dessert to go for is Mango Pudding with Ice Cream.
My wife and I loved this restaurant, the coconut chilled desert was great. Service was good and very friendly. Prices were reasonable, and the restaurant was clean and smelled good. We look forward to returning!
The food really brought back memories of Singapore - right down to serving Tiger beer. The menu comes in three versions - all the same dishes: a short menu, a long menu, and a picture menu. I recognized my favorite dishes from the picture menu and them read the long menu to remember the name. 

The Roti Temur was a cross between a Roti Prata and Murtahbah (sp?). The curry sauce was spot on for what my taste buds remembered.

The curry puffs were tasty but larger and not a chunky as I remember. 

All in all, I want to go back SOON!
I would give it a 9 out of 10 honestly its not my food preference but The food is good overall. I love the coffee

For a first timer it tastes like indian and chinese fusion. The flavors arent overwhelming though

I recommend if you want to try something new.
I really enjoyed this restaurant and neglected to give it a review up until I saw a Groupon for this place, and it harkened me back to the great roti night.

Long story short, I have a friend who is from Guyana and every time we go to an Indian place he comments that it's not real roti.  There's always a problem-- too thick, too thin, too sweet, too dry.  It's like a Goldie Locks thing.  After trying another place, I suggested here due to Yelp review.  I got a look when I said Spring Mountain followed by Malaysian, but he was willing to try.

We got there 30 minutes before they closed, and they didn't seem to mind at all.  We immediately ordered the roti canai.  I thought it was great, and he thought that it is the closest that he had had in a very long time.  After ordering a second one and explaining to the waitress what was going on, she told her husband the cook.  He came out of the kitchen and chatted with us for a bit and said that it's one of those foods that your family may make slightly different than his.  We asked them for a food suggestion for an entry, and we got some kind of a hybrid between the chili chicken and the mango chicken.  Good stuff!  They even let us order mango sticky rice before we left.

There was another group still there, and while being there after close, they really didn't seem to care.  When we left they gave us a red envelop because it was Chinese New Year.  It had a coupon, but the gesture was a nice touch.  Very nice people at the restaurant.  I will be back.
A friend take me here today along with groupon ad.  This is my first experience with Malaysia food. Good thing they had a book that keeps all the dishes with actual picture! :) that helps a lot. So we pick the stuff roti which kinda tasted like breakfast egg pancake but with Malaysia curry. The on choi with shrimp paste was sting and strong, we liked. The steam fish was on the okay side...  They offer steam rice, chicken oil rice, and coconut rice. We tried chicken and coconut flavor. I couldn't till the coconut flavor but overall the service was attentive. We'll be back!
The decor is reflective of The Malaysian tropics, island style. Wood accents throughout entire restaurant along with a foosball and pool table in the back. It's a warm casual ambience, laid back. All the employees are friendly and appear joyful which elevates the mood of the diners as well. The dishes lacked flavor and were average. The "Roti Canai" and curry items on the menu I believe were the standout stars! I didn't get the chance to try their whole fish or seafood items so I guess I have to come back! The stir fried noodles I ordered lacked flavor, I had to add more soy sauce. Overall, the menu has abundance of seafood items in which I hope I get to try later on.
This is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas!  Favorites menu items include: 

Roti Canai
Char Kway Teow
Lamb Rendang
You guys should come in this restaurant. They have very delicious food in town. 
Very very good, Love it.
01 Jun 2014, 07:30p

Hubby and I came here with a friend after I found it on Yelp.  The restaurant is located on the second floor of a fairly large strip center.  There were probably 3 or 4 parties present when we arrived and as those left, new ones arrived.  The restaurant appeared to do a good amount of business.

After perusing the menu and the accompanying photo album, I ordered the following for the table:

Roti Canai
Mee Goreng
Chilli Chicken
Deep Fried Eggplant w/Dried Shrimp & Garlic
Coconut Flavor Rice
Steamed White Rice
Mango Sticky Rice

Our friend ordered wine and hubby ordered a Tiger Beer which was described as slightly stronger than a Heineken.  The wine was not to our friend's liking, so I'm guessing if you're one who regularly drinks wine, this is not the place to order it as they only serve one brand, I believe.  Hubby enjoyed the beer, though, and since he ordered a large, he shared some of it with our friend.

I ordered the Roti Canai based on Yelp reviews not really knowing what to expect.  The tortilla/naan was very good as was the dipping "sauce"?  There were a few pieces of potato and a small piece of chicken w/lots of bones in the bowl with the sauce.  I'm not sure if we were supposed to just dip the bread in the sauce or actually put the potato and chicken in the bread and wrap it up like a burrito.  Regardless, the bones in the chicken made that a little difficult so we ended up just dipping.  The sauce was quite tasty!  Note, this appetizer really isn't large enough to share.

The Mee Goreng was different than what I had had before, but it was very good.  It was weird to get some potato in that, also, but the flavors and different textures all meshed well together.  The noodles seemed different from what I had had before, but it's been so long that I can't even remember what it's supposed to be like.  Regardless, it was good.  This was our friend's favorite dish of the dinner.

The Deep Fried Eggplant wDried Shrimp & Garlic arrived next and this dish was also very flavorful.  There was a large amount of eggplant and it was fried just enough to be crispy on the outside, but still silky smooth on the inside.  Flavors were fantastic and the dried shrimp added a bit of a crunchy texture, too.

The Chilli Chicken was by far my favorite entree of the dinner.  At first taste, the chicken was a bit dry, but it tasted really good.  The heat doesn't hit immediately and the initial flavor sort of dovetailed into the heat.  Hard to describe, but the complexities to get this flavor would be difficult to reproduce (which hubby is going to try!).

The Coconut Flavor Rice was not very exciting in my opinion.  The coconut flavor was so subtle that I didn't really even taste it with all the other flavors going on.  Also, it's difficult to share two bowls of rice amongst three people when you're just given plates and chopsticks.  Forks or extra bowls need to be requested.

For dessert, I wanted to try the mango sticky rice.  I asked if they had good mangoes and they said they weren't too sweet nor too sour.  The should have been a sign right there.  It was not good.  The rice wasn't bad, but the coconut milk was a bit watery and the mango was not ripe.  Lesson learned.  Maybe next time I'll try the shave-ice concoction.

I'd come back and try different dishes at this restaurant.  I know a few to avoid already, but there are also a few I'd definitely order again.  Staff was friendly and attentive, although I think sometimes had a problem understanding our questions due to the language barrier.  Very reasonably-priced, too!
We really enjoyed our dinner. We ordered Seafood noodle and Deep fried fish with Island special sauce. It was delicious. Great service, too!
My friend suggested this place since I don't eat Malaysian food often. I love their cereal prawn dish, roti, beef curry, coconut rice, and steamed chicken dishes.  

Don't expect alot of service since there isnt many people working, but when they do get to you,  they are very nice.
Delightful! I had the wanton soup and it was a pretty big serving. They have a large menu and a picture binder to go along with it. I also had a wonderful ice coffee with vanilla ice cream added to it. I'll be going there again today if I can talk my boyfriend into it. :)
The restaurant is located on Spring Mountain in the Pacific Asian Plaza, in the same shopping center as the smaller SF supermarket, Yosi Vapor, and upstairs next to the Hue Thai Vietnamese restaurant. 

The ambiance is classy casual. They had dim romantic lighting with a quirky island theme all around - there's a huge tropical mural on the wall and the door to the bathroom says "nature calls". Also, there were only 2 servers (no hostess) on the entire floor that night, so they were busy running around all over tending the tables, but we felt that service was still efficient and friendly. 

Here's what we ordered:
1. Roti Canai $3.75: Crispy Indian style pancake with a potato curry and chicken dipping sauce - The roti bread was large, fresh and delicate, crispy yet soft, and lightly sweetened. It was a great vessel for the flavorful chicken and potato curry. Our biggest complaint was the curry was such a teeny tiny portion (a wee amount of curry and one tiny piece of chicken and 1 small potato) - we were fighting each other for the last bites! 4/5

2. Char kway teow $7.95: Penang's famous stir fired flat rice noodles with shrimp, squid, eggs, chives and bean sprouts in a spicy black soya chili sauce - Beautiful presentation. They served it up in a mini wok perfect size for 2 (looks way bigger in pictures). It tasted like a better version of basic Chinese chow fun noodles, with a little more flavor. They cooked everything expertly and I especially loved how they put extra eggs in the dish. That's my favorite part! Not a flavor explosion, but an overall well executed dish. 5/5

3. Ayam rendang (curry chicken) $11.95 - We took a shot in the dark with this dish. I've had rendang curry before, just not this style of preparation. The chicken pieces were roughly chopped with all bone still in tact. Although the chicken was moist, we both wished they did a cleaner job with butchering the chicken. There were many small and dangerous shards of bone that were almost swallowed throughout our dinner. Also the curry was rich and thick, but very flat in flavor. This wasn't a favorite dish that night. 1/5

4. The coconut rice ($1 a bowl) was very aromatic and fragrant. I would recommend that rice with any of your curries or entrees. 5/5
I don't care if the food here is made of solid gold, the owner/manager has ZERO customer service skills. I've now spent $20 on two different Groupons to try to eat here with a discount. Please note that no one is forcing this restaurant to do business with Groupon, it is their choice.

First experience: Came in to use my deal and there was a large group already dining. Server ignored me for several minutes, then said they would be unable to help me with my food for nearly an hour because the large party had just ordered a lot of food. How unprofessional. I left, and Groupon refunded my purchase with apologies.

Second experience: Went in today to order takeout, placed order for $30 worth of food to meet their $10 credit card minimum for my remaining balance. Cashier refused to accept my Groupon, saying it's for dine-in only even though it doesn't state that in the fine print. Went back and forth, but she refuses to honor it saying it was Groupon's mistake- argued for several minutes and employee walked away. 
I assumed she went to get a manager but she walked back and then asked how she could help me, and when I asked to speak to a manager, she twirled around in a circle and then facetiously chirped at me again, HI, I'M MANAGER, HOW CAN I HELP YOU?

When trying to clarify if I could order my food and then take it to go, manager told me to call Groupon customer service for a refund and walked away again, turning away my business. Thoroughly unprofessional.
Delicious, authentic Malaysian cuisine with friendly and attentive staff at the ready. 

If you enjoy  laksa, fried koew teow (my personal fav), satay, roti canai, crispy pork with fermented bean curd noodle, rendang, sambal prawn or nasi lemak to name just a few dishes, then this is your place! 

Oh yeah, did I also mention that it's cheap!?!?
I've been to the original Kampong Ah Lee in Newington loads of times but this was my first visit to their new branch at Fountainbridge. While I like the cosy atmosphere at the original venue, it's also nice to be in a big space with plenty of room for diners and servers to navigate their way around each other. And nicer toilets too (I'm sure I shouldn't mention toilets at the beginning of a restaurant review. Are you hungry yet?)

However this nice airy room wasn't designed for this restaurant, as the Sistine Chapel ceiling and huge painting of the Bay of Naples attest. But it just added to the quirky atmosphere I expected from the original place, as did the big gift-wrapped fridge (we never quite worked out what that was all about).

The food is the same as the original restaurant, a large menu of all sorts of Malaysian specialities, from safe stir fries familiar to most diners to whole fish (head, tail and all) and even pig's maw. It's an interesting mix between exotic authenticity (I assume, having never been to Malaysia) and inoffensive Asian food for the less adventurous. So there's something for everyone here. You can get chilli chicken with noodles or go for more interesting options with pickled or fermented condiments or anything in between. The new menu also indicates which dishes have the bone left in. Newcomers will want to know that this doesn't necessarily mean just chicken wings or drumsticks. Even a chicken stir fry or soup will container hunks of meat broken up with a cleaver so be prepared for mouthfuls of assorted bone bits and splinters. 

Personally, I find their laksa too thin and not creamy enough, but that's just personal preference. I usually go for the "dry" dishes with rice or noodles, but the one thing I always get is the perennial favourite roti cenai for a starter. Fried roti bread (fluffy and creamy almost like pancakes) with a medium-spiced creamy curry dipping sauce (I find Malaysian curries to be the perfect blend of spicy Indian styles and the creamy coconut-based Thai varieties). Unbeatable. The chicken wings are also particularly good. Sometimes I have to have more than one starter because there are too many good options, and I can't forego the roti cenai. 

It's cheap and cheerful but also delicious. An excellent place for group meals with a fun no-frills atmosphere and lots of dishes you can share. They do BYO (£3 corkage for wine and I think over a pound per beer) but you can buy bottled beer or wine by the glass at reasonable prices.
Cheap and cheerful. This place has good food and is good value for money.

Full review with photos please visit my blog which can be found on my profile.
Thanks to Jason M. for explaining that this is the same place (just another location) of the other Edinburgh spot with the same name. I was a bit confused.

Roti Chennai were nice, they have bubble tea, weren't too busy. That about sums it up.

Try the Char Kway Teow or Hokkien Mee, both were solid. 

Appropriate HK-pop style music in the background completes the quirky atmosphere. They also have a helpful 'popular malaysian dishes' part of their menu (with pictures) in case you aren't too familiar with the food and don't know what to try. 

Go on, try something different.
"Delight" is right! I was pleasantly surprised by the good food, good prices, and some very welcome but unexpected menu items (anything taro is a plus for me). This place gets five stars just for being a good Malaysian place in Scotland!
This place is great!

The food is tasty, well priced and served by interested staff, they always recommend wonderful things to try.

Their soups are HUGE! You can have it as a main course or to share as a starter but they are very filling as only £6! Great value!  :)

I love this new restaurant that they've opened as they have another branch on Clerk Street.

Definitely worth a visit! :)
Headed here as I'd tried out the sister shop on Clerk Street.

Its got some really weird decor but in some ways this just added to my enjoyment. The random (clearly left over from being an italian) frescos on the roof clashed hillariously with the Kuala Lumpur posters and other Malaysian bits and pieces. All in all a big airy space that was quite pleasant.

We started off sharing some Roti Cenai and flat bread things. The curry sauce is AWESOME. Really creamy and just the right level of spice for a starter.

For mains I had a duck noodle dish and my partner in "wine" (we had beer) had a seafood noodle soup that was COLOSSAL. Both were very good dishes, reasonably priced and thoroughly enjoyable. The Soup had a great slow burn to it and my duck was moist and properly cooked - look out for surprise bones though! (I like bones in meat - makes it more manly) 

We only had 2 beers, one starter and 2 mains and the price was £20ish which I reckon for the amount of food was entirely reasonable!

All in all great service, entertaining decor, great food. However one issue. It was fairly empty (a tuesday night) and there were mainly a few couples and some single tables. There was no music...... Obviously I am as quiet as a mouse so didn't feel like I was lambasting everyone everytime I made a comment. However a bit of music wouldnt go amis!
The interior of the restaurant isn't the most classy nor stylish with scenes of Malaysian on the wall illuminated by fairy lights but who cares when everything else is so good?  

The staff were so attentive and really helpful giving recommendations about dishes - very impressive.  

The Roti Cenai (£2.90)with curry sauce is not to be missed as these little bread circles taste so buttery, definitely wets your appetite for what's to come.  

I was with a big group so tried a lot of different dishes including the chicken satay which was lovely, chicken wings (£5) that were large and tender and ribs (£5) which were finger licking good.  

For main course the mango chicken was sweet and moreish, the beef Sambal (£7.50) had a good kick to in but in a pleasant rather than in taste bud killing way.  I had coconut rice but I didn't taste the coconut flavour as much as I'd expected to.  The star of the evening by far was the Malaysian king prawn curry.  This dish was wonderful.  Although hot in temperature, it was the perfect blend of spices to make your taste buds do a Mexican wave in your mouth.  The king prawns were the biggest I've ever seen in a restaurant in Scotland and there were SO many - at least 10 which is unheard of usually!!!  

For the quality and amount of food this place is a total bargain.  We had two courses plus Rotis and lots of drinks and our bill came to £23 per person including tip?!?!?!
Excellent tasty food, excellent value for money.
There was loads to eat in our plates and we were served really quickly. Perfect little restaurant for a date!
My friend and I went here for lunch the other day. I was keen to try this place out as I love Malaysian food. 

Kampung Ali didn't disappoint.. I chose Nasi Lemak and it was lovely. Just the right amount of spiciness and bite sized chunks of chicken thigh. Yummy comfort food. 
My friend went for a bowl of prawn noodles and it was well on flavour.
We also shared a dish of prawn sambal malaysian style. Vegetables in this dish were aubergine, green beans and okra. I have been suspicious of okra.. mainly as it has a bit of a 'slimey reputation'. Perhaps it depends on the way it's cooked, go figure. Anyway when my friend who is actually Chinese Malaysian, casually remarked that okra is good for collagen I grabbed a piece and it was just fine. I later googled more about this superfood and indeed okra contains a lot of C-vitamin which is good for collagen production.

Besides of okra, I also tried another new thing: teh tarik, which is known as 'pulled tea'. So basically it's black tea and condensed milk. Personally I found it too sweet but I was glad to have had sampled this.

I will definitely go back to Kampung Ali. The food is delicious, spicy and very good value.
yum, yum, yum. 

Essentially for me, there's only one word that describes this place: yummy.

I've been here many times but I need to go more! Kampung Ali serves delicious and according to my Malaysian work colleague, very authentic Malaysian food. 

Some tips:

Number 1: When you come opt for the roti canai. It's like a crispy pancake that melts in your mouth and it comes with a slightly spicy peanut curry sauce. It's the beez kneez. (If you don't get this, you are definitely missing out)

Number 2: Order a style of chicken wings, you can't go to wrong with the chicken wings here.

Number 3: Rendang chicken. This is so flavourful. I love it. 

Number 4: Lemon chicken. You know how sometimes you can order lemon chicken and it's over cooked and dry? Yeah, that doesn't happen here. The lemon chicken was so moist and it was a fairly large portion! 

Number 5: Get some duck and coconut rice!

I think that Kampung Ali is a great when you come with a group of people - so you can sample many things off the menu. Wine is also very reasonably priced. A good bottle of South African wine is 13 pounds. 

The service is impeccable. I've had the same server the last few times I've been and he has been very attentive and funny!

Kampung Ali is good times & high fives.
It's Malaysia food and they do it well! I'm sure that anyone with a fondness of spicy food or knows what sambal is will enjoy this place. 
It is an unassuming set up. A big hall with some square and some round tables. Many Indonesian and Malaysian references on the wall (not on the ceiling though, that is done with mock Raphaelite like paintings).
I will not (as I can't) explain the dishes, but do go for the roti as a starter! 
Main courses are individually indicated with a chili score between none to 4. 
I took a sambal chicken and it was good, no additional spices required. 

Service is fast, courteous and unobtrusive. 
I will definitely be visiting again very soon.
Great Malaysian food here which I really enjoyed. I came here with a big group of people and the service was good. We were all happy with our food choices, though it was hard to pick what to have as there was so much choice. It just means I'll have to go back again. You can bring your own booze but the corkage charge seemed very pricey. I believe it was £4 for a bottle of wine and £1.50 per bottle of beer which I think is a bit much.
Really good food... we've not long ago just spent a couple of months in SE Asia - the food here is genuine. 
Friendly staff.
Tasty, well-priced Malaysian cuisine unfussily presented and served in next to no time.
This was a very easy 5 stars to give! 

The food here was incredible! I went with a small group of friends and we shared 2 starters and 5 mains between us and each one was absolutely delicious!!

The food feels very authentic and the flavours are genuinely magnificent. To begin with we had satay and roti with a spicy dip that all of us agreed we would happily drink as soup it was so scrummy! For the mains we had crispy shredding beef, two duck dishes, a squid and a chicken - each one very different but very tasty! The portions were sizeable (perfect for sharing) and the service was quick and friendly.

The restaurant was buzzing too, so the atmosphere was great! 

In terms of pricing, though this place isn't cheap, it's also not expensive, with mains falling around the £9 mark in general. 

As far as Malaysian cuisine goes this felt very authentic and was really very tasty!Absolutely worth a visit if you're ever in Edinburgh!
It was surprising to find a Malaysian restaurant in Edinburgh, especially one that has seemed to have gained a fairly good following.

The restaurant is sort of an odd mix decor wise.  There are various maps, pictures and figurines of Malaysia, however there is also paintings on the ceiling, fairly reminiscent to the Sistine Chapel.

Service is friendly, although somewhat slow.  They are not proactive with their customers.  Rather than greeting you when you first sit down and asking if you would like a drink, it almost seems like the staff waits until you are ready to order before approaching you.

The Roti Cani consist of round pieces of flat bread, vaguely resembling a flour tortilla for those not familiar, with a curry dipping sauce.  The dipping sauce has a strong curry flavor, with lots of warming spices and a nice spicy finish that tingles the back of your tongue.

The Malaysian Curry Prawns, one of the signature dishes, consists of head on peeled shrimp in a spicy curry soup.  The prawns were slightly overcooked and mealy, but heads and shells added a depth of flavor to the broth.  There is a slight kick to the dish, but nothing that will set your mouth on fire.  Overall, a somewhat disappointing dish due to the overcooking of the prawns.

The Singapore Noodles is a type of chow mein, with thin egg noodles.  The shrimp and chicken were cooked slightly overcooked and mealy, but heads and shells added a depth of flavor to the broth.  For some reason, the dish seemed "overly dry"

Although the Roti Cani was flavorful, the rest of the dishes seemed to be lacking in seasoning.  One thing I noticed in the UK, is that restaurants seem to be afraid of using salt to enhance the flavor of their food.  I am not sure if this is a cultural thing, or whether they are trying to be on the safe side in order not to offend the many different visitors they get throughout the world.
For me, this place has been a long time coming. I have known for about a year that this restaurant was going to be opening in the Quarter Mile. 

It is a shame that it is so hidden and away from the main footfall on Middle Meadow walk, but if they improve their website and build a presence on social media then this should help them promote the restaurant.

The staff are SUPER lovely. Very kind and took the time to have a chat with us. Also, they kindly gave us two free drinks after the meal. As they had only been open 7 days when we visited, the seemed slightly nervous but they went out of their way to make a good impression, and they certainly did that!

As for the food, most of the dishes are labelled as spicy, and they are that. But perfectly so for me. I had the squid dish and it was delicious, i definitely have it again.

If you want good quality food in a nice environment with friendly and helpful staff, then go here! :)
Love Malaysian food. Love it. So when the Mrs took me for a stroll through the Quarter Mile development, my eyes lit up to see a new Malaysian restaurant coming our way. Before I knew it Nanyang had arrived and, like a mongoose, I was ready to pounce as soon as it opened.

After a starter of Soft Shell Crab, I plumped for my Malaysian staple (and the bar by which I will henceforth measure all asian fusion restaurants) of Beef Rendang. The crab was tremendous and the Rendang was different, not as dry as traditionally expected and also slightly hotter, but as tasty as ever I'm used to.

The hostess was warm and welcoming and happy to chat about the business and how they couldn't wait to get started any longer and their plans for finishing off the decorating in the following few weeks. The waiter was apologetic and charming and offered us a complimentary round of drinks to celebrate their opening. All good.

The menu was expansive, not exclusively Malaysian as it turns out, and definitely for those with an eye for the spicy. The décor and surrounding areas are very pretty and it's also good for those who enjoy a good people watch. In honesty there really isn't anything bad to say about the place...

Except this:

If Nanyang are not careful, they are in danger of pricing themselves out the market. Kampong Ali is no more than a 5 minute walk away, and Kampung Ah Lee is 10 minutes in the other direction. Both are a good £2-3 cheaper per dish and the quality is just as good, if not better than Nanyang. 

With a small Malaysian restaurant contingent within Edinburgh, and if they improve their website and advertising (aside from the students and the rich who frequent or live in the Quarter Mile respectively, who else really knows there's anything down there?) they might last a while, but as soon as others cotton on that there are just as tasty Malaysian cuisine options at cheaper prices within walking distance, Nanyang could feel the pinch.

Very good, but be warned.
Most of the time I tend to avoid 'curries' here I was pleasantly surprised. Authentic Malaysian curry with chicken is a tasty dish with enough spice to avoid me having to ask for anything added. We started with spicy soft-shell crab - my oh my.. I have another favourite to add to my list of food. Well battered (light and crispy) spicy but not too. And we got a nice chili sauce to dip it in. 
The service is warm & welcoming and very very outstanding! (my glass was kept topped up) TOP CLASS 
So why is there a star missing?

The prices. The food was good, but not THAT price-tag deserving good. Granted we were there on a Voucher Deal but for what we had I thought the deal was just about right. I wouldn't have been to pleased to have to pay full for what we got.

Also this restaurant is away form the main areas, the building is a 'Retail Unit' in the Quarter-Mile development area overlooking a concrete courtyard. Spacious, but unable to entice an warm Malaysian atmosphere. A bit lack lustre, but the staff was very good in making the place warm and pleasant.
I'm giving Nanyang a 3 star review but I'll explain why.

I'm gluten free so eating out, although normally fab in Edinburgh, can be problematic depending on where I go. This time I had an itison voucher. I had wanted to try Nanyang but was worried that being GF might be a problem, so I thought £12 for two mains means it wouldn't have been a waste if options were limited.

The itison deal gives theree options - thai green curry, massaman curry and a Malayisan curry. Due to suspect and non GF ingredients, I was advised the Malayisan curry was my only option which was ok with me. The mains came with coconut rice and they were plentiful portions. The food was lovely - well spiced, with huge chunks of chicken in my curry, and vegetables. My friends beef massaman curry was enjoyed but she would have preferred the typical big chunks of beef, rather than slices of piece. 

We did both enjoy our meals and staff were friendly and attentive and took care to check I was getting the right food. I would go back to Nanyang, but much of the menu was off limits to me, hence the 3 star review. My friend who had also lived in Thailand, was surprised by the amount of wheat containing dishes so I'd like to check out other, Thai/Malaysian restaurants in the Burgh to see if this is the norm.
Good service and very well made food. The decor and reasonable view are almost enough to make you forget you're in potentially soulless wee glass box.

Practically £30 for a shared starter, two mains and a pot of green tea for one so in the ballpark of central town prices but the Nasi Lemak was worth it. The place clearly does a good takeaway trade too.
Excellent food and very nice service. Prices seem good. Tried several of the Malaysian dishes and they come pretty close to the real deal, and i liked the "street food" menu. The thai dishes are also pretty good except the tom yam soup which i found way too sweet.
I eat there pretty often when i am in the area.
This is the 4 Stars update to Nanyang. Just recently we took a delivery of the most authentic food you could imagine. I was really pleased that their cooking for delivery doesn't affect any of their quality of ingredients and spicing. 
Their Chicken Rendang was superb and the side dishes plentiful and on the topside of yummy and fresh tasting. 
Their take away prices are not much cheaper than eating in but you do have the convenience of eating wonderful dishes in front of the telly watching 'Come dine with me'  - feeling kinda smug that you have so much better food available than the contestants. 

Good place and consistently high quality.