Yusef is a cool authentic Middle Eastern food place.

Mr K was right on his warning of wait time for the food, fortunately, ours came out in less than 20 minutes.  Time passes pretty quick in here browsing through the extensive selection of Middle Eastern spices, cheeses, halvas and other specialty foods.  

Solid rendition of gyros and falafel...but the sublime baklava is what will be drawing me back to Yusef...just the right amount of sweetness and a light touch with the rose water.

Tasty and cheap alternative for lunch with sandwiches going for just $4.99 and 2 pieces of buttery baklava for just $1.75

If you're thinking of grabbing a bite for dinner, beware that they close fairly early at 7pm.
Yusef's is my old standby place when I crave middle eastern food, Lebanese style.  The Gyros are excellent, right down to the pickle and the sweet onion... mmmmm.  The portions are generous, and everything is always well prepared.  They serve a hummus dis that I really like... it has beef and pine nuts.  The baklavah is good.  They usually have several different varieties.

The place has always been run by really nice people, but the new owners are the nicest people yet.

About a month ago, I was on the way home from visiting my cousin in the hospital when my growling stomach let me know that no food for 12 hours was not making it happy....  I ran into the store at 6:45 pm.  They close at 7.

The owners were at the front counter.... 

"You're hungry," said the woman looking at me with concern

"yes," I nodded  "Can I get a Gyro, or is it too late."

She looked at her husband... "she's hungry," she said to him... 

He hesitated.

"She's hungry!" the wife repeated...

I knew they had probably cleaned up already and were getting a sandwich even though it was inconvenient.  I was so grateful.  It was the best Gyro I have EVER had...  

I stop there about once a week now, on my way home from the hospital.  I get a few groceries and something for dinner. I always get there by 6:15 though.
Yusef's has to be the largest and cleanest, most organized Middle Eastern markets that I have been to in PHX. Stopped by here over the weekend and was really impressed by the selection and size of the groceries. If you're looking for anything Middle Eastern, you'll find it here. Their hummus is heavy on tahini; the baba ganoush is very good. Haven't sampled their food, but after my overall experience, the Vegetarian Combo is calling my name. Only downside is that they sell premade pitas, which are very generic.
I'm a half-Anglo Mexican, raised on cheesy potatoes (thanks, Mom) and tamales (thanks, Nana). It amazes me that Middle-Eastern food came to be my favorite.

I dig Yusef's. The Gyros are delicious. The hummus is delicious. Everyone is nice. It's cheap. Maybe not Haji-Baba cheap, but if two can get a good lunch for under 15 bucks, that's cheap enough. I've never bought anything from the grocery, save for a chocolate-covered banana candy, but they seem to have a pretty good selection of everything you'd need to make some awesome grub.

I hope they're open today - I'm hungry.
My friend was in the Service and had a craving for some Middle Eastern food so I pulled up Yelp and this seemed to be the closest in my area. I have driven by this place a gajillion times in the last 13 yrs or so and thanks to Yelper's I have learned that not everything is what it seems looks wise. It was 6:30 this Saturday we barely made it in time. It was clean I was happy to sit down inside and get out of the cold.

The server was pretty polite. The food took a little while but it was worth it. I had the Veggie Platter they were out of something they substituted with rice bit it was all good. Great humus and falafel yummmm I want more now lol I love love grape leaves and cant get enough now I know where to go to get my fix! The lentil soup was awesome and served steaming hot in this weather totally hit the spot with fresh pita bread. This was plenty of food perfect for sharing and I'm not even sure I'd ever order that plate for $12.99 on my own. My friend had the lamb kabob and some soup as well and no complaints here either. 

They have hookah's and the good shisha my friend grabbed us some mint flavor which he love's I'm pretty sure its not any cheaper here than say a smoke shop. I saw a sign that said they have whole lambs and they had tons of stuff like gallon Tahini tubs and cute little tea sets among all the food stuff that looked good too. All in all I will be back to try some more delicous eats!
I've only been inside once for a jar of Nutella.  I know, kinda strange that I would stop at Yusef's for a jar of Nutella but I live right by the place and every deli has Nutella (and Yusef's did too, see-- I told you).

Anyhow, I like this place for one really odd reason-- my Dad buys cherry juice at Yusef's by the case-- he says it helps his kidney stones.  My dad likes the owner and I think they are nice to him, so I am happy about that.

I would like to try some of the fresh food they make, I'll need to make sure I take mental note to do so.
We ate here last night.  I was disappointed with the almost everything.  The food was just OK.  Nothing was bad but nothing had me excited at all.  The menu was small even for a Mid-eastern restaurant.  Seating was awkward because you are right next to the isles of food in the market.  I would not go back.
falafel phoenix best falafel best phoenix best falafel phoenix best phoenix falafel phoenix falafel best phoenix best falafel

6 Star Falafel !    IT'S GREEN!

Seriously the best in the valley, perhaps anywhere.  AND IT'S GREEN!

It really does look like some hippies may have cooked up a batch of "Magic Falafel" in the back of their VW camper bus in the Shakedown Street parking lot of a Dead concert.  I'm sure it's more benign spices making these garbanzo flour patties the color of money, grass, and a soccer player's ass, but they are a mos def a HOMEMADE recipe.  I'm not saying all light brown falafel is from a box, but that's what most gyro places are doing.  
     8^ P`.',.`    ---pPbblltptllptbt
I can do box all by myself.

Various kebobs, dolmas, greek and tabouli salads, pita sandwiches -- 
the menu is classic greek fast food deli style, which just like the strip mall pad they occupy, the menu is a bit smaller than it used to be. 
They've changed ownership and also pared down the size of their store significantly since their heyday.  
Yusef's was Best of Phoenix by New Times, or AZ Republic, or Get Out, etc, quite a bit circa 90, 92, 93, 95, 96, 2001 if I remember the signage.  Since then, things have gotten tough in the American economy for a niche market of Middle Eastern folks.  I sure hope they didn't suffer from former customers purposefully avoiding them after 2001 for any sort of discriminatory reasons -- what a shame that would be!

Perusing the aisles of the grocery while waiting for your food to be prepared is like being flashed to an indoor version of an exotic marketplace bazaar (like in the first Indiana Jones movie, or hey, like Shakedown Street) full of strange and enticing shapes and smells and textures, foreign languages, and lots of "What the heck is THIS!?".  

Spice grinders!  Pomegranate juice! Curry powder! Turkish coffee pots!  Anchovie fillets! Fresh Olives! Tamarind extract!
I'm ready for the PARTY!  Where's the Houkka?  THERE IT IS! Up on the wall, several to choose from actually.

My green falafel sandwich was freshly made, hot, and delicious.
Still the best falafel in the Phoenix area (but sadly, it was found to be "Magic" only in it's tasty savory goodness).   Only $5.99 with a soda, or check with the owner on bartering your knit sweater-making skills.

Can anyone recommend a good Goo Ball vendor for dessert?
Used to be great, now there's a new owner. He smokes inside the store. Menu the same, but the portions are smaller. Sad, I won't go back.
As a lover of Middle Eastern food and being half Lebanese I found this place to be great. I had the kefta sandwich and enjoyed it. Also if you are looking for grocery items they have some great ingredients.
I've been coming to Yusefs now for awhile to get gyro meat to go, along with their fresh feta, pitas and cucumber yogurt. BEST I'VE HAD! Finally I was able to eat there as they have a kitchen and OMG, it was delis and the prices are fabulous. I ordered the lentil soup and holy cow, it was UNREAL! I got the gyro plate with gyro meat and fresh rice (basmati?) and it was fabulous. Gyro Greek salad was amazing too. I love coming here because the owner is nice and very sweet!!!!!

I recommend you try this little gem!! It's worth the drive!
Great little hole in the wall middle eastern deli. I like their grocery store. You can find many unique and hard to find items. There food is great. LOVE their lentil soup. It is so creamy and flavorful. I have never had lentil soup like this anywhere else. I order it often when I'm sick. Great salad and falafel. Service has always been good. The older man that owns the place is very sweet. 

I just wish they had expanded hours. Last I checked they closed at 7pm and were closed Sundays.
Stopped in last night for a take out dinner. I wanted to bring home something different than burgers or a pizza or fried chicken. So I used my Yelp app.... And showed Yusefs nearby with good reviews.

The owner was a very personable person....and very helpful. Everything smelled wonderful, and it was pretty busy....all good signs.

I order 2 of the falafel dinner plates, and the stuffed grape leaves plate. The only "side" for a dinner plate was the split pea soup. It was a generous portion....and VERY GOOD!

The falafel and grape leave were both generous portions....and delicious!

I want to go back a do a little grocery shopping for some of the unique items that I think you could find only in Phoenix here.

Good job Yusef! I liked it!
Falafel is outstanding here, dark exterior with green interior, and a nice spicy peppery taste that is satisfying.  Cooked just right too for texture.  Fries are a nice side.  Prices reasonable here, plenty of parking, and a few atypical sodas available in the fridge.  Note that there's just a few seats inside, since this is also a grocery place.  To-go will probably be my main strategy for this great Falafel destination.
Stopped in for the first time not having known for 10 years that we were neighbors.  I'll start with the fact that the owner/operator was extremely polite greeting you when you enter and welcoming you.  I had my 2 toddlers in tow, and this can be intimidating to most small shop owners knowing one bad move can cause chaos from a toddler.  We sat down ordered some meals, lamb gyro, chicken ka-bob sandwich, hummus.  Easy mediteranean meal almost imposible to mess it up.  We walked in at opening so it took 10 minutes or so for food, but the array of goods in the market to shop made the time fly.  With no prompting they took it upon them selves to split the gyru meal for my kids, which was awesome and a super time saver for me.  The flat bread pita was good more authentic to the chew than the buttery mall version (though I like both).  The meat was perfect the lamb tender with a nice sear on it, very generous thickness as well preserving the meat texture.  their tatziki was a chunky version with great flavor and a crisp cucumber crunch through-out very refreshing in the 100+ degree lunch temps we were having.  The chicken was good with a nice subtle flavor and plenty of juice left inside the well grilled meat.  
The hummus was traditional and very smooth more dip than spread.  
Overall I am super impressed, the market has every canned and jarred good you could imagine from SPAM to stuffed Olive leaves and all stops in between.  The deli counter had a simple variety of olives and various feta cheeses, their produce was depleted (possibly because I walked in as they unlocked the doors) or not stocked yet.  I will be returning to shop and to eat again.  The welcoming owner made me feel as though my children will also be dining there regularly.  I will try to work my way through their menu board over the coming weeks, and will try to report back.
I usually come here once or twice a week. I love their gyros and fries - both very authentic and served Chicago-style. The staff are very friendly and accommodating, and they serve some good desserts as well. Good selection of Middle Eastern sodas, snacks, and other ingredients as well. I'm a fan!
All I can say is WOW! I have not found filafel this good since moving back home to az. They have all the traditional favorites, boba ganoush (which is EXCELLENT) humos, fattoush, tahini, salads and pretty much everything else. the grocery is stocked full of amazing things.. sauces and spreads, 'pickled' veggies of all kinds , exotic jams, jellies and honies, breads, meats and cheeses, candies, pastries, even found my beloved persian cucumbers :} they also carry a vast assortment of spices and marinades. i LOVE this place. The owner is very nice. I ordered a filafel (they have the GOOD kind, nice and FRESH and green inside like theyre SUPPOSED to be) wrap with sides of humus and boba and it was perfect even down to the nice ripe tomatoes. AND the prices are decent. I highly recomend this place
Alli can say is thank God they changed owners. The new owner is fantastic. Nice. Helpful. Smiles too!!! Plus they have all the goodies I need. The string cheese. The bulghur pilaf. The salted pumpkin seeds. And the Persian cucumbers. My new favorite!
Highly recommended for all your middle eastern dietary needs.
My husband's family is Syrian and they swear by this place's falafel, hommus and baba ghanoush (sp?). They have every middle eastern candy, canned good, kitchen accessory and obscure food item you can imagine. A fun place to browse. Don't let the exterior and the strip mall location fool you, it is very cleanly and well-kept inside. You can even order some lentil soup and eat it in a booth by the window.
i got the chicken sheesh kabob plate......rice, chicken, and grilled veggies (2 slices of tomato, 2 slices of green pepper, half an onion), lentil soup and bread. 13.00!!! Haji-Babas gives you more for half the price. Plus Haji-Babas gives you some sauce. Come on Yusef! not worth the money
Delightful.  My falafel sandwich ($4.35!) was made with care. It arrived at my table nex to the window in the clean and orderly grocery store very hot, with a generous portion of tomato, just the right amount of onion and tahini sauce that had a bit too much "tahini-tang" for my taste.  The falafel itself was, again, nice and hot, but lacked an crispness to its outer layer.  The flavor of the falafel lacked salt but tasted very fresh and wholesome.  

On my way out I purchased a couple cans of baba-ganouj and dolmas at reasonable prices.
Just had another delicious lunch at Yusef's.  I am lucky enough to have Yusef's as a neighbor to my catering business so when I am tired of what I am cooking, I go their for lunch.  The felafel was GREAT and they always have all of the obscure items I seem to need!  Come have lunch and buy some fun stuff for your next meal at home.
I ordered take-out a day in advance for a lunch meeting at work. The man who took my order was very helpful and easy to work with, and our order was perfect and so delicious. We got beef, chicken and lamb kebabs, and Greek salad. My co-workers loved it!
Really good lentil soup.  Great rice.  Lamb combo was ok but everything else was pretty good!
Very tasty and friendly service at the market. Picked up some fresh ground Turkish coffee while there.
The food is excellent. The prices are very reasonable. The people are pleasant. In addition to the four tables for dining in, there is a fascinating array of groceries for sale. We always end up with a few items to take home. The ambience is fine except for the constant sound of refrigerators, which sound in need of help. This is overall a gem.
When ever I'm in Phoenix I eat at this place 3-4 times over a two week visit to the area. 
This place is located in a quiet strip mall with plenty of parking. The market its self has a nice verity of foods and goodies with several tables in the back to sit and enjoy a good meal. 

Today I took my two cousins with me, we got two kibbi sandwiches, falafel sandwich and a plate of humus with pita to share. I'm 6'4 and can really eat a lot and I am always amazed at how filling their sandwiches are not to mention tasty! For 25 bucks all three of us managed to leave stuffed. They have the quality, taste and price that makes this place a frequent visit on my todo list. 

Ps. Get a plate of cucumber and yogurt with pita, it's very refreshing; also there are these amazing chocolate and pistachio wafers called nutymax try one!
Got a gyro here. I was dissapointed. small portions of meat, and a few pieces of lettuce and tomato, and WAYYYY too much sauce....It was pretty much pita and tsziki half the time..I had high hopes for this place. :(
I was watching the news this morning, Greece is on fire. The idea of this wonderful country burning down one forest at a time is upsetting and disastrous. This is a country I have always wanted to see and know that it will be years before its forests can recover from the devastation.  As I'm watching this devastating news my tummy starts to rumble and I think, Alladin's. Alladin's will help to make me feel better, I need to connect with the people somehow. Why not with food?

Alladin's Kitchen is a wonderful Middle Eastern restaurant serving up fantastic hummus, baba ganoush as well as other Mediterranean favorites. They also make some of the best stuffed grape leaves Ive had to date. The menu is very accessible as well as priced extremely well. Do yourself a favor and try the chicken shawarma wrapped in soft grilled pita as well as the gyros. 

i know eating the foods of the Middle East isn't going to put out the fires and bring back the loss of the nations people but the food did make me feel better.
I'm a fan of Aladdin, except when I'm in a hurry.  The owner told me that he prepare everything from scratch.  But it all does take a while.  So go ahead and call in your order for some kick@#$ gyro or chicken shawarma, or just be patient.  Home cooking takes time.
Yummy, Yummy, Yummy! This place is great! First of all the owners are a very nice Lebanese family, the husband and his wife are the ones always working, they are so nice and friendley!

The food is amazing, their beef shawerma is very different than anyone elses, they actually use FILET MIGNON for their shawerma, which is a nice change sometimes from regular beef shawerma.

Their Baba Ganoush is so good, you might eat your fingers after it *Egyptian saying, sorry, lol*
My experience here was awesome from start to finish.  I was greeted by an extremely friendly, smiling man (I believe to be the owner) who helped me with my order decision, took my order, then asked me to "please, sit down, be at home".  Awesome.

I inquired about the salad and asked if they put any feta on the salad (they don't), he followed up informing me the sauce they serve has dairy, but that he would substitute garlic sauce instead.... now this might not seem like much, but to someone who has food allergies like myself, having someone with intimate knowledge of the ingredients and the care to make sure they don't serve you anything that might not agree with you is really a blessing and gives you assurance when you eat there.  Huge bonus.

I had a half chicken shawarma and  half gyros plate which came with hummous, salad, rice, cucumber (substituted instead of pita since I don't eat wheat... nice touch) and a side of garlic sauce.  I do not normally enjoy chicken shawarma, but he insisted I try.  Well, he was right, I will say now I love chicken shawarma, Aladdin's chicken shawarma.  Their gyros was awesome too.. homemade, not the typical Kronos Meat Cone variety.  

I paid after my meal and was welcomed back with a handshake.  Service was awesome, food was awesome, and they were able to easily cater to my picky food needs.  A+!
Aladdins is the diamond in the rough. In fact we're getting take-out tonight!

The inside of the place is all the things everyone mentioned...but the FOOD! Oh, the FOOD. It's to die for.

I do like it better when his salad isn't as spicey, and I am in love with the garlic sauce that comes with the chicken shwarma. His hummus is the best in the city. I promise. 

Sadly, our other mediterranean choice Sabuddy's is gone so Aladdins doesn't just gets some of our business, it gets ALL of our business! At least when we have a hankering for mediterranean.

John & his wife are good people. They talk to you, they know you. When I was pregnant I don't think I ever went in (hubby did instead) & then one day I showed up to pick up an order & he asked me where I'd been!!!! Umm..gestating. Thanks for asking!  Then there was the day his produce shipment was late - so he was shopping at the grocery! Asked about our family and always has a smile. These are very hard working, honest people. 

Word to the wise: Do NOT eat if you're going on a date or need to make a good impression - you WILL stink like garlic! The stuff is strong! My husband used to try & hide that he went without me until he realized he brought the evidence home.
I was looking for a middle eastern eatery so I found the other reviews to be helpful, & tried the place out. Yes, the owner is friendly, and the food was good, but here's what they didn't tell me... 

This place isn't really a restaurant, its more like a fast food joint with tables. Sorry, I'm an adult- I don't do Styrofoam plates with plastic utensils. For dinner, we were the only people in the place. Wifey had a chicken plate, and I had 3 side dishes, all good, with diet Pepsi. Bill came to THIRTY-FRICKIN'-DOLLARS!!!!!!!!@#$%%#$@!&*^!!! For that kind of dough, I would have much preferred to go somewhere else.I'm not a cheap bastard, but I do expect to get what I pay for, like ceramic plates and metal silverware. I am still in search of a decent middle eastern RESTAURANT!
This place rocks! The food is absolutely delicious. The Hummus is amazing and only fresh ingredients are used. We try to go there weekly as it is that good.
We've been coming here for years and are so grateful to have such great, healthy, affordable take-out nearby.  The grape leaves are awesome, as is the hummus. My husband loves the falafal sandwich, I'm partial to the chicken schwarma. When he has baklava (which is sometimes) we always get it, as it's so yummy. The owner is a sweetheart and a hard-working guy that always makes me smile. We always do take-out since we live nearby. He has tables but it's pretty rustic (it's all about the food, not the ambiance) Delish!!!
My husband and I went to Aladdin's today for the first time and we LOVED IT!!!! We started with the eggplant dip/pita (I can't remember what it's called) and OMG, sooooo good. I  ordered the gyro wrap/salad and my husband ordered the chicken shwarma wrap as our main course, very delicious.

We love hole in the wall places and unlike others, we enjoy good food - served on china or paper plates. It's all about the food, right?

We will be back again (probably tomorrow).

I recommend this place highly!
Just found this place recently. Love the fresh food- wow the chicken is great, very heavy on the garlic so make sure you have your breath mints handy if you eat there for lunch on a work day! I thought the place looked clean, despite what some people here have said. Not really what I'd call "a hole in the wall," but just a casual Mom and Pop joint. Perfect for this kind of food.
Great for Lunch or Dinner, the food is great and affordable.  You can sit and dine in or just as easy take out your order.  I've never had a bad meal and the garlic is just perfect.  You can phone in an order too, John will tell you to the minute when it will be available for pickup.
****UPDATE***** It looks like they have closed. (SCREAMING with SADNESS!) If they open up another restaurant and you find it please, PLEASE leave me a message here so we can go to their new place. I'm so bummed, we loved that place. Wishing you well John!!!!!
So sad that Aladdin's is closed. This was by far some of the Best Middle Eastern eats in the valley. I sure hope they open a new place in a better location. Already missing their garlic dressing!
I called to inquire about their menu and was meet with some resistance. the person who answered the phone would only tell me to come in and see the decor and and menu. i thought it was a joke and asked again but to no avail didn't get anywhere. this place put a bad taste in my mouth...ssh.
i cant bash this place since i am persian, but it really needs some help. they need to be on kitchen nightmares with gordan ramsey haha. i liked the food, it wasnt how my dad and his friends make but its still pretty decent
I really like Persian food and this place is tops for me in Las Vegas! The service can be mediocre at times but most of the time its not that busy.  Love the khoobideh!  Very delightful atmosphere!
I am so surprised by the negative reviews of this place.  My experience here was fabulous - great service, very clean place, and excellent food. When I was in Vegas in December, my dad and I saw an ad in the yellow pages in our hotel for Habib's.  Being Persian and constantly craving Persian food, I asked my dad (who is from Iran) to go with me.

We came here for lunch, and ordered entirely too much food.  We started off with must o'khiar to dip the bread in, and it was fantastic.  I ate too much bread though, which is probably why I left here feeling so painfully full.  We also each got doogh (a yogurt drink) which is carbonated - again, probably contributed to the fullness.  He got kabobs of some sort (I can't remember what kind), while I ordered koresht fesenjan (chicken in a pomegranate and walnut sauce).  It was absolutely delicious, and I was sad that I was too full to finish it.  So I got the rest of it to go and gave it to my dad, since he was flying out that day and could eat some while at the airport.  The total bill was $48, which was quite expensive for lunch for two, but like I said, we ordered way too much food, considering it was lunchtime.  But the quality of the food was fantastic, and Habib came over and talked to us quite a bit and made sure everything was to our liking.  There were quite a few people that came in who you could tell were regulars - they were greeted like they were old friends.

Also check out the market section - they have a large variety of food (some of which we have trouble finding in Florida), so we spent some money in there as well :)
I have been to Habib's a couple of times and like the place.

The kebabs are up to snuff.  One basic place everyone will want to start out at when tasting Persian cuisine is the Koobideh.  If you're Persian you will know right away whether the rest of the menu items will be good and if a follow on visit is needed.  If you are American (and are meat eater like me) it's a safe dish to go with.  I can tell you the Koobideh at Habib's is very good.  The Basmati rice served at this place is also perfect.  

Don't forget the Maast-o Khiar either.  It's another standard to tell you not only how they prepare the food, but also how they hold the items prepared for the day.  A good Maast-o Khiar like the one served at Habib's is always a pleasure.

The Ghormeh Sabzi served was also good.  I would have preferred some lamb in the stew as well.  But a vegetarian Ghormeh Sabzi is always delicious stew.  For you dyed in the wool American out give this dish a chance.  It may look super dark green like overcooked spinach, but the flavor is definitely tasty and nothing like spinach.   

For those reading this review I am not Persian.  But I did fall in love with the food and now cook a wide range of Persian meals often at home.  Habib is not a strictly Persian place as evidenced by having hummus on the menu.  Some of the dishes are a little Americanized to bridge the gap.  But I would say this a decent place to start your love affair with Persian cooking.

Though it's not on the menu you should ask for a serving of Tadig to go along with the stews.  This portion of the basmati rice preparation is a great compliment to the stew. 

As it's been mentioned Habib's interior does have a few failing points.  And the location itself can be easy to miss when tying to find it.  But remember that you came for the food and enjoy yourself.
OVERALL UNSATISFACTORY EXPERIENCE.
On monday July 27th we were a party of four that made the mistake of choosing Habib's to have a late lunch. The restaurant was not busy and to get to it we had to pass through a "strange" market stocking foodstuffs, housewares, giftware, collectibles etc. The store's dangerously overstocked shelves and crowded ailes were most probably non compliant with city safety codes. 
We ordered the following items:

Ghaimeh Stew :   was stale and watery.
Ghormeh Sabzi:  was stale and watery.
Lamb shank with rice: tough shank meat & low quality rice.
Chelo Kabob Barg: tough meat and low quality rice.
Chelo Kabob Koobideh: overcooked meat and low quality rice.
Shirazi Salad : VERY GOOD.
Doogh :  EXCELLENT.
Service: O.K.
THE BILL:  We were shocked at how high our check total was which included an 18% tip already added.
i am not persian but embarressed to see the wine called royal kirre..

shouldnt be there royal kir??come on...be nice..

filemignone was not very bad but nothing compare to atlantas rumis..
The food is decent enough but the service is quite bad. The owner is obviously an unhappy person that doesn't treat his employees well no matter who is around. We had a flyer that offered a free bottle of wine with two entrees. When we enquired about it the owner said we had to spend $50 each person in order to get it, amazing.
Been eating here for 3+ yrs.  The chelow kabob is great whether you prefer Beef Koobideh, Beef Barg, or any of the chicken kabob.  The salad shirazi is also very good and the rice is something to really enjoy, specifically "tadig"!
We attended the grand opening last night of Habib's new location across the street.  It is a much more nicely appointed venue and very large inside.  The market is actually smaller that the old location but still adequate.

Many dignitaries were in attendance including Mayor Goodman & Sheriff Doug Gillespie.  The beef kabob was terrific along with the excellent chicken kabob.  Add to that good rice tadig, two very flavorful khorish (stews) and a tasty salad shirazi.

A belly dancer worked the room along with a great bevy of traditional persian music.

Being a huge fan of persian cuisine, I have to say every visit is at least 4 stars.
Been going here for years, every time in Vegas.  Came to the new location and was pleasantly surprised.  Great lay out and vibe!

The food is the best you'll find in the area for Persian.  I recommend the Grilled Chicken Kabob.
Great food and probably the best atmosphere of any Persian restaurant!

Make sure you ask for the price of specials before you order as the stews were far more expensive than the kabob on the menu.  Approximately double the price.

They bake their own bread, which was fantastic.  The Fesenjoon and Gheimeh Bademjan were delicious!
Nicest Persian restaurant I have ever been to outside of Iran !
This was the worst Persian food I have ever had. The service was even worse than the food. I will never go there again, I have been in many persian restaurants in LA and the Bay Area, this one stands at the bottom of the list. I recommend anything else but Habib.
Avoid it. Owner is crazy and does not treat customers with respect.
This place is spotless, the decor is just amazing. Persian Rugs, Beautiful art and marble. The food is very good. The rice and filet are amazing! The Bread is fresh baked too.
I had heard some things about the owner (Habib) saying that he was a rude person etc etc. During the time I lived in Las Vegas I dined there 2 or 3 times and didn't experience anything too bad BUT during my last visit during a trip to Las Vegas I had an experience with the owner that makes me doubt that I will ever be going back again. I had always heard that the owner was rude and finally saw it with my own eyes.

Habib was taking our order. My mother asked if the fish was fresh and Habib said yes. My father asked again in the most polite words and soft spoken, friendly, respectful tone of voice if the fish was fresh or fresh frozen (my dad eats a lot of fish!)? Habib SNAPPED back in a rude, confrontational and aggressive tone of voice and said "I already answered you once! I do not need your business!" I was frankly shocked. This was after my father had earlier paid him a compliment on his restaurant when we first got there. Frankly it ruined our mood, our meal and whole evening. My mother at this point preferred to leave but we were already there, settled in, tired from travel and we stayed and ate our food.

The persian food here is reasonably good. Nothing spectacular but not disappointing. The prices are high for what is offered though. There are other places in town with better persian food (see reviews for Royal Persis and form your own opinion) but the physical location etc is not quite as nice, although my limited interactions with the owner there have been pretty pleasant. The inside of Habib's is more upscale, say, if you wanted to bring a guest from out of town, but frankly with an owner that can pop off at any moment does it really matter? He can ruin any physical attributes the restaurant has with a few words.

The other wait staff were pretty friendly. I think they may know that the owner acts the way he does and may try to make up for it (or are just trying to avoid pissing him off themselves).
We had low expectations due to the reviews We read on yelp. We were really craving Persian food so we decided to give it a try. We pulled into the parking lot and entered through the market.once we made it to the restaurant I was really surprised at how nice the decor was. This was comparable to some of Las Vegas's finest dining and we are big foodie 's and been to them all. The owner kindly sat us in a booth. That even had fresh roses.  The owner gave us two menus and explained in detail what he offered. We started off with a traditional dish  tadik that was amazing. I ordered the chicken soltani which is a combo plate of bone in chicken and ground  beef style kabob called  kubideh. The food was aboslutely amazing. The owner insisted we try each dish as he waited for our approval. We also ordered the yogurt w cuccumber's to mix in with the rice and all I can say is yum! We will def be back for more Persian. As we gathered the bill the owner even brought me a fresh long stem rose to take home and offered us a tray of mints as a dessert. Not sure how these other reviews received bad service. The owner was very kind and I saw the same service offered to the other 3 tables that dined. If you are craving Persian head to Habib's! You won't be disappointed
Very good food but not a place to go if you are in a hurry. Habib is a very gracious host and explains the entire menu to you if you are a first timer.  It is a very nice restaurant with classy decor. Definately a good place for a fancier dinner date or somewhere to go if you plan on having a conversation with your dinner companions. All of the reccomendations by Habib were wonderful dishes.  I had the lamb and it was so moist and tender and the rice was a fantastic combination of spices and herbs like I've never had before.  The hummus was ok and the pita bread warm and fresh. If I'm in Vegas again I would definately go back.
By far the best Persian cuisine that I have ever had in the US!! I was yearning for Persian food so my friend and I decided to come to Habib's. The ambiance was great. The way the restaurant was decorated was very chic and upscale. My friend and I both ordered the soltani, and mast musir. The owner was a gentleman. He came to our table and greeted us just like you would greet a guest in your own home. The food came out promptly. The kabob was tender and juicy. By far the best I have ever had! We live in San Francisco and wish that Habib's would open up a location in San Francisco. At the end of our dinner, the owner brought my friend and I a rose as a gesture of his appreciation. It was very sweet of him. So don't listen to the negative reviews, go to Habib's and see for yourself. Thank you Habib's Persian Cuisine for your great hospitality. When, we come back to Vegas, we will sure be coming back here again :)
I wasn't sure what to expect based on previous reviews but I really enjoyed this place.

The location is big, very clean, and the tables are set elegantly.  

We had a waiter and the owner both taking care of us (the place was empty at 6pm on Friday).  I can see why people don't like the owner - he has a VERY dry sense of humor.  Personally, I found him really funny and he treated us well even though we tried his patience by asking the same questions over and over (menu is a little confusing and if you don't pay attention you'll forget which item you thought you wanted). 

The waiter didn't do much more than bring drinks and bread but he was very well trained and very attentive to our needs.

I would definately recommend trying it at least once.
NO STAR! 

Went to Habib's with my elder parents/family, Habib the owner also server snapped impatiently right when we walked-in to get seated.  He seemed to be having a bad day and took it out on my parents and I.  He took my moms order and when my mom mentioned she does not want her food overly cooked he was impatient and rude.  My dad wanted to get seated over by the window and he was denied.  When he asked for an explanation, Habib said to him I'm diabetic and can not carry the food from the kitchen to the widow seat near the entry where my dad preferred to get seated.  

Habib said to my dad I'm the owner also management here and I won't allow you to sit there if you don't like it then leave.  By then Habib had taken five of our orders, when it was my turn to order, I was the only one at the table who's order was not taken by Habib, taken-back by Habib's rude behavior I set down the menu and didn't want to order food, therefore, he asked me to leave on front of my family and raced to my seat as well as personal space as if he's going to hit me.  I got up, words were exchanged and he ran to the front grabbing a phone and threatening to call the police.  We were certainly not treated with any respect.

I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS RESTAURANT TO ANYONE.  Habib is a rude jerk and don't know what else to say. That was 30 minutes into our arrival to Las Vegas and starting our family vacation.
This place is absolutely gorgeous inside and the food matches it! Great food,BUT pricey. I would have given it five stars if it weren't so expensive.
This place is a must go for all epicureans! A real must go! We has the pomegranate marinated chicken and the lamb shanks ant they were perfect! but first the dolmas were served  warm and with that squeeze of lemon juice were out of this world! The tabuli was made perfect and so flavorful. The yogurt cucumber salad  made Anet GO WILD! BUT WAIT befor the meal Habib himself came to our table and explained every dish on the menu, I mean every dish! when he is done describing the dishes I wanted one of everything, everything really! This place is classy, from the way the food is served and prepared down to the floor that is polished like a mirror to reflective quality. The man has opinion and a dry sense of humor and will challenge opinions that need to be challenged! The customer is not always right in this place Habib is right, and he truly is. He is charming and has a forever twinkle in his eye that is indeed lovable! He has old customs like serving the the ladies a bite of food and the long stem rose he presented her with on the way out was a great touch. He even offered us complimentary baklava and we were to full to even accept. all in all a must go for epicureans!
The owner was absolutely rude. I came with 3 friends, he was acting as if we own him for coming there. Food was ok, not the best persian food i tried but not the worse. Too bad the owner does ruin his business with his attitude because i would of came back if it wasnt for horrible service i received. Too bad he lost 4 customers because none of us will support this business
Almost in the middle of no where in Vegas! We had to take a cab to get there unfortunately but the food was good. A bit pricey I think but I'll eat there again if i ever visit Vegas and am in the mood of Persian food.
This place is sucks!!!! The service is really bad!!! don't recommend at all. you have to wait at least 20 minutes to get your order!Quality of beef kabob is really bad is like gum when you chew it. The waiters are so impolite and really rude! you waste your money I guarantee you . imagine for getting your bill you have to go and find somebody to come and bring your bill. Managing is sucks. DON'T recommend at all......!!!
Family was on that side of town- random, decided to try it. What a pleasant surprise, when we walked in it wasn't very crowded but when we asked to see the menu, the gentleman up front was so very friendly and accommodating, explaining every thing to us- that I couldn't wait to sit down. The food was delicious and if in that area again, I wold totally hit it. 
Service here was top notch, warm friendly-
This is the worst Persian meal I have had in 40 years. The rice (polloh) was cold, as was the khouideh.  Weak excuse for barbari (bread); our party ended up buying  institutiional packages of sangak and lavash (breads) at an attached food store.The service was terrible, and the owner (Habib) was generally rude to our party of nine.  I imagine part of the problem is just Las Vegas, but we had a reservation for 3 months and deserved much better for the high prices. I would not recommend to anyone.
Excellent place for family. Good food & service.
I was attending a Medical Conference in Las Vegas.  After couple of days, my wife was carving for a good persian food and we decided to Google and came across with Habib's Persian Cuisine.  When we arrived to the restaurant, we were first hesitant that whether we should go there since there were only a few cars parking outside.  I should say that we enjoyed the food and service very much.  We had soup of the day, Hammus, and Barg Kabab.  They were all fresh tasty and high quality.  We went back the second time before we left the town back to Texas.  I highly recommend this place and looking forward to go back to Vegas and try other dishes.
The restaurant is very nice inside. My family and I were impressed by the fresh bread, doogh, and must-khiar. I ordered kabab barg, and though it tasted good and was made with quality beef, it didn't taste much like traditional persian kabab barg. I would agree that the owner doesn't have great social skills, but our waiter was nice and the food was enough to satisfy our craving for Persian food.
I took a party of 6 friends and co-workers there last week when attending a tradeshow in Vegas ... I will never do that again!

Biggest issue:  The bill came and I noticed just about 30% added to the bill as "tax" ... yes, 30%!  When I asked the server about it, he said that that includes 18% as service fee and 8.1% as tax ... and that that is explained in the menu.  I have several issues with this:

1. Shame on me for not reading the menu and the fine print ... my mistake, but if you are reading this review, you don't have to make this mistake.

2. Why am I forced to leave an 18% tip?  The tip is not at my discretion.  If the server is not helpful, I can't express myself in any way.  

3. Why is listed as "tax"?  I bet you most people do not even see it and add tip on top of it automatically!!!  That is stealing!

4. Now, it gets worse:  I asked the server that if there is an 18% service fee plus an 8.1% tax, that adds up to 26.1%.  So, why is there an almost 30% charge?  They add 8.1% to the bill and then they add 18% tip on top of it.  So, the effective percentage for tip is higher than 18%.

Food:  It was no special in any way.  I am very familiar with Persian food.  I have had it in many cities and many countries.  I look for Persian restaurants everywhere I go.  This restaurant is not bad but it is not good either.  The food in NO WAY justifies the prices they charge!  I had chicken with bones, and it was not cooked well.  For appetizer, we had tadig which the crispy rice that is cooked in the bottom of the pan, and we had it with two kinds of stew.  Tadig was good but not enough for 6 people.  Stews were OK, but again not special.

Service:  It was OK.  The server was not really pleasant: smiling or welcoming.  He was not rude or anything, but I felt like we were bothering him being there.  And the place was not busy.  The service in NO WAY justified more than 18% in tip.  But think about it the guy didn't care because he knew he will get his tip any way.  

I will not recommend this place:  not for food, not for service and not for being overcharged!
Stop by for lunch based on Yelp reviews. Tasty food and OUTSTANDING customer service. The owner himself waited on us. Food was delivered promptly. Plates were nicely arranged.  Food very good. The price was very good for quality and service. I was given a long stem red rose upon leaving! I think this experience was a surprising highlight of my business trip.

Can't praise the service enough. You just don't get this type of service anymore.
Best persian food ever.
WOW!

Possibly the BEST Persian food I've EVER had.
Their kabab Bargs are to die for.  LITERALLY! 
We ordered sabzi plate , Mast Musir ,Salad shirazi with the bread as appetizer.OMG!

After the first bite, my face was like a cartoon; my jaw dropped, my tongue rolled out, and I was salivating.  Seriously, it's just that good.

I really really recommend this place .l 5 diamond Star
Habibbbbbb is the rudest, meanest, uglyist, guy I have ever seen as a owner of restaurant. He treats his persian customer so badly, like he is living in Iran or Afghanestan.  He thinks persian people here don't have any right in his restaurant.  last time we were a party of 10 . waiting 2 hours , not that it was crowded , but because he just had one waiter.  the worker are terrified of him.  The food has very low quality, small portion , uncooked, but the price was so high. He charged 35% gratitude which comes with the bill and we had no choice , but to pay.  Bad experience , never go back and don't suggested to anyone. don't let the environment follish you.
First if there is a way to give zero stars, I would give it. 

I took my friends with his kids and my family there for lunch while visiting the city for a trade show. Shame on me for not reading the reviews!

Waiter: The waiter, like others reported on their reviews, was the owner. He was rude, impatient and not interested in providing a traditional service. My son is only tow years old, and ordering a whole meal would have been a waste. So, I politely asked if I could have an extra plate. Waiter was fast to add that he charges $5 for sharing a plate. The first time I heard of such foolish charge.  Our table was in an area where the waiter couldn't reach three of my guests, and we told him that we can pass things down to him. He got upset and made a snappy remark. 

Food:  The food was about average.  Most of us ordered the same dish, and we all had meat that were not cooked all the way. We mentioned it to him at the end of our meal just to bring it to his attention. 

All and all the experience was horrible, and I do t recommend this to anyone.
Disgusting food dirty food nasty people habib the owner is very cheap and charge extra for the food don't come here you get treated like crap wait 2 hours for nothing and get overcharged DO NOT COME HERE FAKE PERSIAN CUSINE THIS PLACE IS AN EMBARESSMENT
I don't know why the other reviewers gave this place  a bad review. I'm from South Orange County California ...being Persian,  I know about Persian food. The food is comparable to what you would get in LA or Orange County and the atmosphere was delightful. From the beautiful decorations and the restaurant furniture, everything was done very classy inside. Like I said earlier, the food is comparable to what you would get in LA or Orange County, but I believe the food is  a little better in California. The service was good and professional, I even spoke to the owner, he didn't sound angry or upset, in fact, he was very pleasant and helpful. Overall I recommend this place.
It was 4:00 pm when we got there. It is a very nice place . But Nobody was in the front desk like 5 minutes. A young boy who doesn't know anything about being a waiter showed up. Led us to a table . then we waited like 15 min to be taken an order. 
Finally , after 35 min we received our lunch while it was not fresh.we asked for the owner after 10 min he showed up. The owner couldn't stand to even listen our opinion.
Any way , i don't recommend expecting good service over there.
Been coming to Habibs for years now.. Never once have had a bad experience. The food is ALWAYS beyond amazing! The ghormeh sabzi is the best I've ever had, so tasteful I can never get enough! Their koobideh is to die for and the chicken kabob is always juicy and delicious!!! Cannot forget the homemade bread that comes before it all, yumm!!!! Habib is always friendly and welcoming! Great service!! He always gives my sister and I roses before we leave, one of my favorite restaurants in town!
I'm a frequent traveler to Las Vegas, my favorite Persian restaurant is Habib's.  I've visited many Persian restaurants across the US, this is the most beautiful.  The quality of the food is suburb and Habib is always happy to accommodate special requests.
This is a small and very plainly furnished establishment on Pecos.  They serve the basics you would expect of a Middle Eastern restaurant: kabobs, salads, taboule, baba ghanoush, hummus, pita bread, gyros, etc. plus a few things I am less familiar with. You place your order at the register and they assemble your order behind the counter. 

I've been here when service has been slow, but the food has always been good and tastes fresh. The tables and chairs have always been clean during my visit.   Parking hasn't been a problem; if you can't park at the storefront there is parking in front of the other nearby establishments.
I love this place for lunch! I'm a chicken kabob lunch special girl. It's not a large portion, but perfect for lunch. And I love the salad dressing. What is it? 

Small and quaint. The staff is always polite. Food some time takes a little while but they always prepare everything fresh. I've been here many times and will continue to go!
I love this place so much. Their rice is a thing of beauty. I've been coming here for years and have never had a bad experience. It's very small but there always seems to be a clean table available. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Food is consistently delicious and my husband loves their baklava.
I was heading to Henderson for an appointment and in an adventurous mood while driving down S. Eastern Ave.  Along the way I looked around for cool places to check out, when the traffic has stopped at traffic lights and it was safe to do of course, for things to do and kind of planning my lunch for the day.

So my first stop was this tiny Asian market that also serves breakfast and boba drinks (it is just next door) and it didn't look too appealing to me.  So I walked next door to Kabob Grill, and reminiscing about the handful of great Persian restaurants I have been referred to try or been taken to in California.  The menu looks simple enough, and they have the basic kabob varieties you expect from a decent Persian restaurant, not to mention one that specializes in kabobs.  And they even have the ground beef kabob (Kabaabe Koobideh) that I prefer over most other items on the menu.  Lunch is already off to a good start!

So after debating if I should get their lunch special or just ordering the same Ground Beef in the Main Dishes section, I went with the Large Main Dishes version of Ground Beef (which is served with rice, onions, pita bread, butter and optional grilled tomato and two skewers of ground beef) at $9.99.  The lunch special version comes with just 1 skewer of meat (except the "Soltani" items, which serves two combinations of skewer meats), rice, salad, onions, pita bread and fountain drink with price ranging from $8.49 to $13.49. In general the Main Dishes items are a $1 more than their equivalent in the lunch specials.

I didn't bother to take pictures of the exterior or interior, thinking that other Yelpers surely have reviewed this place already.  So no photos, except the food I ordered.  But I will say that their display case is beautifully stocked with various canned and bottled beverages and some homemade pastries. The menu and the paint scheme on the wall matches, and utilizes the vibrant green, yellow and white colors.  The dcor is simple, with black marbled-top tables and matching black cushion chairs arranged around the average size dining area of the restaurant.

Anyway, service is okay. It is just another "step up to the counter and order your food, wait for it to be prepared and pick it up at the counter when your number is called" kind of fast casual food service operation. They greet you when you walk in, but not when you have finished your meal and walking out the door.

Food-wise, it looks good. And if you can drool and imagine just how wonderful it tastes just looking at pictures, then they would get 4-5 stars for "food styling".  But based on just trying one item out of the 13 they have available in their Main DIshes section of the menu, I would say this is a 3 stars (A-OK) at best.  My ground beef kabob was juicy (always a plus), but flavor and seasoning-wise it was just okay. Just like a McDonald's burger is okay, but not potentially awesome like the much more expensive gourmet burger from Burger Bar, and you are not paying all that much.

BUT I was disappointed that they did not served the "optional" grilled tomato, which is clearly shown in the sample photos for the items. I am not sure if you have to specify you want the "optional" grilled tomato, or they simply just don't have it (not likely, since they served sliced tomatoes in the salads I see others ordering) or forgot to put it on my plate.  And I have to say the juiciness and sweetness of the tomato really adds to the flavor profile of the dish, and helps cut the feeling of fattiness mouthfeel after consuming some of the kabob.

Value for the money -  2 stars compared to most restaurants in the fast casual category.  But Persian foods have always cost a little more at restaurants, so I guess 3 stars compared to other Persian kabob fast casual restaurants.

Interesting stuff (at least I think it is) - Kabob Burgers. Kabobs served with the onions, sliced tomato and a lettuce stuffed between burger buns.

They also have an interesting Appetizers and Salad menus. Babaganoush looks good in the picture.  And I want to try their inexpensive but still interesting Shirazy Salad (chopped tomatoes, cucumbers, red onions, parsley topped with lemon juice and olive oil for $3.99).
 
This is my first Yelp review of a Persian "restaurant" in Las Vegas, so I will give it a 3 stars. Par for the course to compare others to, otherwise it would be a 2 stars for not going above and beyond the bare minimal in service, food preparation and omitting item (I want that grilled tomato gosh darn it!) that should come with the food you order.

Promotions (any day after 5pm): 
* Buy 2 Main Dishes and Get 1 Free
* 10% off any purchase of $50 & up 

Hours 11am - 8pm
Phone Number: (702)43KABOB or 435-2262

Same plaza as Pin Kaow 3 and Red Mango (on S. Eastern), across the street from Nielsens Frozen Custard.
Person in front of us complained about their wrong order, then 10 min later i was helped. Employee was flustered and rude. He answered the phone in the middle of tsking sn order and instead of puting them on hold talked to them for literally 10 min, which is a long time. Then he stopped to tell the lady cook how to do orders, seriously?! Then he took my order, everyone else waiting for their food had problems with their order and how long it took. I waited 45 MINUTES FOR MY FOOD AT A COUNTER ORDERED JOINT!!! They forgot my baklava, and i ordered seasoned fries, i got none, then asked about it and mentioned how long it took and he honestly said these words exactly, "I can just give you your money back and you can go to a fast food place." Are you kidding me! I had to be somewhere for work and if I am a very kind, patient person, because I work in the F&B industry but never in my life have I ever had this worse of service. I wish I could give them 0 stars. I was floored!
The place has a happy feeling around it and the people are really nice. Their lunch special is a good value and I like the fact that you can customize it even more by switching around the side dishes.
100% satisfied love the food and gr8 service thank you
I used to eat Kabob grill on Sunset and Pecos, too bad, the place closed, the food is very good, I love the rice texture and its flavory, I am Asian and It has been my first time experiencing Middle Eastern Foods, 
the staff is very nice,
the price is decent,
would recommend
Ok, let me tell you about this place. FYI: I am a real customer, not a family member. So be warned, this is a real review.

The only thing truly Persian here is the attitude.

I wish this was a friendlier place. The food is ok. Not bad, not great. Has a clean Plebeian atmosphere.

The food is overpriced and they wont give you half rice and half salad with your meal, a standard in Los Angeles. No, you must eat 3 pounds of rice with your meal.

They are also super slow. If there is a line, you will wait!

The Kabob is a little undercooked. No caramelized meat here.

The staff does not know a lick of Farsi. So dont ask for ghormeh sabzi.

They dont have  most home made Persian dishes. 

Why cant they open up an authentic Persian restaurant here?

One more thing, they give you a pat of butter for your rice with the to-go dinner. However, they put it in the same box so if you have to go more then 100 feet before you eat, its melted all over your food. And the close very early.
First time here ... it was alright. i ordered the chicken kabob nothing special and nothing bad. The service seemed kinda slow. Chicken was tender the rice tasted buttery. Give it a try you might like it. For me i think i will pass next time.
If you want great-tasting and authentic middle eastern food you have to try this place out! All the kabobs are delicious - juicy and full of flavor - but my favorite is the chicken. The portions are huge, the prices are decent and the service is awesome! What more could you ask for? Plus, I don't consider this fast food. It tastes too good to be fast food! Your stomach will always be satisfied after eating here. :)
We have been to Kabob Grill many times since they opened their new location on Eastern. We always get the Chicken Soltani [Ground Beef & Chicken Kabob] dish which is served over a bed of rice, with raw onions and a grilled tomato and their Hummus [with pita bread]. We once tried the Eggplant Dip [which contains Grilled Eggplants blended with Tomatoes, Eggs and Garlic) and is served HOT; it was good, but their dips are a little overpriced. It is a great place to get authentic middle eastern eats at a "reasonable" price with quick service. I will say that while their prices in general are "fair", their charge for their "dips" [i.e. Hummus] is a little much, but I guess it is a tough economy. The service, in general, has always been above-par.
Amazing food. My hubby loves the chicken kabob here. Must visit place. But the serving dish quantity changes everytime we visit there. Its not consistency.
A bit pricey but healthy and tasty.
The veggie kabob lunch special is delicious. Zucchini, tomatoes, onion, mushrooms and bell pepper all seasoned to perfection and grilled. Paired with rice and salad then add a side of hummus to complete your meal!!! Yummy!!
Awesome service here! The lady who took my order was very kind and helpful! I LOVE it when I have great service at any place (shops, restaurants, etc)

I wanted to eat outside and she was more than willing to bring my food out side for me (after I told her I was eating inside when ordering.) But I decided to be spontaneous since it was a nice day out (yet windy.)  One of the many reasons why I had to go back in to give them a tip $, since it was rather windy outside. I'll be back! :) I forgot to use the 10% check in offer though... :( oh well, next time!

Btw... the food was great, I had the greek salad. It was more than enough, huge plate of salad and huge slices of lamb and the sauce automatically came on the side. :)
Best kabob place in the area! Service is quick & it's always hot & fresh. We always start with the hummus. I order the chicken skewer and hubby orders the combo skewers. The bell peppers and onions are delicious too.
Do It. This place is clean, fast, affordable, and TASTY!
Very disappointing. Ordered delivery and Kabob was overcooked, appetizers were bland, pita was cheap, store bought kind.
Shish Kabob & Chicken Gyro is so good with the Shirazy Salad yummy!!!..;)))
Food is fantastic, service is quick, atmosphere is like chipoltle or baha grill, very clean, set up for speed not ambiance.  Prices are a bit high but everything is fresh and made to order.
First time - and we'll be back!
Had the Chef's Special of a combo chicken & steak.  Yum!  Tender and juicy and the rice is addicting.  Also had a side of vegetables.  Great combo and plenty of food for two under $20 (used a 10% off coupon from checking in on Yelp).
So I really wanted a Greek salad, and I stopped here b/c the place down the street was closed for repairs. Dang it, my luck. Im glad I read the menu prior to ordering because it states that all the salads have CARROTS, onions etc....carrots? In a Greek salad? I questioned the guy behind the counter, he confirmed it, I asked if the salads were from a pre mix bag, because that's what I'm thinking now, he said no they make them, then the dressing is a creamy house dressing? Huh? He saw the disappointment on my face. How can you call it a Greek salad? So I went with the beef tenderloin kabob, it was ok, saffron rice was good, that's how they got bumped from 2 stars to 3.  I asked for the optional tomato and onion, but the onions weren't grilled, just sliced with some cilantro, bummer. I should have went to Pin Kaow.
Amazing food & exquisite service. If you live in Vegas make sure you stop by Kabob Grill and see for yourself. Fun, different, and authentically Persian. The combination of quantity and festive atmosphere goes hand in hand with the consistent food quality. I will definitely go back!
Let me say that my palate is pretty vanilla. I don't really like to dive into new cuisines. A coworker convinced me to try this place during lunch, and I did so hesitantly.

I stuck with something simply - chicken kabob lunch special which was about $9 bucks. It came with a drink, salad, rice, grilled veggies pita and of course chicken.

To my surprise it was actually good stuff. The rice melted in my mouth, and was nicely decorated with a sprinkle of saffron flavored rice. The chicken was moist. Even the salad was amazing, and I usually don't like greens. It had a very tasty dressing, which made it irresistible. 

I have been back a couple of times, and will be back. I will say that you don't get that much chicken, so if you're really hungry order a double kabob.

Other than that - enjoy!
I work right upstairs!  They deliver! :P

I've had this place quite a bit..and I enjoy it every time.  I especially love the tzatziki sauce.  

I actually had my first gyro experience unbeknownst to me that it was in fact lamb.  I forgot that I wanted a beef gyro instead... and ended up with the lamb.   Though I don't want to knock it, it was delicious... but lamb texture is not what I'm used to.  For some reason I was a little queasy, which I'd like to say now that I'm sure it was just me... and not the food.  I enjoyed it!  But there was just something unsettling about eating lamb.  ... but that's just me.  

Second time around I had the single ground beef kabob and it was delicious!  I had it with rice, pita bread, & grilled onion and tomato... Love this and had  it a couple other times following...

I've also had a beef wrap which I very much enjoy... but not as much as the ground beef kabob with the rice.. 

Again, I love the tzatziki sauce... with EVERYTHING and not just the salad.  

Since I work right upstairs, I will probably become a duchess or regular sometime soon!  I've very happy that it's in this plaza...

[WHICH IS A BAD ASS PLAZA... it has EVERYTHING!]
This was my first choice to satisfy my sudden gyro craving. We park and immediately smell the deliciousness of Kabob Grill in the air. The restaurant was busy, which is usually an excellent sign. The inside is bright and clean, with the employees in uniform. 

We mosey to the counter, totally ready to order my gyro combo and had my check-in coupon ready. Yay, gyro craving is about to be satisfied! 
And then my hopes and dreams were unceremoniously squished: "I'm so sorry, but we're out of gyro meat." Whaaaaat? This was hours before closing time. How do they not have enough gyro meat ro get through a day?!

Ill go back and see if I can get a gyro some other day (could have just been a superbusy day in the gyro business!), but I admit my excitement has soured a bit.
I love Persian food. This place is amazing. Its clean, fresh, fast and delicious! I ordered the joojeh kabob & beef koobideh with shirazi salad on the side.plus drink included!!! Loved it.

It is a little off the strip but they Said they would deliver for a nominal fee. I just might do that next time in town. 

Highly recommend it.
So last time I came here, I left without food because they had run out of gyro meat. Now I know why. I could eat a metric ton of the stuff! 

I had a gyro combo (there's a picture here somewhere!) to go. I'm pretty sure there were angels singing somewhere when I opened the box. There was a pile of fries, a small cup of ketchup (how thoughtful!), a big cup of tzatziki sauce (literally, about a cup of sauce) and the foil wrapped gyro. The gyro itself had tomato and onion slices, a bit of parsley and a heap of meat so big it didn't quite fit in the pita. That meat...mmmm. Perfectly spiced and sliced! The whole thing was huge and I snarfed it down with gusto!

Plenty of delicious food at the right price. I can't wait to go back and try some more of their menu. There are some very Mediterranean items on it, but this restaurant makes them seem completely accessible, rather than intimidating.
I've ordered Kabob Grill from Eat24Hours.com a few times on Sundays when I was feeling exceptionally lazy (if laziness was an Olympic event, on any given Sunday I'd be the Usain Bolt of it).   I love that it provides a delivery option in my area that isn't pizza or chinese/thai, though I have mad love for both of those options.   Respect due to pizza hut.   Anyway, the thought of hot and fresh gyro meat and falafel balls being delivered to my doorstep as I sit on my bed unshowered watching reruns of No Reservations sends me into euphoria.  

On this day I had a $5 off coupon emailed to me from Eat24Hours which made it all even more appealing, and I ordered some falafel appetizers, a gyro salad, and chicken soltani, which consists of a chicken kabob along with a piece of kabob koobideh, which is a skewered minced meat kabob, all on top of a heaping of basmati rice.  Delivery was estimated to happen between 45 and 60 minutes, and I was happy when a delivery driver from Kabob Grill rang my doorbell 30 minutes later.  The first item I tried was the falafel.   I found it to be a nice version of one of my favorite foods, though texture-wise it was a little different than I'm used to as I could still make out little pieces of chopped up carrots within the fried outer shell.  It wasn't off-putting in the least, but I do slightly prefer a uniform texture throughout that I'm used to.  Next I tried the Gyro Salad, and while the gyro meat was plentiful and tasty, I was a little disappointed that there was no feta cheese.  Now I must say the menu doesn't mention feta so there shouldn't be any expectation of feta from me in that sense... no, I take it back, I WANT FETA!   The veggies seemed fresh and crisp and overall I was pleased otherwise.   Lastly to the Chicken Soltani.  The pieces of chicken skewer were large, moist and flavorful, which is about all you can ask for from chicken in my opinion.   The koobideh kabob also had a great flavor to it, and I enjoyed stuffing a piece of pita with rice and one meat or the other and some veggies.   This actually brings me to my biggest disappointment of the entire order (feta notwithstanding).   There were only 2 pieces of pita provided with this meal!  I don't mean two large pieces either, I'm talking two small triangles that would normally last 20 seconds in any given mediterranean restaurant I might dine in.  Instead I found myself rationing them out like I was stranded on a desert island.  Maybe I'm used to being spoiled with Pita from Hedary's, but  I felt like there should be some extra considering the amount of food ordered.

When it's all said and done, I can highly recommend Kabob Grill to satisfy your delivery (and probably take out/dine-in) cravings, though you might want to have some feta in the fridge and order an extra side of pitas to make yours a 5 star experience.
I do not recommend. This place is expensive for what it is. They were unaware they even have this Yelp promotion. They hesitantly gave me 10% off one of my entrees but not my entire order. A group of 3 people(that looked like they knew the worker) arrived and placed their order after me, but got their order before me. Just bad customer service.
I go here quite a bit and am always astounded by the poor service given by the owners. I asked for my side salad to be switched out for fries. Their salad is made with cheap lettuce and a disgusting dressing. They can't do it because "it's a free small salad", well then why can't you exchange it for free small fries? The cheap fries from a bag you serve can't cost more than the salad. I'm not asking much, throw 6 fries on my plate and make a customer happy. 

The food is pretty good which keeps me coming back for more and is pretty reasonable. Don't go there expecting quick service though. Considering you order at a counter it shouldn't take as long as it does. 

The falafel is a little greasy and I am not even sure if they are homemade. Their hummus is good though. 

I can't account for any of the meat dishes as I am a vegetarian. I also have gotten great service from people who work there who are not the owners. Don't go in expecting to be treated nicely though, go for the cheap mediocre food.
Love the food. Go here a lot and they are very nice too.
I was originally going to Elixir but apparently they were closed. It was pouring and I was hungry and I saw Kabob Grill glowing in the rain. So nice. Very clean, very friendly, very helpful. And so yummy, especially on a rainy day. If it wasn't so far from me, I would probably be here once a week!!!!
Very friendly service followed by good food! We had beef kabob and gyro wrap, and they were very good.  Only thing I found odd was the appetizer was served last and without pita.
Yelp. No. 

I've noticed that yelp reviews in vegas from off the strip can't be trusted. I cannot believe this place has 4 stars. I came in for lunch and ordered from the lunch menu. I was either jipped or the picture on the menu lies to you. I only received one small kabob for my order that cost me $9. Rip off much? My favorite part of the meal was probably the rice..... Sad, I know. 

Not to mention it took me 20 minutes to get my food when I was the only customer there. Isn't this kind-of a fast food joint anyways?
This is pretty much our go-to lazy weeknight delivery place. 

Hummus and babaghanoush are outstanding, and the portions are great, if you get the sampler it's easily enough food for 2-3 people. 
They also have the best falafel I've had in a long time. 

The only thing keeping me from 5 stars is they don't deliver after 7:00 pm, when I asked them why, they said because they close at 9:00. It obviously doesn't take more than 2 hours for this kind of food, so that was a little confusing, and just a little inconvenient.
This is a review of our visit this week.  This was our second visit as we always give places a second chance.  Our first visit was when they had just opened and so it's been a while now.  I had the falafel wrap ($6.99) and the eggplant dip ($5.99) with a side of rice ($3.99).  My hubby had the falafel wrap ($6.99) and a grilled chicken wrap ($6.99).  Our order came up to about $30 after we received 10% off from checking in on Yelp.  When we walked in there was a group of 4 ladies eating dinner.  We overheard them talking about their food saying how good it was so we were very excited to get our food in hopes that it is better the second time around.  We ordered for take out.  The order took longer then the normal wait for the place to be empty but we were in no rush.  

After we received our order, we rushed home to eat.  The eggplant dip (Grilled seasoned eggplants blended with roasted tomatoes, eggs, and garlic sauce.) was served with warm pita bread was out of this world!  From what I remember of their baba ganoush...this is certainly much better as I didn't care much for the other (and I love just about every eggplant dish there is!).  I ate the dip with the pita and also on top of my side of rice.  The rice was also amazingly nice and fluffy; however very greasy from the looks of the bottom of the to go box.  It didn't stop me from inhaling all of the rice.  My wrap was filled with 3 good portions of falafel.  It was served with a side of salad (nothing special as it was just some ice berg lettuce thrown in the to go box).  There was also a side of Tahini sauce which went well on top of the wrap.  Will definitely be back!
Great, great, great service

The food here was awesome, the price was right, and the staff is I-N-C-R-E-D-I-B-L-E.

I got the Chicken Breast Soltani plate with rice and a green salad. The meat was juicy and flavorful while not being overly seasoned. The rice was buttery and well cooked while the salad was crisp and fresh.

The hummus was awesome, but the best part of the meal was the pita bread. They bake it in house and it was hot when we got it. There are few things better than fresh bread. There are even fewer things better than fresh pita.
Eastern's hidden Mediterranean jewel: Kabob Grill.  

It's not your typical Greek fare with the blue and white decor, cheesy photos on the walls (and or a mural).. No, it very much feels like a fast foodie sort of place with the exception that the place is super clean, not tacky, and I concur with other people's comments about the stellar service.

The food was outstanding!!! I ordered the chicken salad (thanks to the Yelper that recommended this) and my boss ordered the Gyro lunch special.  We both agreed that the salad dressing was incredible!  Alas, everything looked so delicious (and after confirming this with one bite), I ate my entire meal without so much as a thought to take a photo of it. I'm sorry :( 

Bright side is, I crave delicious Greek eats often so there will be future opportunities for me to try and capture the tastiness in a photograph.

There were complaints about price, and sure, they are a bit high but consider this: have you really come across quality ingredients, friendly staff, clean establishment, and delicious food that IS super cheap? Ok, maybe, but it's rare.

D-LICIOUS. That is all.
If you love Mediterranean food, this is a great place to dine on the southeast side! 

Although its a fast food spot. The food was as good as any sit down dinner that I have experience. 

I ordered the appetizer sampler where you get to pick 3. I chose hummus, babaghanoosh and tabolleh salad. Served with lots of warm pita bread, this is enough for more than 2. After eating all of the tabolleh which was fresh and lemony, I then tried the hummus and babghanoosh. Both full of flavor. Plenty left over to take home along with the pita bread. 

Looking forward to having the leftovers tomorrow. I'll be going back to try a beef kabob soon. I'll be sure and take someone with me so I can have it and split some more appetizers.
My first time in here. Overall the food was great but It just took especially long to receive it. The manager said that their ticket printer for the cooks messed up, maybe ran out of paper so I sat there and waited for 20 min.

 I asked about the long wait and at that point the manager had just then told me about the mix-up so he offered to comp my meal which I thought was a good way to handle the situation. He was very apologetic and sincere in the way he handled this. That's about all one can ask for when something like that happens. 

I got a beef tenderloin wrap and their chicken wings and rice. The meat in the wrap is tender and cooked right with good flavor. The chicken wings I liked they had flavor all the way through from whatever they marinate them in. Both dishes I got I would order again. I also tried the hummus and pita bread which was really good as well. Great meal overall I was very pleased. Without the comp it would have cost about $23 for this meal. I feel it's a little pricy but it is good quality food though so I will return and give them more business.
Chicken kabob, baba, must o khiar, falafel, baklava, hummus, all really good. If it did not feel a little "fast foodie" it would be better.
I recommend the chicken kabob highly. The baklava is, according to my wife, fantastic. The hummus was good, and the baba ganoush was awesome.
I will be going back.
When I walked in today, I was pleased by how friendly the staff was- this was the most memorable part of my experience. It was obviously my first time, and the cashier was happy to answer my questions and tried his best to describe the rice to me. I should have asked for a sample but I digress.

I ordered the Gyro combo plate, which comes with fries and a fountain drink. I should have ordered an extra side of salad (which comes with the regular gyro wrap, but is replaced by fries in the combo), because the wrap was brimming with delicious meat but could have used more onion and tomato (I like a little more crunch in my gyros). I was also happy that the pita bread was as good as other Yelpers described. You can tell it's fresh. I would have tried the hummus or babaganoush, but was afraid the portion would have been too big for one when followed by a gyro.

Overall, solid place, but definitely wouldn't drive past Yassou! to get here.

PROS:
Friendly Staff
Good Gyros
Tzatziki sauce and pitas were especially wonderful

CONS:
Not enough veggies in the wrap (YES, I SAID IT!!)
No individual appetizers (more of a suggestion)
I've been here a few times to satisfy a gyro sandwich craving but decided to try one of their lunch specials during this visit. I had the gyro plate and unfortunately, not as good as their gyro sandwich. The plate includes: gyro meat, rice, pita bread, a side salad and fountain drink. The meat was definitely the redeeming element of the plate but everything else left a lot to be desired. The rice was mediocre, the salad consisted of low quality iceberg lettuce with a pretty bland dressing and two small pieces of pita bread. 

Kabob Grill makes a fantastic gyro sandwich but the gyro plate at Stephano's Greek and Mediterranean Grill (located 5 minutes away down Eastern) is far better. To be clear, if you're looking for a top notch gyro sandwich, give Kabob Grill a shot.
So, Cafe Zupas was closed because the kitchen had a fire. "Wtf" was my initial reaction. My second reaction was "now what do we eat?" My stomach was growling and I could feel the grump emerging from within. I didn't want to travel far, so across the parking lot we ventured to Kabob Grill. 

Arrived around 830 pm, they close at 9 and it was busy. 3 families already eating when we got there and 3 more arrived during our meal. For a small place, it was pretty crowded. I saw a free appetizer with yelp check in (obviously with a purchase of an entree). My friend and I decided since we were getting a free appetizer, we might as well share the entree. We opted for the hummus and the chicken kabob plate. The hummus was smooth, rich and tasty. I added their flavorful olive oil to it, which made it even more amazing. The pita bread that it was served with was warm, thick and soft. I could have made that a meal in itself, but alas I ran out of pita bread :( The chicken kabob plate arrived and I'm glad we decided to split it. The meat was tender. The rice cooked perfectly. And it came with tomatoes and onions!!!! I was freaking ecstatic over the onions. I'm glad we picked this place. 

Like I said, it's a little place and the tables are cramped together. It must get crazy busy during lunch times. Will def be back to try their stuffed grape leaves and gyros.
Mmmm love this place chicken is perfectly seasoned and so tender. My favorite is the chicken kabob with rice it's so good I haven't really tried other stuff there. But staff is great and I love it's a mother and son duo that opened it.
The best food, service, quality & value! Try the "Wing Kabobs" I here they are amazing....
I love finding little hidden gems while driving around. This little tiny place I found and so glad I tried them!

The service was great, considering my inconsiderate self strolled in 15 minutes before closing! :-/ (rude!) Anyhow-they were polite, food was great and never felt like I needed to inhale my food and go. I ordered the Grilled Chicken Soltani and it was made to perfection! Chicken was flavorful, nicely grilled, rice was fresh, overall just delicious! Good job to the owner and staff!
Driving by and hungry not close to my favorite place I thought I would give it a shot.  Walk in the place is clean service is friendly.  Check out the menu I decided on the Grilled Kafta one of my favorites.  

I did not want the extra pita so I asked and paid for a small amount of salad instead + a tip.  After my 20 minute drive home I found out no salad.  Oh well, plenty of other places to eat on this side of town when im here.  The flavor was good but just not like my favorite place.  

Not bad but not great either...
We (4 of us) were regulars here - and loved the menu, food and service - I would have given it 5 stars.  HOWEVER.....We went there this week and were very disappointed that they changed their menu format.....It's almost ala carte style now.  My favorite used to be the chicken combo which included a salad and half a grilled tomato.  I ordered the "New" chicken kabob, and did not like it with green peppers and onions and did not care for the whole grilled tomato that was not .75 extra.  And the plates that they now use seem "cheap".  Needless to say we will not be back.
For Persian food it was pretty good.  Persian food is one of my favorites.  However the portion size of the kebabs was small.  Great rice, great mustomusir.  I will be back.
Hubby and I have only been inside a couple of times, but it's easily one of my favorite places. We used to get delivery from here a lot, but they stopped delivery so we were forced to stop by! :) I'm not complaining considering the service is very good. 

I always get the falafel wrap and my husband and I share the sampler platter. The hummus is absolutely amazing! Very creamy and the olive oil they use has a nice, light flavor. The Israeli salad is my favorite, I pretty much put it on everything. Their falafel is also one of the best I've had and it never disappoints! Being almost 8 months pregnant, I pretty much crave it constantly so I can't wait to grab some soon for my birthday.
Sooooooo good! The staff is amazing and so nice. We ran out of Pita and I went to order more, willing to pay and instead the brought more out for us, plus more samples of food to try. Chicken kabob, falafel and gyro, Greek fries and hummus were perfect.
5 stars because it's fast, soooo tasty, reasonably priced, and they have lots of somagh on deck for the rice. Not in those little packets either! Take it from me (I'm Persian) , I know good kabobs and this place is super awesome!
Great little place for Mediterranean food. My favorite is the gyro salad. They give you plenty of meat and they use romaine lettuce. Dressing is also delicious.
Good food, the restaurant atmosphere is more of a fast food atmosphere with good quality food. Last time I was there I found out they no longer offer tabouli which is what I gave them a four star instead of a five.
My favorite gyro and kabob spot in Las Vegas.  Consistently good quality with superb flavors...  Additionally,  the best tasting rice anywhere!!!
Serving persian food in fast food setting. Very clean and well done food. I had chicken kabob plate and cucumber and yogurt. Liked the quality of food and the atmosphere. The lady un the counter was noce and helpful. The food was reasonably priced. Liked the freshly baked bread as well. I recommend if you are passing through the area of working close by. Not suitable for parties of dates ! Lol
The food is delicious, but I thought it was a little over priced for the amount of food I received.  I had a take out order of the beef soltani and eggplant dish. For 14.99 the soltani came with a small and slender piece of kubideh and beef tenderloin.
One of my favorite lunch spots near my office. The food is always fresh and delicious. I love the chicken and ground beef kabobs!
Great food and friendly people, the grape leafs were smaller than I am used to but still good.
I'm used to this awesome place in Chicago but this place is pretty good. I had the chicken kabob platter with pita and hummus. I got two skewers of chicken kabobs on top of a large portion of rice. The rice looked plain but when you add the lemon that they include to it, it is fire! The hummus was ok and the two pita rounds that they give you are plenty. 90% of the skewers were chicken. I like veggies so I was a little disappointed with the amount of them on the kabobs. I do wish the chicken and the hummus had more flavor but the rice made up for that. The service was great and they were fairly quick with my order. They even bring it out and hand it to you while you're seated. I'd like to try the Gyro next time and see where that stands but I'll try it again for sure! :)
This is a terrific lunch option. I had a chicken kabob platter over their house salad with a side of pita and hummus. The chicken was well marinated and delicious, but the real winner was the hummus! It was incredible! I actually took my leftover hummus home and snacked on it afterwards. And the pita was so soft and delicious. 

The prices are fair and the restaurant is very clean. Good location on Eastern. The service was friendly and, although it did take a little while to get my platter, it was well worth the wait!  

There was a check-in offer for a free fountain drink, which is a plus. Will definitely be back for lunch soon.
We eat here often! It's a bit pricey for chicken & rice but it's healthy & it's a great alternative to fast food other than pizza & like I said, that's healthy!! Love their hummus & pita bread & their house dressing for their salad is so yummy. Their customer service is always good, they just seem like nice guys.
I've had take out here about 3 times now and it has always been good! I always call in before  I go so I don't have to wait and it's ready in about 10 minutes... The service is friendly especially the gentleman who I assume is either the manager or owner. You order the counter and there is both indoor and patio seating available. The prices are fair as well as the portions.. The dolmas (stuffed grape leaves) are addicting and have a delicious lemon taste to them! 


HOT TIP: If you like vinaigrette for your salad then request the lemon and oil dressing upon ordering.. If not, they usually give you a creamy sauce.. Also, they can toss the salad for you in the dressing and some special Mediterranean seasoning if you request it!
Visited for the first time yesterday and had to come back again today.... Fresh, delicious and definitely has it's own touch. I love Mediterranean and this is my new #FAV!
I absolutely love Kabob Grill. Their chicken is fresh and juicy. I was a little intimated by the amount of rice they give with their kabob plates, but the rice is SO good, you won't be able to stop eating it. 

They are also super fast. I called, placed my order and they said my food would be ready in 15 minutes. I came 5 minutes earlier and my food was handed to me immediately. 

My plate came with a side, so I asked for hummus. I don't know if it was a goof up, but the hummus did not come with pita.  Make sure you ask for pita with the hummus. 

I definitely recommend this place if you're looking for fast, healthy Mediterranean food.
I love this place. The food is  perfectly seasoned, the Greek fries are amazing, and the service is always with a smile! Great lunch spot for me...but I'd drive the 20 miles from home to enjoy it as well!! Everything is made with LOVE!!!
Excellent food and service.  For an appetizer, the falafel dish was tasty and I followed that up with the chicken kabob entree.  A friend of mine was also very pleased with the veggie combo 1 dinner.

The wait staff was very courteous and I'm guessing it was the owner that came over and asked us how the dinner was going.
after too long of a hiatus, i convinced coworkers that it was well worth the drive (and extra lunch-time). a few wary members of the group accepted the challenge of trying something new.

as expected, everything was most delicious. two veggie combos (one of each I and II), grape leaves, an armenian salad, and lamb kabobs were enjoyed to the point where most plates were completely emptied.

my hummus and tabouli were scrumptious, the falafel was not as garbanzo-ey as i'm used to, but still very good. the baba ganoush was a little more tart than i'm used to, but the yummy bread offset that enough.

the atmosphere and service were quite nice. there were a few tables with 2-6 people at them, and one server; yet it didn't feel like we had to wait very long for anything.

i'll return sooner than later!
Just went here tonight for my birthday, based on the other Yelp-ers reviews...and wasn't disappointed.

It's a small, clean, cozy restaurant. I was afraid we'd have to wait a while-being a Friday and not having reservations-but when we got there there weren't many tables being used. Shortly after we got there, it got pretty busy, so we lucked out.

All four of us were pleased with our meals. I had the kabob special(lamb, chicken and kafta), others had the kafta, seafood special of the evening, and the steak kabobs(he's not too adventurous--but he tried my lamb and LIKED it!)

The meat was nicely seasoned...but not overly so. The hummus was good(but not my favorite) and the basmati rice was delicious. The boring boy who had the steak said that the potatoes with his meal were fab. 

I would definitely go again(besides, there were so many things on the menu that I want to try--I have to!)
The Shish Cafe is excellent!  Being a typical small town Wisconsin girl, I'm pretty wary of "new things".  I don't think I've been to a Mediterranean restaurant in my life.  I was totally unprepared for the deliciousness of shawarma, and the hummus, and the iggie!!  Honestly, I can't wait to go back.

Also, I assume it's the dude that runs the place that is especially friendly and showed me the shaker with the yummy spice on the table and he said it was "his spice".  okay!  it's good!

My only complaint is that really, the entrees are all priced like $4 too much to warrant going here as much as I'd like.
Phenomenal!
I don't mean just the restaurant.....even the fact that this is the 8th review in a row that has rated this place at 5 stars....and well worth it, I must say.

The place is a nice cozy homey little joint tucked away on University.
To start with, they bring out this yummy bread that you eat with olive oil mixed with the 'house spice'...which is delicioussssssss.
The food was amazing...I think had the lamb kebab, which was succulent. The hummus was great, so was the rice. Portions were good.
The wife had the minced meat kebab....which was TO DIE FOR. Seriously. The best kebabs I have ever had. EVER. It came with a tahini sauce, which was delishhhh.

All in all, I'd go there more often...if it were just a little cheaper.
Service was a little slow...but it was Friday night..and the food made up for it.
The food comes in good portion for the price--my main reason for giving it 4 star. The taste is above average, but not impressive enough; it's an ethnic restaurant good enough for a town of Madison's size and geographical location. It's definitely worth going back to, though. I suppose lunch will be a better deal.  The staff was very attentive and friendly.

We went there for dinner. They served naan (more crispy and dried than at the Indian restaurants. kinda like crackers almost) with high-grade olive oil + home-made spice mix. The spice mix was really good. I suppose the naan would have tasted better if it was softer to soak up some olive oil. 

We ordered lamb borek and seafood pasta/noodle. The borek was really good, one of the best lamb dish I've had in Madison. The flavors were well-balanced and ingredients were fresh. I'm glad they didn't over season the food so that you can find use for the yogurt sauce that comes with it (yogurt sauces have a mild flavor). The pastry was baked well--mostly uniform thickness throughout. The seafood pasta was kinda like shrimp scampi, and the flavor was average--it's a fail-proof dish and easy on the palate. 

The Syrian tea was a bit diluted. The Baklava was above average (not great) cuz' I could taste the honey being substituted with sugar. Good thing they didn't over-sweetened it.

Overall, good dining experience though.
I just had to update my review to say that I went to dinner at the Shish recently and it was packed!  The service was very slow, but it was no big deal.  I just wanted to commend the staff on being very gracious about the situation, as there was a table with 2 assholes next to me complaining about not being served right away and lying to their waitress about how long they had waited.  Apparently, one of the servers wasn't there, and on top of that, it was very busy.

Anyway, the food there is still totally excellent.  My favorites are the iggie, the spinach tuna, the salmon, and the chicken shawarma.
Our absolute favorite place in Madison. The food is suberb and the staff very accommodating and kind.  LOVE IT!
Shish Cafe is one of my "happy" places. I know that I will always eat too many pieces of nice warm pita, stuff myself with deliciousness and still come home with leftovers for the next day. On really bad days, I call ahead and watch TV while doing all of the above. Consistently great food, nice waitstaff, re-heats well the next day. Who could ask for more?
This place is rather eclectic for the area it's in (Far West Madison; Middleton?) and really seems out of place. But, that aside their food is quite excellent and the the wait staff are friendly! It's mostly hybrid Mediterranean (Tunisian?) dishes and there are several vegetarian options! Bonus on that. Overall, I'd go back and didn't give it a 5 because the prices are a bit outrageous. C'mon, fellas! We're not in the Upper East Side...
I can't believe its taken me this long to review this place.  

I'm going to keep this brief:

Don't let the strip mall scare you, they serve THE finest middle eastern food in Madison at prices that make it a true value.  Mediterranean Cafe ranks as one of the best in Madison but Shish's menu is more extensive and more 'high end' (ie salmon, meats, etc).  

The service is family-oriented and the space inside that ugly strip mall will pleasantly surprise you.   Music is authentic as well.
This place was the highlight of my trip to Madison.  Thank you Yelp, for helping us find a really incredible place to eat.  We got here about 10 minutes before they were about to close, and it kind of felt like they didn't want to take any new customers.  I would have been more understanding if I had actually known they were about to close - we thought they were going to be open for several more hours.  We were eyeballed for a few minutes with no one coming to talk to us, but then were seated after a few minutes of waiting.

Immediately the four of us went after the Shish sampler for 4, though we were worried that there might not be enough food.  Fear not, fellow Yelpers.  If you come in a group of 4, I highly recommend it.  There was so much food, and the waitress (I believe who was the owner's wife) helped us out by spacing out the food into all the appetizers and the entrees.  

I will say, that they could improve the bread.  I wish it was a bit more doughy, and softer as well - it's kind of hard to eat when it all just crackles when you take a bite.  But, it's the only thing I'd change.  The spices on each dish were great though I've forgotten much of what I've eaten.  I did enjoy the hummus and falafel in particular on the appetizers side.

The entrees were lamb chops and chicken and steak kabobs.  My God, I've never had lamb like that before.  It was incredible.  And, as a point of pride for our table, we polished off every bit of food.  I think the owner may have heard us talking about the show Man vs. Food, where the guy on the show does all these food challenges, but he came out at the end of the meal, thanked us for coming and said he was proud of us eating everything.  He gave us a $10 gift certificate to use on a future date, and joked (I think) that he'd give us $20 if we finished everything a second time.

Truly a great place, I would love to go back.  They ended up locking the doors after us, about an hour after they officially closed - we were never rushed once.  Serious hospitality.  I was thinking about the star system and was about to go 4, but honestly, for Madison, it had to be a 5 star place.  I had been to too many mediocre to decent places in Madison, but this joint redeemed the town.
I love Middle Eastern food and I live on the west side, so I'm disappointed I avoided this place for so long. I even passed by it several days a week for a while. The lousy outward appearance did keep me from dropping by on a whim, but luckily once I found the reviews on Yelp I knew I had to go. (Side note: they have a 'People on Yelp love us' sticker on their window and a posted letter from Yelp congratulating them on the 5 star reviews, so if you get close enough you'll figure out they do rock). 

Sadly, the location on University Ave annoys the crap out of me! I just want there to be a direct route through all of that residential area between University and Mineral but the only way is to get down to Whitney. Pretty weak, I know, since it only adds 5 minutes on a bad day.

Anyway, let's get to the food! 

First went to lunch and got the Shish Kafta (ground lamb skewer) with hummus (stir in the spices they sprinkle on top) and tabbouleh. Delicious, delicious tabbouleh.  Always remember with Indian and Middle Eastern: apart it's good, together it's fantastic so MIX! (eat them together, don't stir it up with your spoon, nub). Most meals come with some pita for the table which is actually a bit bland until you add some of the tasty seasoning mix you'll find on the table. Also got some Arabic coffee. The cardamom was a welcome taste to the coffee, just know that Arabic coffee has the grounds in the bottom of the pot, so when you get to the end of your cup, don't take a big swig. It's so rich anyway, you probably wouldn't do that. I don't really call myself a coffee drinker, but I enjoyed it. Too stuffed to try the baklava.

Then I went back to dinner with my sister, her bf, and his sister. YOWZA! Dinner dishes are always more expensive, but the broad selection of entrees and appetizers is fantastic. There are even a number of seafood options which we did not partake in. From the top:  Arabic coffee: Not for everyone (I still like it!). Jibne is absolutely delicious fried cheese and it will squeak like a good cheese curd. Not that you'll want to go back to cheese curds after this, frankly. The Shish Sampler for two...can definitely feed three. And you won't need any rice in any other dishes if you're sharing.The mouhamara is too strong of a pepper flavor for me to eat in large amounts (pureed red pepper) but was appreciated greatly by others at the table. The Mediterranean noodles plate was surprising (Middle Eastern doesn't make me think noodles) but very tasty (and vegetarian) as a complement to the rest of the dishes (we were sharing) but would be too much of the same flavor/texture if I were ordering for just myself. Still too stuffed to try the baklava.

Bottom line: I don't think you can go wrong here. Pick something off the menu that looks good and you'll have a great meal. And if it isn't everything you were hoping for right away, it probably will be once you apply hummus and yogurt sauce. 

If you don't k now where to get started:
Try the Arabic coffee if you like rich coffee, get the Jibne appetizer if you like cheese (if doing dinner), then go for the Shish Kafta with hummus and with each bite combine 2 or more of the components on the plate (lamb kafta or veggies, yogurt sauce, tabbouleh, hummus).
My family got together here last weekend for a celebration of my son's graduation from law school and my wife's birthday.  It meant a lot to our family to have dinner together with 6 of us arriving from Madison, Baltimore, Chicago, and Colorado. We made a reservation for 4 three weeks ahead of time, but then we did apparently confuse the staff by adding two more people several days before the meal. That caused a hostile reception from the hostess, who seemed to feel we were somehow gaming her reservation system and we further aggravated her by arriving 17 minutes late (from 4 different cities), when she had warned us over the phone she would give away our table after 15 minutes. 
However, the host more than made up for it and he was truly wonderful to us. Now about the food and drink: hummus was great and the crunchy pita crackers were fine when we could get more of them. Wine choices were limited, but we liked the Romanian cabernet, offered at a reasonable $22/bottle. We had the Shish Feast for 6. The lamb chops were way overdone. Rice was good. Overall a somewhat distressing experience for me (the dad) because of our reservation issues, but the food was decent and the host went way out of his way to make the evening special, thus the 3 star rating despite my concerns noted above. In fairness, it was a Saturday night on a very busy graduation weekend in the city. Prices were more than fair, service was just ok. Host was wonderful and charming. What a night!!
Since I used to work here, felt I had to comment. I love this place! One of the reasons I wanted to work there while a student in Madison! 

One of the cleanest kitchens you will find anywhere. Amazing cooks, who really know how to make everything so well.... Used to have a brunch that was wonderful, I wonder if they still do? 

Food is phenomenal. I am craving it as I type.  Delicious! Please deliver to nyc? :) 

Hi to everyone who works there now, and the bossman! (forgot your name, it's been so long!) 

Shish on! 
:)
Beth
WOW! This place is excellent!

Had dinner at the Shish Cafe for the first time last night. I had never been there before but had read all the great reviews on yelp so I thought we should try it. 

All of the food we ordered was excellent. The chicken was amazing so was the rice, and all of the dips (especially the tahini), the grape leaves were great. For dessert we had the rice pudding and it was phenomenal! 

Our waitress was very friendly and we received good service. 

I will go back to eat here for sure!
Delicious place for lunch. Pleasant inside, a little ratty-looking outside... but, oh the food! First-rate middle eastern, well prepared and served nice and hot. Hummus, as others commented is excellent -- mild and well-balanced. Had the chicken kabob plate and the fowl was everything others have said: juicy, perfectly cooked, and spices were just right. Wife had chicken kabob sandwich which came wrapped in a massive fresh-baked pita. A little too much bread for her so she picked the chicken and tabouli out -- should have ordered the kabob plate.

Service prompt, cheerful without being patronizing. Two of us for lunch with Cokes (free refills... and also free refills on the fresh flatbread basket) about $23, and worth every penny. We'll definitly go back. Thanks, Yelp!
We love to enjoy the "feast for two" and try an array of freshly prepared, delicious dishes. The lamb is marvelous as is the fresh pita.
Pretty good - pricier than we were expecting!
The best Mediterranean food we've had in Madison and some of the best I've ever had in the Midwest (Chicago included). Hummus is delicious.  Kefta kebab is very tasty and perfectly cooked. Yogurt sauce is perfect. Pita bread is served soft and warm. Overall an excellent place.
By far the best middle eastern food in Madison, maybe even in Wisconsin.  The food here is consistently fresh and flavorful.  

It's the only place in town where I can find good grape leaves, their pita is served warm and the prices are affordable enough to make it a regular stop.  Beyond the basics, I highly recommend the Eggplant Munazala and the Mujadara....vegetarian heaven!  As a first timer, I would hit up their sampler platters - they cannot be beat.

The service is also excellent. The owner recognizes regulars and goes out of his way to make your patronage feel appreciated, but is never an overbearing presence at your table.

It can get pretty crowded on weekends, so go early and go often!

Overall, I highly recommend this restaurant.
By far the best middle eastern food in Madison. Nothing on the menu that I would not recommend. If your are new to middle easter food go for the muhammara, jibne (baked cheese), and the shish kabob and mint tea, or Turkish coffee.
I had always enjoyed hummus but never enough to really seek out a better grade than the standard grocery store variety.  That is until I tasted the Shish Cafe's hummus.  This is a hummus you will want to eat like ice cream, it is that good.  In fact, Vegetarian Platter #2 makes it onto my Top 5 last meal list...and I'm a carnivore.  Atmosphere is non-descript strip mall, prices are moderately high, but the food is consistently spectacular.
Holy crap, I thought hummus was hummus, but at this place it is transcendent.  Everything we had was all amazing, from the Dolma (stuffed grape leaves) to the eggplant and the Damascus Spinach.  Even my mothers lamb kabobs smelled great, despite the fact that I don't eat meat.

The atmosphere is very nice, with loads of brass plates and lamps and random Turkish items strewn about the place--very homey.  All the staff was really friendly and helped people less informed about the cuisine pick out something they would like.  Who would think that rice could be as buttery (without butter) and delicious as they make it here?  Highly recommended.
The food was really good. The dishes were kind of dirty. And our service just sucked.

Why would you give two people three small pieces of bread to eat a bowl full of hummus? I'd only go back if it was for take out.
To my husband and me the Shish Cafe is the best.  The chef is the greatest, the waitstaff too, and the owner has a warm heart.  Just look around when you are seated and you realize life is good when you see how happy and contented everyone around you seems to be.  The quiet waitress, a Moroccan who must look Indian to some, makes you feel welcome, so much so that my husband and I think of her as the Mother of All.  Her admirers at the next table will respond with a big smile when asked about this waitress.  And there is the chef too,  whose great MIddle Eastern cooking brings sunshine into our lives.  Long Live the Shish Cafe.
Rumi
My favorite restaurant in Madison, hands down. It's making me too hungry to write about it in detail except: yum. 

My favorites: Jibne (but ALWAYS need more bread), tabouli, and the hummus you can eat with a spoon. Their house salad is also fantastic, if simple.
Easily the best restaurant in Madison.  

The only thing that I would stay away from would be the fattoush.
Ive only been here once and I had the set for 2.  There is a variety of sides which were rich in flavor and interesting looking. Will go back!
This place is just down the street from my house and it somehow took me a few years to get in and try it, man was I missing out! The food here is all really good. fresh pitas are amazing if you eat in. I love the chicken schwarma and the lamb and hummus. mmm!
Being so close to Shish, I thought I would try it out even though its not much to look at from outside. 

So glad I did. The authentic middle eastern music sets the mood for the cozy atmosphere. 

We had the Shish Sampler and it was the best Mediterranean cuisine I have ever eaten, and I am Lebanese. The hummus, eggplant and tabouli   were perfectly seasoned and the lamb was moist (hard to find). The portions were large, and could have easily fed another person. 

Anyone who doesn't rate this place for its amazing spice mixes that complement so seductively, doesn't have a palette for flavor. The flatbread alone is worth the visit. Will be going again and again just to try each of their menu items. If the sampler has created this much happiness on my tongue, I cannot wait to explore the rest of the menu! 

Favorite restaurant in Madison!
The shish cafe has such good food that I can get over the fact that the service here sucks. Seriously. It takes FOREVER to be waited on here. 

I can't tell you how many times I've been here. And what my husband and I order is SO GOOD that we can't help but order the same thing every time we come. 

Word to the wise, start with the sampler plate of Tabbouleh, Hummus and Baba Ganouj. The tabbouleh salad is so refreshing, the hummus is smooth and creamy and the baba has just the right amount of kick. 

Then, order a chicken kebab with rice. This chicken is hands down the best chicken kebab I've ever had. Loaded with seasonings, grilled to perfection with perfect smokiness. The rice is fluffed and tasty with toasted almonds throughout, and the yogurt dip adds a nice tang to the whole combo. 
I've never done dessert here for a couple of reasons - 1) the service is so slow sometimes, that I'm just anxious to leave and 2) there's no way I'd be able to pack another ounce of food in my gut after having gorged out on the app and entree!

I've done takeout a couple of times too, and I feel like I actually get MORE food going this route. But if you think it's super speedy to do the takeout thing, guess again. I've called once for carry out only to be told it'd be an hour minutes before my food would be ready. More normally, it's about 30 minutes. Worth it.
Nice sized portion for lunch, not too big but enough for the price.  Great flavors and yummy hummus.  The pita bread was a let down, just a notch above grocery store pita and only then 'cause I didn't have to go to the store and buy it.  Service was fast but not outstanding, probably because the waiter struggled with English.  We'll eat here again when we're in the area but we won't make a special trip.
The food was excellent.  If you can overlook the apathetic hostess/waitress, who was totally put out that we failed to make a reservation, even though the entire eating area was empty, and her horrid customer service, by all means - go, check it out.  We each ordered a glass of wine, which was finally delivered to the table 15 minutes after our food arrived at the table.  Nothing like sitting with water and three rounds of pita for 45 minutes.  We asked 3 different people for the wine, including the waitress.  Loved the food, there's nothing like it where we live and we were excited to check this restaurant out after seeing it on yelp.  You're only allotted 3 small  pita rounds at any given time - God forbid you ask for more, they acted like there was a pita famine in Madison.  The waitress never checked on us, never asked if the food was good, never asked if we were done and if we wanted a box.  We finally had to flag someone else down and ask for the check.  When she brought the check, she slammed it down on the table and stormed off.  There appeared to be several regulars here, eating out on date night - she seemed at least mildly interested in them.  We own a business, and I would never for a minute consider treating people that way the staff at this establishment did.  It was appalling.
Great Middle Eastern food. Everything on the menu is tasty. Don't let the old strip mall exterior fool you, this place is worth the stop.
Food: 5
Decor: 3
Service: 2

Amazing food, but service was disappointing. I came here around 6:30pm for dinner on Monday night.

1. Chicken Shawarma, 13 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bJo_-dEqQKdJKQJaa9hK7g?select=p5dWwxJ2w5m3sKThQ6lAAA
Delicious, definitely one of the best Mediterranean I've had. The chicken was nice and moist, and the plate came with a ridiculous amount of hummus. Paired with hot, fresh bread http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bJo_-dEqQKdJKQJaa9hK7g?userid=2fN8mN7uUjOw-QqtcgYqXQ, and this dish overall was amazing. I almost opted for the chicken kabobs, but the server recommended this instead.

Service was extremely slow. I had to request fresh bread from another server, and it took two tries before I got my check. Then it took forever to pick up my check.
Pretty good falafel, cooked to the right consistency and loaded with an authentic variety of spices that are hard to forget. Falafel is top-notch, but they are losing on the shawerma front. With shawerma I tend to expect juicy gyro-style strips cut off of a spit, but what I got was my mom's chicken.

By no means is that a bad thing. My mom knows her Arab food. Again the spices really set it apart, giving a great kick to what otherwise might have been bland but very fresh chicken.

Sandwiches are served in the Levantine laffeh bread, which is much larger and thinner than pita. This allows for much-appreciated larger portion sizes (fuck you Med Cafe).

Hummus was decent, nothing too special. Wouldn't order again, but that's mainly because their menu has such an interesting selection of items that I haven't seen at too many Mediterranean restaurants. I would be remiss to stick with such tame options next time.
First, food was great.  Unfortunatly that doesn't make up for severely bad service.  We got there at opening, and waited 20 mins for them to finish cleaning .  Took 15 mins to get an order taken and another 30 mins for the food.  If you want a second drink or more bread you have to tackle someone to get it.  To our waitresses credit she had 3/4 of the dining room and was the hostess, and the guy waiter had 4 tables and stood sround in the kitchen a lot.  But again food was great but service will keep us from going back.
3 stars vs 4 or even 5 due to awful service.  I've been a few times now and every single time there is horrible service. The food- amazing.  Be prepared to be very very patient.
Wonderful choices, and everything was tasty.  Not a place if you are in a hurry, but I honor a restaurant who makes everything fresh.  Enjoyed amazing lamb.
My family and I have been going to Shish Cafe for years. The food is always delicious; I don't believe I've ever had anything I disliked there.

That said - admittedly, service can be a little spotty at times. However, they will take carry-out orders if you call in, and will quote you fairly accurate times as to when they'll be ready. If I go to eat there, I just figure it'll take a while and order some Turkish coffee.
It's the best Mediterranean food I have had in Madison do far but that really isn't saying all that much.  The food was good but nothing special.  Service was overbearing and annoying.  How many times do you need to ask me how the food is?  4 times was a bit much.
Even the best food can't make up for poor service. And the food at Shish Cafe wasn't good enough to even come close to making up for it. We waited and waited, then were rushed through ordering, weren't checked on, and had to flag our server down like a taxi during rush hour to get the check.  

I had the chicken kabob. The chicken was juicy with good seasoning. The hummus was bland (to me) and my whole dish looked like it had been slopped on the plate. My husband liked his lamb stew, but wasn't anything to write home about. 

All in all, for the price ($40 for two, no apps, no drinks), I won't eat here again. I'm surprised that this has 4.5 stars, especially in Madison, where decent restaurants are pretty easy to come by. Disappointed about it, was hoping this would be the place to come for great Mediterranean food.
Two words: beef kabob. The meat is always flavorful and moist, the vegetables grilled to perfection, and the hummus to die for.
What a great find - thanks Yelpers!  The food was outstanding!  Ordered the beef kabob for the boys and they devoured 'em.  I had the lamb chops that were seasoned and cooked perfectly.  My wife had a spinach dish that was also very tasty!  

The down-side was service (otherwise I'd give this a 5-star rating).  So be prepared to have a beer or wine, and kick back.  We ordered an appetizer that had tabouli and hummus.  It was a dipping plate, but the bread wasn't ready, and so we waited, and waited, and finally grabbed our spoons and went at it!  Delicious!  The bread finally arrived, and was incredibly good - would've liked to dip that into the creamy hummus!!  Server was absent for most of the night.  Had to go ask for our check, and bring it up to the waitress when I was ready to pay.  They may have been short-staffed, and so I'll give them some reprieve.  I would definitely come again - lots to goodies to choose from on the menu!
The place is nice, especially when there's belly dancing! Food is okay. Service is kind of slow. If you've been to Casablanca in Milwaukee, this place is a bit pricier. My favorite Middle-Eastern place is still Casablanca.
My favorite spot for Mediterranean food in Madison. Do not be deterred by the fact that it is in a strip mall on University Avenue. I stumbled upon the reviews of this place via Yelp, and was not led astray! The Shish Feast is amazing, and the amount of food will leave you with leftovers for dinner the next day. Craving their dolmas right now...
I believe this is the best Mediterranean in the Midwest
At this weird location, any complaints about the service are simply because no one is being nice to the servers. 
Seriously, just look them in the eye while you order.

Great for vegetarians, tons of veggies, not all carbs and hummus.

get the fried squash dish and you will have dreams about it later.
Excellent cuisine...delicious, wholesome, fragrant spices.
Place went belly up!!! So sad
Why did you close ! Where did you go ! 
Amazing food simply amazing
This location ( I was told by one of the folks who used to work there) was closed due to the construction on University Ave. There are plans to get s new location up and running again so stay tuned!
Hookahs are the draw here. The food is mediocre and the atmosphere quite blah. If smoking sheesha is your thing, there aren't many old town Scottsdale options so this may be your place. My bud ordered lamb tongue and was pretty happy with it. I didn't have the balls to try it, but if you do you may be in for a pleasant adventure.
We were confronted yesterday with a very typical circumstance: on one side of the road was My Big Fat Greek Restaurant, and on the other, a small, independent Kebab shop. We rolled the dice and went with the previously unknown and unrecommended Kebab shop.

Bad move. 

First off, the bread they brought us was disappointing to say the least. Next to that, the chicken dish I ordered was slow out of the kitchen and mediocre at best.

More importantly, though, was the general uncomfortable vibe we were marinating in throughout the course of our lunch. The owners/managers spoke in obnoxious tones to their staff and something about the place in general gave us the heebie jeebies. When our waitress finally returned with our check, we were already halfway out the door.
The food has improved since I have been here and the staff was pleasant. I think they are working on trying to improve its atmosphere but they still have a way to go
Some of the tastiest Persian food I've ever had and you will ever probably have in the valley.  Order the "kash-ke-badam-jon" (or something to that effect) for an appetizer and you'll be pretty close to ethnic food heaven.  Their kebab plates are divine... make sure to substitute the dill rice.  Another bonus is the homemade pita... delicious!  Only reason they don't get 5 stars is because of inconsistency --- been there about 10 times and probably half of those times there was spotty service or a minor food-related issue.  If they're on the night you go you're in for a real treat!
The Persian Room is a big surprise the first time you go...I was expecting a hole in the wall - I am not sure why, but I was - instead, it is a very nice restaurant that is worthy of a business meal or a big date.

The food is exceptional and the service is quick and attentive. The portions are also quite generous. When my wife and I go, we either share one entree or we bring home some food.

Be sure to have some humus as an appetizer - it is excellent. The chicken kabobs are tender and juciy...but my favorite is the lamb.
Group of friends threw me a birthday party here.  I had a pretty satifying experience. The food was the typical Persian food that you find in the US. Not authentic but close enough. I can't compare it to the Persian food that I've eaten in Tehran but it was pretty good. I tried the skewered lamb though I'm not sure what it was named on the menu - probably the Soltani something I think. The staff was friendly, we all had fun and I'd probably come here again.
If you haven't been here drop everything and go.  Great food at a reasonable price!  Plates big enough to share or have the next day
I guess I'm not an expert on Persian food, but I really enjoy eating at the Persian Room!  The atmosphere is great, the food is excellent and the portions are incredibly huge.  

I don't remember the names of the dishes, but the Koobideh is one of my favorites - it's ground beef with onions and herbs mixed in.  Very, very tasty and not too expensive.

If I have any complaints it's the unevenness of the wait staff.  Some of the waiters/waitresses are fantastic, but a number of them are kind of surly and unpleasant.  However, we've always received our food in a timely manner and haven't ever had any serious issues.

There's rarely a wait which is a huge plus on Friday or Saturday night in North Scottsdale.
Their Koobideh Kebab is world class!!! I have eaten Middle Eastern food all over North America ... food + atmoshere ... this place is tops!!!

Hint #1: if you're with a group ... order some platters and ask for it to be served "family style" ... than, watch your guests eyes light up when they see the enormous sized plates that arrive at your table.

Hint #2: I tipped the pita maker once to make me a heart shaped pita for my wife .... she was floored!!!
The Chicken and Gyro meet are great
If you haven't tried Persian food YOU MUST COME HERE. This is one of my favorite restaurants in the Valley, and I always take out-of-town guests here (and they always love it). 

No offense to Brian, but I don't really think it's fair to compare Persian Room to Indian food  (although I agree Tandoori Times is great for Indian cuisine). Persian food has very different flavors and its even very different from food in Arab countries. I love their stews, some of which have dried black lemons in them, which give a great, earthy, sour flavor. 

Try the rice with the barberries -- it's really good. Although, if you go with a group, make sure to get their appetizer platter. They hummus and eggplant mixture is AMAZING, as is their fresh bread which they serve with butter and fresh mint.

If you're adventurous, try the chicken fessenjaan, which is made with a pomegranate walnut sauce -- it's a very unique flavor.

As a side note, Persian Room catered my wedding this past fall. It was such a bargain, compared with other caterers, and the food was absolutely delicious, from the beef to the chicken to the veggie stew and salad. Everyone loved it.
Our 1st time dining here last night. The decor has a nice feel to it. The staff were warm and welcoming, and there was no wait (even on a Friday night).

The portions here are truly humongous. Two people could easily split an entree and still be stuffed. Started with the Hummus which was perfection, then managed to order about 20 pounds of chicken, beef, rice, and salad. Everything was well prepared and tasty. Our waitress had a great sense of humor too. Pricing is fair and would be a real bargain if you split a plate.

We will be sure to re-visit The Persian Room soon.

(I had driven by here about 100 times and I am proud to say I finally made it!)
After hearing all the hype about the Persian Room, I decided to check it out with a friend of mine. Or rather, he suggested checking it out, and I graciously abided, seeing that I never pass up any opportunities for new culinary endeavors.

I was definitely pleased with the ambience of the Persian Room. Unfortunately, I didn't dress as appropriately as I would have liked, but contrary to popular belief, I didn't feel as out of place as I initially assumed I would. 

The drinks were wonderful, the appetizer (eggplant hummous) was wonderful, and the actual main entree lived up to standards. I had the chicken filet kebab, and it made me tingle from the top of my head to my toes. I loved it. I am, by no means, an expert on Persian food. I am sure that there are cities, such as Los Angeles, that have numerous Persian restaurants that provide wonderful food. However, I think this place is wonderful. The service was quick, and our waitress was so friendly and warm. I loved my experience, and I definitely will check out the Persian Room again...and again...and again. I'm sure I will frequent it so often, they will want me to leave.
The Persian Room serves a standard middle eastern food menu, in a nice, upscale setting.   That being said, I have had better food at fast food joints (Pita-whatever) in Chicago.  The best thing about this place is probably the decor.  It makes for a nice place to take someone you are trying to impress.   However, the food is not spectacular.  I had the beef kabob plate, which I found to be a little overcooked (too long, over too low heat).  My friend's chicken kabob was well prepared, but nothing spectacular.   The portions were generous, and we could have easily gotten by with just one entree.  The hummus w/ eggplant was very good as an appetizer.

Overall, a nice setting for a restaurant and decent food, however you can probably find better middle-eastern food at 1/2 the price.
The Persian Room is quite opulent.  The food seems a little out of place in these surroundings.  We went with a party of 8 and had very nice and attentive service.  The food, while not the best I have had (I've probably been spoiled having lived in DC for so long) was decent.   I had leftovers that I wouldn't mind eating the next day.
Last night I met an old friend of mine for dinner at the Persian Room in Scottsdale on her recommendation.  Aside from the horrible traffic on Scottsdale Road, the restaurant is easy to find and seems to have plenty of parking.
The restaurant itself is nice but very westernized from the etched-glass entry doors to the Vegas-interpreted Persian decor.  I was actually hoping for something with a little more authentic feel to it, but hey, I was in Scottsdale.  It was not busy at all and we were seated immediately.  Our waiter was at the table within seconds to take drink orders and recommend some appetizers.  Shortly afterward we had our drinks and a basket of flat bread served with butter, onion and fresh basil.
We started off with their appetizer platter which included dolmeh, homous and eggplant, yogurt and cucumber dip and torshi.  Typical Mediterranean fair except for the torshi, which is like a vegetable relish in wine vinegar and actually very tasty.
The menu is not extensive, but there are some classics here that they do well and everything is served in huge portions.  We made our order and the food was served shortly afterward.  I ordered the Lamb Shank which was ok...I've had better.  It was not as tender as I had expected but it tasted good and the dill and lima bean rice served with it was also a nice complement.  My friend had ordered the Zereshk Polo with Chicken which is seasoned roast chicken served with the traditional Basmati rice with barberries and saffron.  I got to try a bite and was impressed with the mix of flavors and the tenderness of the chicken.
We followed everything up with their Persian Ice Cream dessert.  I enjoyed this immensely.  The texture was smooth, creamy and slightly elastic.  It was seasoned with crushed pistachios and saffron which provided a wonderful compliment to the vanilla base.
All in all, it was a good experience but not so much that I feel I have to make it a regular dinner destination.
Since I'm often with a "Persian", I have been here quite a few times. Just went again the other day. I enjoy the restaurant but since I'm not a meat eater, it's kinda hard to find alot to eat other than the appetizers. I love Love LOVE the yogurt cucumber drip and their soft warm bread. That's pretty much why I like the place. They do have some vegetarian stews but I'm not a huge fan of those. What I really like is the fesejuan (sp?) walnut pomegranate stew. It has chicken pieces in it but they will take it out for u, if u wanna pay. Last time they took it out and didn't make me pay... But now I guess with the crappy economy they now make u pay! Double the price of the entre. Crazy. It does come with enough rice to feed u for days.
The "persian" I come here with loves the chicken kabob. He never eats chicken so I guess that says something... Hmmm... Persian chicken is better??
the service here was great... expesaly when the table caught on fire...they where quite helpfull...

everything was great... there was that cucumber thingy... and the ice cream thingy... and the portions where huge... and good wine selection... 

grrr why I need a course in Persise cause I can't remember the name of anything I had... but I remember the fire...
I have been here several times, and I'm from Southern California.  The only time we're in the area is for work.  I travel with about 5 Iranian coworkers (I'm Iranian as well) and this is one of the best Persian restaurants we've ever been to.  Who knew we'd have to go all the way to Scottsdale for amazing Persian food? 

The atmosphere is very elegant and the service is very friendly, even for a large group.
Not sure why it took me so long to try Persian Room...
I've been hearing about it and driving by it since my move to AZ almost four years ago.  And I like Persian food.  But for whatever reason, I didn't pop my Persian Room cherry until just the other night!

My aunt was actually the one who chose to eat at Persian Room.  It was a Saturday night, and our party consisted of six - four ladies, me, and my brother.  We had some drinks and appetizers at home before we went, so we decided to order family style and share.  Wise decision...

Luciano was our server and provided us with excellent service along with the rest of the staff.  We ordered a (#10) Persian Appetizer platter to start, and it was perfect for sharing... it had hummus, eggplant dip, grape leaves, and a yogurt cucumber dip too.  We used the warm fresh bread to scoop it all up along with the fresh onions and Persian spices that were on the table too.  This could've been a meal in itself, it was all so tasty!

Next, we shared a #20 - Chicken Kebab plate, a #36 - Vegetarian Stew (which had okra and eggplant and tons of other veggies that I like), and a #28 - Sultani mixed meat platter.  We requested 1/2 rice and 1/2 greek salads with the platters.

This was just enough food for our group, although everything was delicious that had we ordered more, we would've kept eating for sure... instead, Luciano brought us out a couple of desserts (baklava and Persian ice cream) to share.  Mmmmmm - both were pretty fantastic!

Total bill for all of the above + three glasses of wine was just over $100... not so bad.  I enjoyed my meal and I'm sure I will not wait another few years to return.  As a matter of fact, I'd be game to return in the next few weeks.  Great place for a family style meal + quick and attentive service.  See you again soon, Luciano!
My friends and I recently started a toor of restaurants in the Phoenix area.  Our first experience was at the Persian Room and it was a great one. I will be back with out question.

Everything we ate was healthy, filling and delicious.  The eggplant hummus appetizer was off the charts good.  We did top off dinner with some really good pistachio type ice cream.  It was a perfect top to a very good meal!

We were very happy with our choice, and would recomend it to anyone.
Love this place! 
Someone comes in from out of town - I take them to the Persian Room. 
It's your birthday? Let's go to the Persian Room
Graduation - Holiday party - bad day... you get the idea.

People think you have to dress up, but I've seen it all from fancy dresses to laid back shorts (I'm in the shorts!)

I suggest the chicken filet kabob, hummus with the pita bread - just my opinion.
I went to this restaurant for my B-day last week for starters I ordered the humus it is was very good...maybe the best that I have tasted....I ordered the beef kabob it was really good but I liked the chicken a lot better. They give you large helpings of food. This place is really good...I agree with another review this is good for special occasions. I am new to Persian food and was a little confused with the pita...basil...onion and butter platter and our server did not do a very good job explaining. Loved the bread I will go back to this restaurant.
I love food and people who know me can confirm that. But what I like is really great food when it comes to Persian dishes. I have been to Persian Room about a 20 times in past 10 years. I used to go to it when it was a hole in the wall with a different name (forgot the old name). I now compare all the Persian restaurants to this one. Their food is even better than most Persian restaurants in Iran. As I recall the owner was very picky about his dish and would not allow you to order your food rare or well done. He cooked it the way it was intended to be cooked. They have great decor (and building), wonderful service and awesome food. I have tried most everything on their menu and I don't know of anything that I didn't love. Every Persian restaurant should be measured against Persian Room. 

I moved to Seattle several years ago, but every time I go to Scottsdale, I make sure to visit Persian Room. My sweet sweet Persian Room. I wish you were closer. Hey (Persian Room owner dude), why don't you come to Seattle and open a restaurant. Your only competition will be Caspian Grill, but you can get way ahead of them if you have a nice decor and bring all your great foods and keep the prices the same as in Scottsdale. Open a place in Newcastle, WA. Pleeeeease (with sugar all over it). 

Well, that should explain how much I like Persian Room
This place is nice! It's beautiful inside - it would be a nice place to take a date / significant other (they can also accommodate large groups). They have this grand staircase that leads up to a bar - a hazard for someone like me but I'm not imagining I'm the norm. 

The food is delicious. You start with bread at the table with fresh basil, onion and butter. I ordered the dolmehs as an addition to the bread and I was a little disappointed in them but they were definitely edible. They have many kebab options on the menu for every meat or non-meat taste. I decided to try the Chicken Shish which was served with rice and a grilled tomato. The food was delicious and abundant. But why stop at dinner? We had to try the Persian ice cream. I can't stress how delicious this ice cream was - it had pistachios in it. The pineapple mojito wasn't bad either, so good.

I would definitely recommend this place. Especially, if you're looking for a good place to have dinner and/or are staying at one of the nearby hotels.
Love, Love, LOVE the zereshk pollo! I'm not very knowledgeable about Persian dishes, but the saffron rice with barberries (zereshk) is an incredible combination of flavors. 

The portions are much larger than they appear in the pictures on the menu... the plates are enormous. Be prepared for leftovers.
I finally went back to the Persian Room after moving back here from Australia. My family used to make me jealous talking about the Persian Room when I was on the other side of the world. I had my usual this time around. I loveeeee Ghormeh Sabzi with Tah Dig. Yummmy. I order the Beef Barg as my entree. It a super tender fillet. It was almost as good as I remembered. My only complaint is that we sat upstairs when no one else was there so the service or lack thereof was not good. I love Persian food so I must try Pars next!
Ordered the lunch Barg, let me tell you, this should not be lunch, more like lunch and diner.  The portion was plenty big and could have been easily shared with another.  I was very happy with it.  The flavor and taste is what I expected from center cuts of filet Mignon, skewered, marinated and broiled.  I went with a group of 6 and we opted to get the Persian Room Appetizer, again, a mistake on my part, the appetizer was perfect for 6, not totally unnecessary with the portions that we had.  The service was as expected from an up-scale type restaurant and would be great for taking the high-end clients to for celebrating a big success.
I'm not sure why most Middle Eastern people are skinny but this place serves a mountain full of good quality, flavor full heaps of heavenly meal. I personally like the Barg tandem with shrimp and scallops. and yes I can eat all of it. BTW I'm barely pushing 150 LB. something about their basmati rice i cant quite put together, for some odd reason i can eat twice as much of these than a normal average rice. Anybody has an idea?
Been visiting the restaurant for the last few years everytime we go to the area. The food has improved the last couple of times we been there.
At one point we decide not to go there any more because the food was not the best for the price and the enviroment that they were trying to present.
They have improved the quality of their food and we will be going there next time we are in the area.
I enjoy good Persian food. This place is good.  Cherry Rice misses the mark, but everything else is tasty. Very affordable too.
Place wasn't as 'stuffy' as I feared (I envisioned red velvet and gold tones everywhere, for some reason!), and the dining area was pleasant. Service was good without being over-bearing (the waiters seem professional, not high-school kids bugging you every 2 minutes asking you if everything is ok).  I had the lamb; it was tender, but somehow lacking in flavor.  Next time I'll try the cornish game hen, that sounds fantastic.  Funnily enough, I found the rice 'overpowering' - too much 'stuff' in it; I like my rice to be a bland counterpoint to the other strong flavors, but in this case the rice had more flavor(s) than the lamb!  

The location is a bit strange, but I'm getting used to that in Scottsdale - fine dining in the shadow of a hotel parking lot ... I'll review again after I try the chicken, and hopefully bump up the rating!
I thought this place was awesome for a date night... SO the guy takes me here to 'switch it up', as he put it:-) I loved the decor... the atmosphere.. the arabic music.. A very good wine list... Loved the Chicken Shish.. and my date had the Lamb Shanks.. the pita is very yummy too:) Everything was great.. attentive service!
Very expensive and just ok.
This place is very classy -- great decor and atmosphere.

The food is phenomenal. Starting with the pitas, hummus, main course, and Turkish coffee, everything was top-notch and far exceeding anything I've had from this genre of food. I'm not a lamb person but the chicken and beef were terrific.

A group of us went for lunch on a weekday and the lunch menu portions were large. I could easily have shared with someone. The service was slow -- it looked like they had two waiters covering the whole place. If you're in a hurry at lunch this might not be an ideal place. But, if you have time to loosen your belt and enjoy the atmosphere, check it out.
If you can get past the golden curtain rods, wall to wall marble and abundant chandeliers....hey no one said Persians were ever known for their decorating(!)...the food is delicious!  Very authentic - I want my koobideh with a raw onion and basil - and this is how it is served.  The food is what it is about and the food here delivers.  The bagoli pollo is by far my favorite and is closely comprable to my grandmothers - but of course, Aziz's is always the best. :)  Seriously go - and if you have never had Persian food - you will not be disappointed.
The food at Persian Room is top-notch, and the naan is to die for, but the service is a bit odd. It may have just been our server, who hovered over the table and touched me a bit too much.

My family of eight individually ordered six different kabob dishes, and the server took it upon himself to present the meals in a "family style" setting. All the kabobs were on one plate, and the rice came in two platters.

It's hard to track if you're getting the right amount of kabobs, and someone who ordered sultani may be getting screwed out of his ratio of barg to koobideh, or maybe a chicken eater doesn't want the juice of red meat on her chicken barg. You get the idea.

If you want to serve it family style, please ask first.

Also, we luckily checked our receipt and noticed we were incorrectly charged for an extra tea and an extra glass of merlot. Upon being informed of the mistake, the server quickly removed it from our bill.

Expect to pay about $30 a person for appetizers and entrees.
Great food, great atmosphere and one of the classiest Persian restaurants you will see. Being from California where there are a lot of Persian restaurants the food prices are a little high compared to Cali. But its a great place to dine at for any occasion.
I was in Scottsdale with friends and family....starvinngggg.

We hadn't seen eachother for a long time so we decided to enjoy a fancy dinner.

The service here is amazing. Friendly, helpful, very attentive.

Minus two stars because I've definitely had better Persian food. But the experience itself is worth going. It's the classiest Persian restaurant I have been to.
I am a big fan of ethnic foods! This place had great good, It was easy to be seated without a wait. For a first time try one of the platters that offer a little taste of the different dishes. My favorite was the beef stew style dish, I am unsure what their name for it was but the meat  was very tender with lots of flavor! YUM!
Yum, yum in my tum!
Very cool to find authentic and yummy Iranian food in Arizona. My family noshed on it enjoyably.
Rich black tea, chewy homemade pita served with fresh basil, onions and butter. The butter was kind of odd--a concession to Americans?-- Usually you find feta.

Anyway the zhresck pulo (rice with saffron and sour barberries) was tangy and sweet, tasty witht the chicken kubideh kabob (zesty herby ground chicken kabob). We also had the beef kubideh,and classic chicken and beef kabobs, served with buttery basmati rice.

Also good was the Kashk Bademjan appetizer, a savory dip made with roasted eggplant, garlic, mint and yogurt whey, (really it's creamy and good) tasty with the pita.

Better than Reza in Chicago, equal to other persian food I've had, but great to find authentic ethnic food in glitzy Scottsdale.

There was a group of women near us, and they let their young kids play and wander around  near their table as they chit-chatted--a slight nuisance, but nothing too detracting. Service was slowish but attentive, but the place was packed. Enjoyable nonetheless.
I have been to Persian Room several times and every time I leave happy and full and even better with leftovers.  I had the Chicken Sultani with the loobia polo rice upgrade.  I usually do the Beef Sultani but just changed it up.  It was very good and with the lunch entree it is the same size and a few dollars cheaper.  For Persian food in Phoenix this is the best place I have been to.
Being Persian, I will already state I am bias. But the Persian room really does stand by itself when it comes to Persian food in the Valley of the sun. Some of the best Kabob and dishes you will find this side of Tehran. I highly recommend this place if you are into Persian Cusine. The cast and crew are awesome: and the owner Nassar makes you feel at home!
The food was very good, the waitress was great, and we enjoyed the environment.  We ordered a couple of lamb dishes, a steak kebabs, and a chicken dish.   Everything was very good.....and we loved the Persian ice cream.  All portions are very large...big enough to bring home leftovers for at least a 2nd meal.
Excellent waitress, tasty food! The Eggplant Hummus was really delicious and the lamb was tender and flavorful. The only complaint would be how long the hostess took to seat us. She answered phones for a good ten minutes before even saying hello! She stopped to help a few men first so me and my friend were confused. It wasn't busy so once she sat us our waitress was awesome. The food was delicious and the Naan as well. I'll definitely go again!
Oh my goodness... the food here is SOOOO good! If you like lots and lots of meat, this is the place for you. We had the persian room special(serves 2) and it came with a chicken filet (A+), Borg (filet mignon) (A-/B+) and koobideh (B). It also came with a giant plate of delicious basmati rice. There was so much food that we our leftovers provided us with about 4 more meals, which we were really excited about.  The service is great, the waitor we had made great recommendations. They also have some very tasty fruity (but decievingly strong) drinks. We also had the persian ice cream for dessert and it was great!

The only reason I held back one star is because it's really expensive.  That being said, you get TONS of food, mostly meat and not a lot of cheap filler items.  Also, The atmosphere is a bit weird... its gaudy but kind of funny and for some reason it works.  

We had a restaurant.com gift certificate, which is what brought us there, and that made the price very reasonable. Grab one of those certificates and give it a try! We had a lot of fun eating here!
Always consistently good with terrific service.  Everything is fresh and cooked to order.
High end and authentic is all I can think of in regards to the Persian Room.

The ambiance is just spectacular for a weeknight dinner with friends, or even for couples.

All the appetizers are definitely worth trying, and the staff seems like is always wating to refill your drinks and the delicious pita bread to no end!

The entrees are amazing. The lunch portions are huge with rice and salad, and the dinner portions even bigger! I've eaten at a lot of places, but I can never seem to finish my entree! Ah well, that just means I can enjoy more at home =)

The price is a bit higher, but it's to be expected if you want to dine on food with class.
Great persian food.  Bread is homemade in fron of you.  Portions are huge, my wife and I always share.  We have been here at least 12 times and food and service are always outstanding.  Food is always great.  We usually have the combo dish (filet and kofta) with rice.  This is plenty for 2 people.  Also, their chicken is amazing.  Never dry and always well marinated.  The lamb dish is pretty good but not the best in town.
I would have to say my first encounter with Persian cuisine was a success and satisfying, but this great feast would have not been possible without a few handful of other foodie friends.  We met up to help kick-off a special occasion.

For starters, we had this interesting blend of hummus and sauteed eggplant accompanied by these soft flour tortilla-like bread used for dipping.  

For the entree, I ordered this basic meat dish called the Naderi Sultani which consist of chicken tenders on skewers, marinated filet mignon, and Koobideh (ground beef that had been prepared like a sausage link without the clear casing).  All of that came with a generous pile of non-sticky, very long grain rice that I personally have never seen before.  Due to it's soft and light texture, forking into it was effortless.  The flavor was slightly enhanced by this buttery, oily drizzle.  This particular dish is easily 2 persons serving!

While I managed to finish half of my dish, I had to sample some of my friends' entrees, the specially, seasoned baked chicken and stewed lamb shank.  Both were really tender and flavorful and had that pulled from the bone goodness.  A key note to take in is that most, if not all, of the dishes come with some kind of rice, preparation may vary from dish to dish.

Dessert was not an option after all of that meat and rice!  If I ever make my way back, I would definitely order less.  A good suggestion is to order 1 plate less the number of people in your party.  Depending on the dish, the proportion can be a bit overwhelming, some is 2, 1.5, or 1 person serving.

Our server was attentive to our needs and kindly clarified on our questionable dishes.  When entering the main lobby area, you are immediately confronted by a long, beautiful stairway that leads to the top of the restaurant, which is their "private" section where we sat.  The decor is elegant Arabic with some Ancient artwork near the top of the ceiling where it's best viewed in the private area.  One could even describe it as a place where Aladdin and Princess Jasmine would dine at.

Overall, if you like steak and potatoes, your going to like Arabic meat and rice.  While it does have its unique and distinct flavors, "normal" taste buds will not have too much of a fuss here.
The Persian Room is excellent in all aspects.  

The food is incredibly delicious, flavorful, and authentic.  The atmosphere is a little upscale, but you'll be just fine in a collared shirt and slacks.  As someone else mentioned, they make the pita bread in-house and it is absolute perfection.  This is one of the few places I happily spend more than $10 per person!

Im a cheapskate, and I LOVE the Persian Room.

I would recommend this for a first date, an anniversary, or just a nice dinner.
If you want to go to a place that serves you more delicious food than you can possibly eat, try the Persian Room. It's the best I've ever had!
Debbie H
Good vegetarian food. The pitas were fresh made and the vegetarian kabab was good. Decent service.
This is an excellent restaurant if you want fancy persian food. I guess I should have known from the location, but this place is very posh. I'm not usually a fan of restaurants like this, but I was pleasantly surprised.

Now, let me start off by saying that I wasn't very ecstatic about visiting this place simply due to the fact that I knew it'd be pricey. My good friend ended up paying for the dinner, so I was definitely a little bit less critical. If you have a special occasion, and need persian food, then this is the place to go. The atmosphere is great and very high-end. The food is great, but the pricing...we'll get to that later.

Service is excellent as you would expect for such a great atmosphere. Like I said, this is a very high-end persian restaurant. The staff is friendly, and the waiters are very attentive. I really don't remember one bad thing about the staff at all. 5-star experience here.

Food is excellent as well. My two friends and I shared a kabob platter that came with chicken, beef, and lamb kabobs. They were all very perfectly cooked and extremely tender and juicy. We got burberry rice to go along with it, and while at first it was delicious, I think it just came with too much rice. They make their own naan, or whatever Persians call their bread. To me, this is worthy enough for a visit. There are very few places in Phoenix that make their own naan, especially Arab/Greek/Med places.

Dessert? Yeah, again, I was skeptical about the pistachio ice cream, but my friend ended up ordering it anyways (he's a regular at this place). Again, WOW. The ice cream was served in chilled cups, and it was just amazing. You could tell it was homemade ice cream, and the pistachio flavoring was just sublime. If you come here for a special occasion, and you have a significant other, you will score well if you order the ice cream. The texture of the ice cream was just perfect.

So why did I give this place a 4-star? I feel that if my friend paid $80 for food for the three of us that he should have taken a significant portion home. He took the leftover rice, and maybe 3 bites of kabobs. The pricing would be great if you got a little bit more food. Of course, you can argue quality over quantity, but I doubt they'd be losing money if they threw just a little bit more meat into their $45 meat sampler/platter. If you want to try something new for your significant other, or a special party or something then come here. Don't be upset though if your wallet is hurting afterwards.

I'm really torn about this place, and I want to give this place a 5-star (the food totally deserves it), but I just don't think I can ever go back, unless Obama gives me a stimulus package for my hunger.
Excellent food, love the Onion and hot bread with butter they bring out, i usually dip it in hummus...usually i order the Barg Which is really tender filet Mignon- this plate alone can feed 2 people..nice decor and great service.
Poor service - slow, error prone and had to be reminded repeatedly. Chef did a better job though. Chicken and lamb were nicely done but vegetarian dishes were mediocre.
Browsing Scottsdale road for a place to eat, we considered Maggiano's, Sapporo's and even going back down to The Lodge - but we passed this place and dove in to take a look at their menu.

It turned out to be quite a delightful dinner - we had been craving Mediterranean food for a few hours and this satisfied both the vegetarian and the meat eater in me.  We had the appetizer sampler (this is a lot of food - and a wonderful way to sample a few different treats) and she had a side of sauteed veggies while i indulged in the filet mignon kabob.

The service was fantastic, the food was some of best we've had and I can recommend this place to anyone who wants to try something different or if you know what you like in Med food...
Finally someone in Scottsdale that knows how to make Hummus the right way. When you live in Dearborn MI where all the Arabic people live - you get spoiled. I know good Hummus and this is it! During happy hour its free!!
Not a huge fan of Persian food but this place has sort of changed my attitude and taste towards Persian cuisine.  
I usually substitute the white rice with some kind of berry rice which is absolutely amazing with the Kabobs... the portions are just overly huge... I have never been able to finish one dish in one sitting.  
I took my family for dinner while visiting, and I give it 5 stars because my mother thinks is the best Persian restaurant in AZ, so for once I did listen to her!!!
I love Persian food, and am surprised to say that i have found the best Persian food in Arizona ( considering I come fro SF where we have AMAZING food). Try their ice cream and their Sharazi rice. Delicious!
Good service and very good food.  We had a combination plate, a stew, and an app and it fed four adults perfectly.  The rice could use more flavor.
Very good Persian food.  The food alone gives the place 4 stars.

A couple of items that could take this place to 5 stars:

- The routing.  The kitchen is right next to the front desk, where we saw anywhere from 4 to 12 people waiting to be seated.  Lots of bumping, jostling, and getting out of the way of servers with huge plates of food.  It might take longer, but I think management should train the servers to take an immediate left and only go through the dining area.

- The furniture is a little worn.

- The carpet needs some regular and frequent sweeping.  We saw more than a little food on the ground.

- Attentiveness.  I'm not sure if it was the restaurant.com coupon or the fact that we weren't drinking, but I'd like someone to come around more often than every 30 minutes.

The food was truly terrific though.  We'll definitely be back.
This place looked pretty nice from the inside and they weren't kidding when they said that the Tour of Persia would be able to serve 3.  For 2, it was a bit overwhelming, but I think we dented it pretty well.  The Basmati rice was very complimentary to the meat dishes.

We switched the barg for the fish, but otherwise the cornish, beef koobideh and gheymeh bademjan was okay.  I could have done without the gheymeh bademjan.  It was my first time having it and it was only okay.  The koobideh was a little greasy, but the cornish had a great lemon tang to it.
The food was really good I had lamp shank with rise i tried the kebab & was really too
Paradise on a platter!

Decor is well thought out, semi-residential.  But quaint.  

Service was terrific.  Our waitress found out that we were first timers and was happy to explain the entrees.  All items are adaptable to your taste/desire.  Mix-match as you wish.
A water glass never went empty and you didn't have a chance to consider if you were in need of something because she was already on it or asking.

Portions are Gi-normous!!!  Picky eaters or dietary considerations?  No worries.  There are plenty of vegetarian options, gluten-free options.  

Yes.  I am gluttonous.  I had appetizers, entree, and of course dessert.
Greek salad, pitas with yogurt and cucumber dip, veg kebob with ados polo, baklava, and persian ice cream.  I would do it all again....everyday if I could
Wow ... just, wow! I couldn't have been happier with my experience at Persian Room. The service, the food, the wine selection, the ambiance, everything was pretty much perfect.

And it's a good thing too, because my first visit was to take my mom out for her birthday. She loves Middle Eastern food and is gluten intolerant, so the meat and/or veggie kabobs and rice-focused menu was perfect for her (and my vegetarian sister who was also with us). It is really hard to find a restaurant that appeals to people with varying dietary needs/choices and this one suited us perfectly.

I had first heard about the restaurant when it was briefly profiled on PBS. The food sounded fantastic and the space looked gorgeous! More on the traditional-fancy side, it offers a grand staircase in the middle of the room that goes up to the bar area. The first floor has a few booths and several tables (which were almost all taken at 6p on a Sunday, with large families and older couples). 

Our stellar service started when we were asked if we wanted a table or a booth. So simple, but a great gesture to ensure your clients are most comfortable. Our server was excellent about offering suggestions and explaining items when I told her I was pretty unfamiliar with the food on their menu. She offered the info that their (enormous) entrees are very flexible - if one comes with two chicken kabobs, you can ask for one chicken and one koobideh, and you can halve your side of rice (it's huge) and fill that in with a Greek salad. Fantastic, though it meant we took another 10 minutes putting together our order. 

I ended up with the koobideh kabob (ground beef mixed with garlic and onion and spices) and the polo rice, it was great. Mom got the filet kabob (replacing 1 of the 2 with a chicken kabob) and traded out the regular basmati rice with a specialty rice that included raisins and dates. Sister went veggie kabob and a side of the same specialty rice. None of us had a single complaint. Pita bread was fresh and delicious, cucumber/yogurt dip was tart and refreshing.

We had given our mom her bday card at the table, and when the server came by to clear our plates, she asked if it was a bday celebration and offered their Persian ice cream (vanilla ice cream with rose water, pistachios and honey). Seriously, was she great or what? We said of course and baklava for sister and I to share also. The ice cream came out with a candle and syrup "Happy Birthday" and our baklava came out sliced in half for us. I know, it's small stuff but it all added up and just impressed us again and again. (You better try that Persian ice cream if you go, it is incredible).

One last awesome move on the server's part - when she saw us dividing up the leftover pita in out to-go boxes, she offered more of their "good bread" (that they don't start serving until later in the evening) that was fresh out of the oven. She brought us out a stack of it wrapped and ready to go.

I repeat: Wow.

p.s. I have to admit I immediately get on the offense when I go to a restaurant that doesn't have an entre below $13 on the menu. I get very "who do they think they are?" Then I'm like a hawk for all they ways they fall short of their price-prohibitive ways. And this place blew me away, worth every penny by way of portion sizes, service, quality and atmosphere.  To give you an idea (I always like knowing costs of stuff before I commit - champagne taste, champagne of beers budget, you see), we ordered a bottle of wine, an appetizer dip, a small Greek salad, three entrees and one dessert, and the total was just over $100.

p.p.s. I don't call myself Lauren "Longest Reviews Ever" V. for nuthin'
we took a weekend off, we live in tucson, got a nice hotel in phoenix and tried a couple of new to us restaurants.

this place is both eye-awesome and taste-amazing.
we watched them make the bread, walked around looking at the walls and listened to conversations in a half dozen languages...wow.

obviously a place for Iranians to eat.
genuine tastes, lots of food, mint on the table, a bit overwhelming.
waitress answered our questions with a hint of a smile, we tasted everything carefully, sniffed the air and loved everything.
thanks.
My wife and I have been coming here regularly  since we moved to Scottsdale 10 years ago. It was one of the first things we fell in love with when we moved here. The service and decor are first class. We just love the feel of a high end Persian restaurant. 

Of course the most important thing is the food and it lives up to the requirement and beyond. We always have left overs and they call to me from my refrigerator all night.

This is hands down my favorite restaurant in town
Went for a business lunch: ordered the Beef Kabab for lunch and it came with rice, peppers, and onions. For $16 I expected a little more meat and less rice but it was ok.

One of my other co-workers ordered the lamb shanks which were also good, but don't expect to get a lot of meat.

The complementary pita bread and yogurt/mint dressing was good and the service was great, the waiter was very friendly. He even gave a free slice of baklava for my other co-worker's birthday.

Overall, I would recommend going here if you want something different.
I had the lamb shanks.  They were good but nothing special.  Huge portions and the rice is excellent.  I'd go back but not anytime soon.  Not an entree on the entire menu with any heat.  That loses a star.
We've been dining here periodically since 2002.  We ate here again on 7/16/11 and enjoyed it as usual.

From experience, we know that the portions are large, so we opted for two meals and an appetizer this time.  Tried the Kash O'bademjan for an appetizer for the first time.  It is a mixture of roasted eggplant and whey, flavored with sauteed garlic, onions & mint.  It is served hot with plenty of hot pita bread.  It is very flavorful and we loved the roasted garlic garnishing it and would love to have had more of it!!
We shared the Chicken Filet Sultani which has a skewer of tender marinated  chicken breast and a skewer of koobideh.   Both very flavorful, tender and moist.  We also ordered the Gyros beef which was excellent.  The homemade gyros sauce was outstanding; very creamy and an excellent compliment to the spicy gyros beef. Of course, a huge platter of delectable long grain basmati rice accompanied the meats.  Their rice is truly lovely; definitely some butter swimming lovingly through it along with saffron.  Excellent rice!

Another nice meal at the Persian Room.  And we had enough to take home for a second (but lighter) go round today!  Yum!

I don't think it earned a 5 stars this time as the men's restroom (according to my spouse) needed some serious attention and the timing of the food delivery was slightly off.  We received our main meat dish before they had delivered our dinner plates which we needed since we were dining family style.  The platter of rice was about 2 minutes later arriving than our dinner plates.
The best thing about this place was the decor. Food, service, everything else is so average. I was really expecting more. It wasn't horrible, but I won't be back.
Holy cow! Probably the best Persian I've had. We went here for my sister in law's birthday, not knowing what to expect. The atmosphere was great, we were seated quickly without an appointment, and our waiter was attentive and helpful. Then, the food: the chicken kabobs were outstanding, so was the Mahi, and the fesenjean ( a sweet pomegranate, walnut, and chicken stew) was the best I've had, next to my wife's. Follow that up with a nice beer or a nice cocktail you're in great shape. Now for the surprise of the evening. My sister in law was treated to a lesson in how they make their bread. Check out the picture, she struggled a little, but practice makes perfect. Overall a great birthday spot.
Loved it!  After reading the review above was skeptical, yet YELP had many positive reviews.  My wife and I celebrated our 21st Anniversary and could not have been happier with the experience.  We had the Persian Platter (sampler) for the appetizer, Chef's special (sampler - chicken/fish) and some cold Taj Mahal beer (two to be exact).   We made reservations, yet showed up 30 minutes early and was seated with no issues.  We went on a Thursday night for reference.   Service was great and waiter explained the Persian food as we were clueless and only hungry.  Two rice dishes were fabulous.  We will go back again with friends and family.  Total bill was $72.  We had allot of leftovers to take home and enjoyed the next few days.
Good hummus, I had the cornish hen which was pretty good. my husbands beef dish was unimpressive. the wait staff was wonderful. maybe we need to try an alternate dish next time.
We went to the Persian Room for lunch yesterday. The restaurant was beautiful and clean, the service was great, the lunch portions were huge and best of call the food was excellent. All four of us had different entree and all were excellent. 

I'm grateful I don't live near the place as I guarantee I would eat there every week. This is a must return restaurant.  Prices were very reasonable as well.
Went to the Persian room on 10/27/11. Place was recommended by friends who had live  in Iran for a few years  so I decided to try it. I had the number 30 (Barg) and it was delicious, tender, with just the right amount of spices included. It included rice, a grilled tomato, and pita bread. I also had an Amber light in chilled glass. Overall the dinner was excellent, great atmosphere, delicious aromatic  smells as you enter the restaurant. My friends were right about this place.
My husband and I love this restaurant. The food and service are great. We have been there several times and never been disappointed. Make sure you try their bread. It's sooo good because they make it fresh. I absolutely love this restaurant. I can't wait for my next visit!!
This is REALLY good Persian food.  The plates for two are amazing.  The beef kubbideh, chicken, and pounded filet mignon is to die for.  The rice options are all very good.  The hummus and eggplant and hummus combo are both fantastic.  If you like Persian food this is the best place I've been out here.
I recently have team members in town from out of state.  I used to eat here all the time, so suggested it for the team dinner location.  I used to make the drive from Chandler to have dinner here, and was always impressed with the food.  The chicken or beef koobideh is always a favorite of mine, and another is Ghormeh sabzy but I always ask for it to be served with crispy rice.  Yum.  I honestly think that you cannot go wrong with anything on the menu!
Great environment and great food. The bread is to die for! A bit pricey but its enough for two servings usually. Try the pistachio ice cream. That alone will keep you coming back for more.
Great rice, hummus was very good and great bread. The chicken is very juicy and flavorful.
Unbelievable food! The best is the yogurt dip, dolmades, and the non-carbonated Duke with mint (yogurt drink). Plus kubideh and chicken kebab is awesoeme.
Wonderful staff. Very helpful. I echo what others said:  rice with dates and raisins, Persian ice cream. Big portions. I had lamb kabob and was very pleased.  A fine experience.
I've been to the Persian Room multiple times in the last ten years, ever since I moved to the area, and I have enjoyed it every time. (We came most recently on November 10, 2011.) Note: they also cater - my parents got Persian Room catered for their 25th anniversary (about 200 people) and everyone enjoyed it. 

The main attraction at the restaurant is the meat - most of the entrees consist of a large portion of meat, some vegetables, and a huge portion of delicious basmati rice. I have ordered several dishes from the chicken, lamb and beef sections, and have absolutely no complaints, so whatever you choose you will be delighted. The meat is always succulent and tender, and nicely spiced. 

Definitely try the hummus, as it is consistently delicious. 

On my thirteenth birthday (about ten years ago), the service was absolutely atrocious, but most other times I've been there, the service has been good. I've never needed a reservation, as the restaurant is always busy for dinner but not overcrowded.
Enjoyed an amazing dinner here last night. We had a group of 25 to celebrate my friend`s recent marathon run and Persian Room was the perfect place! The have upstairs and downstairs dining, we were upstairs. The only drawback is the restrooms are downstairs and very tiny, plus one stall! (Was surprised at that)

More importantly the food and service. I was told they have outstanding hummus and this turned out to be very true!! The entrees are huge, I ended up half mine home. I ordered the chicked shish with half basmati rice/half salad. Chicken was succulent and just the right amount of spices. Great place and atmosphere over all, we really had a great time here!
The chicken kebab and yogurt dip were delicious, but the service was insufferably slow.
The food is so very delicious and gets a Five Star rating, for that alone. The service is so so, but you'll be able to look past it once their fillet mignon melts in your mouth. 

I recommend the koobideh beef especially. It just seems to dissolve into amazingness in your mouth. And for dessert, try the Persian ice cream. Yum. 

A combination platter will feed four easy, though the menu says it's for two. My husband and I had so much left over that it served as a lunch and dinner the next day. 

One more tip, don't be shy to try the free appetizer. The bread is made fresh in a tandoori-like oven. Spread some butter on it, add lots of basil leaves and some onion and enjoy.
More Persian on the inside than it is on the outside from the street perspective. Magnificently delectable, with huge portions -- I recommend the #30 Barg which is Filet Mignon Kabob and the #23 Zereshk Polo with Chicken, both juicy and succulent. If two of you are feeling "light" then you could easily split one entree and perhaps a hummus appetizer. Most dishes are served with fluffy, long grain Basmati rice with Saffron, the most expensive spice in the world. And yes, it has a wonderful Persian ambiance inside, it feels like the socialite Middle Eastern scenes in "Mission: Impossible -- Ghost Protocol." In fact, if I ever get to date Paula Patton, I'm definitely bringing her to "The Persian Room."
I found this place by surprise. My Bf and I wanted a nice romantic dinner and did not want the usually Italian restaurants so we landed here. Its a nice, huge place with dim lighting and very cozy ambiance. When we walked-in it was crowded, but we were immediately seated and served with pita break and a plate of onions, butter and cilantro (we are still at mystery with the whole concept of a big onion cut down the middle). For appis we just got hummus and that was amazing. For dinner, I had the chicken shish and it was to die for. My bf, since he's a vegetarian, got vegetarian kabob and he was disappointed. However, he enjoyed the hummus and the rice and pita bread. The drink menu was pretty legit. I had a Champagne Cosmo and it was absolutely amazing. If you are a meat eater you will love this place!

The only down to this place was that the service was pretty bad. Our server disappeared for most of the night. She took our order soon, but barely came back during the whole meal to check if we needed something and I usually need something. Other than that, it was great.
Food was good. Nice setting. A bit pricey.
Every time I've been in Scottsdale I've wanted to try this place but never had the chance.  I finally got take out from here last week.  It was wonderful.  I am somewhat familiar with Persian food because my friend's mom would cook for us.  I was so happy to have tah dig (burnt crispy rice with gheimeh, a sour tomato-based stew).  We also had the Persian Room special and the lamb and chicken filet combination plate.  The chicken, the filet mignon, and the lamb koobideh were particularly good.  Even my parents, who hadn't had persian food before, enjoyed it.
Went there tonight with a friend. Very nice ambiance, it was a little warm but ok. Not too crowded for a Friday, had a reservation but probably didn't need it.  Tried the combo platter appetizer, very good. We also went for the Persian combo entree, supposed to be for 2 but probably could feed 3 to 4. Rice was excellent, meat very tender. Recommend for a date or nice evening party.  I thought the price would be more than it turned out even after wine and margarita. Too bad that after 9pm, it seemed like the place emptied real fast, we were ready to stay and enjoy talking longer. Hope to go back soon.
We decided to have dinner at the Persian Room.  When ordering, we substituted the rice that comes with the meal for a different type of rice.  The waitress had suggested that I substitute half my rice for small Greek salad. The meal came, the portions were huge and the food was good (not great).  We had to ask several times for refills on our hot tea.
 When the bill came we noticed that there was a $10 up charge for the substitutions. I mentioned this to the waitress and she said that she can see my point too (huh?) and would talk to the manager.  She came back to say that he would not take the up charges off because it was written on the menu that there's a charge. I asked to speak with him. His name is Mike.  I told him that the waitress had offered the rice/salad substitution and never said a word about the extra charges and didn't appreciate the up charges and he stated " this is a fine dining establishment and we don't like to insult our customers by telling them about $2-$3 up charges here and there.". I told him that he just insulted me that he assumed I don't know how fine dining works.  He said he would reverse the charges but "next time..." I told him there would be no next time.  He ultimately reversed the $10 in up charges. Oh and we never did get our refill on our tea....
I came here last week for dinner wanting to like this place so much, but it didn't turn out being that way.  What I will say positively about this place is the ambiance, decor and service.  I could not complain about any of those things.  
   
   My friend and I began with the pita bread which was actually quite delicious.  Then we had the dolmades.  Those were good as well.  So far the meal seemed as though it was going to be promising.  My friend ordered the lamb shanks.  Two size able shanks in a bath of bland broth.  The rice that came with it wasn't great, but it was a hell of a lot better than the rice I received.  I ordered the lamb koobideh.  Ground, skewered, broiled lamb that tasted like typical frozen breakfast sausage that you find at any supermarket.  This was served with Basmati rice that was just blah.
   
   Based on my experience here with mediocre entrees I have no desire to go back again.  I should stick with Gordon Ramsay's advice.  If a restaurant has pictures of their food on the menu, run!
I found the restaraunt very tastefully decorated.  Wonderful home made bread and dough (yogurt drink).  Kabobs were wonderful and the portions very large.  The share for two can easily feed four!  Quality was not sacrificed.
Good ethnic food in Phoenix, recommended by my local friend.

Pros:

-Great lunch specials!!!
-Koobideh was delicious, very generous portions
-Great for a quick meal if you let them know you are in a time crunch
-pitas were soft and fresh

Cons:

-Location is kind of weird 

Verdict:

Would come back here but probably only when meeting in the area.
Great persian food in the heart of Scottsdale.  It was one of the best persian restaurants I've eaten at and that includes a lot of them in L.A.  Great appetizers, kabobs, home made bread (see my photo) and it seems really popular because it was busy on a Sunday night.  My husband is Iranian and is a great cook and he loved it.  I don't really agree with Ann on the location being weird.  It is on Scottsdale Rd. not far from the new Scottsdale Quarter, shopping and other restaurants.
3.75

First visit in years!  I could've sworn I'd written a review, albeit a year or two *after* my very first visit with Mom and her ex- back when I still lived in Chandler ('04), or perhaps even before that, in Maricopa (horrors!).  I remembered that he, a carnivore at heart, had the #31 Sultani,  while Mom and I shared the # 19 Chicken shish.  We also shared a hummus app.  I vividly recall thinking Persian Room's pita bread stupefying, and I'm happy to report it still is!

It was a hard decision to make- what to have for dinner, after seeing "Jiro Dreams of Sushi" last night (go see it!!), but I decided I'd wait until I could treat Mom out for sushi and to go to PR, instead.  I tried to stop by for takeout on Valentine's Day, but my last minute decision, made after a public speaking class and a whirlwind two-hour writing session at the college library, was foiled when I encountered a packed parking lot, so I headed home instead.  It was easy to find parking tonight, and it was nice to see takeout menus waiting by the first set of glass doors (there are two), where I could comfortably read the menu before going through the second set of doors and place my order at the cashier/host desk.  The friendly female host took my order of Kashk O' Bademjan (app) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/a2ZBDIXmwBm7IWnXR6LK-g?select=A8dp3ThElnflQAyEU6LNXQ#A8dp3ThElnflQAyEU6LNXQ and #33 Naderi (from the section of beef entrees) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/a2ZBDIXmwBm7IWnXR6LK-g?select=GJNTuFYve2kjaT5XqTDdCA#GJNTuFYve2kjaT5XqTDdCA.  Note that "all entrees include basmati rice, pita bread, and a grilled tomato."  I asked how long the order would take to prepare ("about ten minutes") and proceeded up the stairs to the lounge to read my book as I wait.  Or so I thought...

It was my first time up at the lounge, and it's cozy enough.  There are many two-top tables up there, in case you don't want to sit in the larger rooms downstairs, and the bar is comfortable enough to dine solo, or with a friend or two.  There is a TV for those who MUST watch sports as you dine with your companion or unfortunate date... As I've said, I was only going for takeout and was only up here to take advantage of the lighting, but silly me, I asked if PR offered happy hour, and sure enough, it does!  Monday to Friday, from 5p to 8p, happy hour discounts on beer and house wine ($4 glass instead of regular $6) AND a free app (hummus, hummus and eggplant, dolmeh, or yogurt and cucumber dip).  And so, I decided why not enjoy a glass of chard with the hummus I had passed on for dinner?  The pour was actually quite good, and tasty, and it paired nicely with the delicious sauce plate of hummus and a lone olive, topped with spices.  Hot pita bread followed shortly... I was blissful!  (Well, OK, I was very happy.  Yes, I was blissful, too, but that praise rightfully belongs to my lovely therapist at SWIHA!)

The takeout took a lot longer than ten minutes, but I wasn't going to argue, not when I was already full from my app and tipsy from the wine!

I hope to return more often!

p.s.  I did get to try a few pieces of chicken and filet mignon (delicately marinated, yet flavorful, and so tender!), with saffron rice (so buttery!), and another large piece of pita bread to enjoy a bit of the eggplant app with.  The entree was delicious, yet I don't think it's worth $21.95 for take out (see photo).  I could see paying that while dining in, since I have to factor in service and atmosphere, but for takeout...?

Ghaza aali bood, merci!

p.p.s.  Struck me a bit odd that I saw a lot of Asians, instead of Persians, entering and exiting the restaurant.  A bit surreal, I thought, but it could've been the chardonnay... :)
VERY overrated !

I read several reviews on Yelp and really was excited to take my friend here for dinner. What a disppointment!  The server showed up twice--once to TAKE our order, then the second time to ask if we wanted dessert and our bill.  This is not what you call SERVICE.

We ordered the combo lamb and chicken skewer.  The chicken was good but the lamb was extremely tough and full of fat.  Of course we couldn't send it back and address the problem since the server failed to follow up.

I ordered a martini straight up and it took over 45 minutes to receive it. When the bill came they charged me an UP charged since I asked for the normally included cranberry as a SPLASH on the side.  When i asked the server about this charge on the bill, she said that since the cranberry was presented with ICE they had to pour more liquor...I didn't ask for ice...just a splash that I could mix in. They normally include cranberry, chambord, pineapple, and more for the same inclusive price to this martini so this was not an upcharge which was justified.

Heads up to those thinking about coming here.... You can go to several restaurants that offer excellent chicken/beef/and quality lamb skewers that are better quality and much more reasonable. It's clear that The PR doesn't focus on this.

Suggestion, Offer more reasonable portions for less $$ and offer more attentive service. There's obviously a problem when 100% of the tables are taking food to go and paying top dollar for a meal that simply isn't worth it.
It was ok.  Maybe I just ordered the wrong items, but I was not impressed with the quality, on the other hand the quantity was very impressive.
The food was bland, the lamb was hard to chew and full of fat and the vegetables had very little flavor. We were looking forward to eating here but were totally disappointed. I do not recommend it. The best part was the rice.
Really wanted to like this place, but my experience here was not too impressive.
It started off great - the decor is nice, we were greeted and seated promptly.  Then out came a plate of basil and onion, with basket of delicious pita bread.  This kept our appetites at bay, while we awaited our waitress.  

Then it slid downhill... the waitress took awhile to get to our table and take our drink order.  By the time she arrived, I had already eaten half my pita basket, browsed my iphone for meaning of Gheimeh (it means "stew" in Persian), played with game apps while my husband left for restroom, read entire menu together and decided on meal.  Said waitress eventually arrived to get our full order, then we proceeded to wait some more.  We made conversation and entertained ourselves for 25 minutes, then I started to notice how long we were sitting.  That's when I began trying to make eye-contact with the waitress.  Unfortunately, she breezed by our table several times without stopping.   During this time, nary a glass was to be refilled.  After 35 minutes, we noticed another table with a large party (that sat down after us) was getting their food.  My husband actually suggested taking off - but I decided to wait it out.   Finally, after 45 minutes, our food arrived.

We ordered the Vegetable Gheimeh (remember kids, that means "stew") and the Lamb Loin meal.  Both entrees were just "ok".  The stew had vegetables that were cooked down to imperceptible mush and the flavor was entirely blah.   My husband's lamb entree was better, but also lacked much flavor.  Basmati rice was prepared fine, but still nothing special.   I didn't see or taste anything that would make me want to return.

Final verdict?  Save your money and visit another restaurant.  This one isn't horrible, but neither is it worth your time and money.
Great food, nice atmosphere.  You don't walk out smelling like your dinner like some other ethnic joints.  Dessert was great, and the meats were cooked to temperature.  The saffron rice is terrific.  Would recommend.
I thought no way Persian food in Phoenix could be better than in LA. But Persian Room is certainly just as good as anywhere in LA, if not better! This always satisfies my Persian food craving. Love the meats and salads, and of course, the rice. Its also great as takeout.
Well, the ambiance is beautiful and wonderful. The service was good. The food was shit, even the raspberry iced tea had no flavor. We got the chicken and lamb kabob with rice and the rice was not even done, a few pieces of the chicken were ok and the lamb was tasteless.. The Persian ice cream was delicious, it smelled like roses. But you have to keep in mind we were the last ones in there and the kitchen was about to close, so I imagine the food would have been better earlier. Overall, it was ok, but ive had better. I don't think I would come back, I tried it once, and maybe I'll try another Persian restaurant when I get the chance to compare the two.
Combination kabobs are excellent. Wonderful treatment of rice.  Definite value, with a nice atmosphere
We love this place and travel forty minutes to get there. My boyfriend is from Iran and both of us find the food to be excellent. 

The atmosphere is really romantic and relaxing. We joke that the place is like one of those cartoons where there is a little tent in the middle of the desert and once you enter it you're in a palace. Its set just off the side of the road with hardly any other businesses in its complex. You walk in the restaurant and there are beautiful window tapestries, starry ceilings, a fountain, an upstairs bar, a separate room for entertaining. 

We are almost always greeted and seated quickly. Food has always been served at a nice pace as well (and I'm reviewing off of about 20 or so visits to this place in the last three years). Servers are very friendly and always bring us extra basil and bread when we ask. 

Our menu orders traditionally go as such: we both get the house cabernet for 6.00 and its very good. If we are with other people we order the combination appetizer which has several selections, if its just the two of us we go with the hummus which is a must if you are going to make sandwiches with the bread (similar to Indian naan), raw onion, and basil they give you. We share the Persian Room Special (a combination platter for 31.00) that could easily feed four. We eat just our leftovers for 2-3 meals over the next couple days! Includes basmati rice, filet mignon, chicken filet, and koobideh (ground beef) kabob. I always substitute half the rice for zereshk polo. I agree with several other reviewers to try the persian ice cream with the pistachios, very much worth it. 

We bring restaurant.com certificates with us sometimes and get out around 40.00, even when we don't its very affordable when you think about how many meals it covers over the next few days for two people.
I have driven by the Persian Room for 9 years and never ventured in but last night I finally decided to try it out and I'm so glad that I did.  The view of the restaurant from the street does not convey the charm, warmth and decor of the inside of the restaurant.  It has great ambiance, wonderful service and amazing food.  Wine is reasonably priced and the food was amazing.  Ordered the Tour of Persia meal to share and it was great.  Food was seasoned perfectly and the giant plate had a nice variety of foods.  I loved the Persian Room and it's truly a hidden gem in Scottsdale.
I have eaten here twice service and food have always been super... I'd go back. The portions are huge!
We were looking for a good Middle Eastern place and this fit the bill.  Hummus was awesome and kabob was really good. Lots of food, enough to share dishes and try out new things. Totally recommend!
Great tasting Persian food. The quality of food is just great.
Prepare to dine like a SULTAN!  No really, the food here is awesome.  We had drinks, dinner and desert for under $65 and it was all very tasty. Best of all we had leftovers for the next day.  The plates are what fat people love! You may have to flag down a waiter or 2, but if you don't mind that sort of thing...which I don't, you'll be fine.  Don't let the bad reviews scare you off.  The food and atmosphere is way to good to not come here because someone didn't get their cosmo on time.
Great food! brought my sister in-law and my mom lunch for mothers day and we had the appetizer sampler and the sampler platter with all the different meats and basmati. Awesome food!
My Persian sister-from-another-mother took me here for the first time, and I am mad at her.  Not because this place is bad - oh no, it's spectacular.  I'm mad at her because of the fact that I crave these kebabs fortnightly.  I think I even dream about them.  Next time I see her, I'm going to hit her with a skewer of lamb koobideh.  And then eat it.

Persian Room is literally a palace, with a fountain in the middle of the dining room and golden plates.  The servers are working at a steady clip (although it's been evident on some visits that a slim few are way out of their league in terms of keeping up with the hustle), toting out fluffy mounds of rice and simply grilled meats to tables of customers dressed to the nines and dressed down in denim.  All have a place at this feast, whether it's date night or late night kebab craving.

We typically get the Shallot Yogurt or Eggplant with Whey as a starter so that we can sop up the deliciousness with the warm bread that is baked right in the dining room.  Of the kebabs, I'm madly in love with the chicken tenderloin kebab, the mahi mahi (which I have learned that in Farsi translates to "fish fish" - yes, I love the fish fish) and the aforementioned lamb koobideh.  You can stick with the fluffy white rice that comes standard, but I always sub in the Sabzi Polo (or green rice) that is studded with every herb in the garden for a glorious accompaniment to the kebobs.

If you can make it to tea and dessert, more power to you.  These portions are killer and the platters are behemoth.  Although, I have to say that in addition to feasting on the majesty while I am there, I do look forward to the leftovers later.  It's like the Persian gift that keeps on giving.
Why bother?
5 stars!

I went last night with my Persian hubby.  We live in NYC and he grew up on Persian food.  He said The Persian Room was one of the best Persian restaurants he had ever eaten at!  He's extremely picky, so I was very surprised to hear him say that.  I thought the value was awesome and the food tasted yummy!
I am a big fan of middle eastern and this restaurant tops the list. I have been here 4 or 5 times and it's consistently good.   Beautiful ambiance with a big chandelier at the entrance.  there's a small area up the winding staircase with a bar and tables  that are a little more intimate, and the main floor has both booths and separate tables.  dress up or casual.  Everything is very very fresh and the service is good.  big plates of fresh basil with every meal and wonderful fresh baked pita bread.  My favorite is the fava beans with rice... yummm!  The rose water ice cream was crazy good!
Warmly greeted, quickly seated.  Service on the mark with Steven. Newbies to this food Steven explained how to eat it to best enjoy it. I would have not guessed to smash the well roasted tomato into the rice and then eat with the meat.  Got the Persian plate becasue we had read your reviews that we would have leftovers.  For a week!  Very well cooked and fresh.  Bread was replenished with hot pieces. People around us seemed to all be return diners and all ate and took home the leftovers. Value was good when you eat two meals off of one order.  Two of us over ordered food with 2 glasses of wine for 50$ and then lunch tommorrow. Fresh basil and onion served with the fresh bread.  
The only reason that last star was not given... make the platter too hot to hold and the plates too.  You can't eat all this food and it not get cool if the serving dishes are not red hot.
Thanks Yelpers for heading us this way.
I wanted this to be great. I love Persian food. And the food here is really good. And I would totally eat it again, if it was not for having to go to the actual restaurant to eat. The service was so below par that it was actually hilarious. First, we were greeted and seated quickly. Which was very nice and the hostess was very polite. So far so good. Then we were told our waiter would be right with us. So we waited....

and waited....

waited........

finally, my friend asked a waiter that we would like to order. But this boorish lady with a Russian accent said "I will will get him". First, why do you need to get him. You were folding napkins (slowly, I might add) before we called you over. You could have taken our order and then told our waiter. Or at least, said with a nicer tone. I felt like we had just signed the death warrant for our waiter. And when she arrived, she was very pleasant and apologized for the wait. We ordered our meals and drinks. My beer and my other friend's ice tea arrived quickly. But my other friend's wine just didnt arrive. The excuse we got was "we don't have a bartender tonight, the manager is finding it".  Then she left. And we never saw her again. Our appetizer arrived and our main courses. But still no wine! Finally, we got someone over here, just for them to run off to get the manager. So another guy arrives and we get the wine. By the time, he poured the glasses, he was already gone from the table. And no surprise because the wine was bad. 

Then as we chatted, with plates just sitting in front of us. And that Russian mob woman back to her napkins. 

Then the "manager" arrived with our check. And told us our waitress had to leave. See what I told you?! Totally signed her death warrant with that Russian mob lady. 

No apologies, no nothing. So while the food was good. I would just stay away, I mean the restaurant was half empty when we went and it was midweek. I can not imagine this place when it is busy.

So two stars because the food was great but just like how one F can ruin your GPA, the service just ruined it for us.
Delicious, Persian food (very similar to Mediterranean) served like a work of art, with pita-style bread made to order and served gratis to every table. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu, but try the Chicken Koobideh for a different and enjoyable experience (ground chicken & spice kabob).

The hummus and yogurt dips are also exceptional, and pair nicely with the hot, made-to-order bread they give you.

Elegant but unimposing atmosphere. Very friendly wait service and staff too.

I'm a regular at this place, and for very good reason.
Came here with my family.  Delicious food.  Everything tastes fresh and is served hot.  Fresh baked bread made close to our table.  Would go back again.
great food - chicken, rice, bread..
very large portions
priced just rite
decor is gaudy, but its okay good food made up for it.

YUM YUM YUM
Excellent happy hour! We got free hummus at the bar too. Great deal and a great atmosphere!
Absolutely fabulous!  My wife and I ordered a combination platter so that we could sample different menu offerings.  Included were barg (fillet mignon), chicken fillet, and koobideh (ground lamb roasted) served with basmati rice and grilled tomato.  The menu stated that it was for 2, but the platter, really a large tray, was enough for 3 or 4.  We ordered a side of cucumber yogurt which was perfect with the main course.  It came with tiny currents and finely chopped pistachio sprinkled on top--absolutely delicious as a dip for the warm pita bread and meats.  We also recommend dolmens, stuffed grape leaves, as an appetizer .
We were seated right away, waitress was friendly, food came out hot and well presented.
MENU PLATE #18 is perfect if your not into middle eastern food too much but want good quality rice chicken and kabob
I've never written a review the same day I visited a restaurant but this one I couldn't wait to write about. It was the 3 of us (My wife, son and myself). We ordered one of those large combos of Chicken and Fish. It says it serves 2 but it could serve at least 3 which is great (big portions aren't a problem with us since we like take home the left overs). The food was great as usual and the salmon was to die for. So this concludes the good part of our visit. 
I worst part was the service. It was just plain awful from the same waitress that we always get stuck with when we visit (we come here often). Usually the service isn't terrible enough to warrant a bad review. But today was just special (in a bad way). This wasn't that cheap of an item off the menu and the restaurant wasn't too busy but I kid you not, we only saw the waitress twice; when we ordered and when she brought the food. Don't even get me started on her attitude. She may have missed the number 1 requirement taught at Waiting 101 which is smile. I would say I'll let it slide if it was the first time but she's always grouchy and today, extremely unfriendly. We finished our food and we waited about 10 minutes for her to come so we can ask for the check. Nope. She was chatting with the greeter and I tried my best to squeeze the last ounces of my patience, but to no success. So we just stood up, my wife went to the car with my son and I waited in line to pay for my expensive meal. Just terrific! HOW IN THE HECK IS A SERVICE LIKE THIS IS EXPECTED TO BE TOLERATED, especially on a WEEKEND? 

Of course she saw me waiting in line and she then came with the check. I said absolutely no word to her because if I have, it would have been unpleasant.

On a check that was around $60, I tipped her $3 and I still thought that was generous. I'm not even close to being cheap when it comes to tipping but this time I had to make a statement. 

To sum up; Terrible service from the older waitress (40s). The greeter was excellent. The owner (or manager) was excellent. The food was excellent. But if you care about service, you can either order to-go, or avoid the place when that grouchy waitress is working.
The Gyro meat is incredible!  I have been here multiple times just because of the gyro meat.   i highly recommend this establishment
Fancy... better get a hot date. Too late for some of us :( hahaha
Food was great no doubt... couldn't find a fault with any of the Kebab options and bread was made fresh.
My only gripe is staff gets a little testy... patience patience.
Went to dinner here since I was staying at a near by hotel. I was seated upstairs in the bar area, at a table, which I really enjoyed from a seating view.

I had the lamb shank and it was incredible!

My rating reflects that I have only been there once, but if I am ever in the area I will definitely go back.
I went here with friends and we tried the vegetarian stew and the vegetarian kebab. The stew was too sour and the lentils slightly undercooked. I would not recommend it. However, the kebab was quite good and their zarashk polo was fantastic. Among the appetizers dolmeh were some of the best I have had, but the hummus was ordinary.
Let me start by saying I was tempted to give 1 star...

**Our server was great, he was a young man, but I don't remember his name.

We have been to Persian Room many times (me since 2006, my husband prior to that) and probably for the first couple of years I would have given them 5 stars, and then, it keeps going down hill...

We used to go more often but for the same reason our visits are more sporadic nowadays. A few times the service has been terrible, specially with big groups, some huge delays, messed up orders, some other time our food arrived before our appetizer... go figure...

This last time the unthinkable happened... I didn't like the kashk bademjan... I am not the expert in Persian food, but up until that day kashk bademjan had always been delicious, creamy and you would have never known eggplant was involved. Well. Chunks. Huge chunks. One twice the size of my thumb. And seeds... and kashk nowhere to be seen...

Also, the gorgeous rice, long skinny grains, dark yellow, flavorful, seems to be a thing of the past... the rice was OK, but it was regular blah rice, that was not shiny Persian Room rice : (

Well, not everything is lost, their Koobideh is my favorite, it is still good. We also like the homemade doogh.
However, when you put everything together, for that price, I don't think it is worth it : ( While before, the rice itself was worth the trip and the check.

As a side note, we had a coupon, and we went there on Dec 31. The coupon had a holiday restriction, and I honestly considered that the holiday was January 1st. Well, the host/shift manager brought it back to us saying it was a holiday and they didn't even have the lunch specials that day, so they rejected our coupon.

We were not very happy, but oh well... However...  As we were leaving... my husband brought it to my attention... if it is a holiday and they don't have 'lunch', how come we got the blah pitas instead of the real naan? Anyway, the pitas reminded us why we don't go to lunch to Persian Room, and the bad kashk bademjun will remind us why we don't plan to go back any time soon... : (
I am sorry if I am overdoing it with the sad faces, but it is because this was one of our favorite places.
Wonderful staff. Very helpful. I echo what others said:  rice with dates and raisins, Persian ice cream. Big portions. I had lamb kabob and was very pleased.  A fine experience.

This year is same as last year. Outstanding. Make a reservation!
This place is simply amazing,
We eat there at least once a week,For many years.
Definitely a place to go for people who appreciate good food and service.
Just ate the leftovers from my visit last night...yum!  This was my second visit to the Persian Room and turns out the first wonderful experience over a year ago  was not a fluke.  The portions are very large, plenty for two to split and still feel full.  I was in a party of six and we had the pleasure of sampling each other's meals.  

We started with appetizers.  I could see myself going there just to get them.  The dolmehs (stuffed grape leaves) were delicious, the hummus was creamy and had well balanced flavors.  The yogurt & cucumber dip was refreshing (love the bits of currants!)  I especially enjoyed the hummus and eggplant delight.  And of course the fresh hand-made pita is something to cherish!

The meal was super tasty.  My husband had the lamb and loved it (I don't care for lamb.)  I had a combination meal filet and beef koobideh and it was very good.  Strangely though, the filet was cold when I got it.  Another person in our party had the same issue with their filet.  He sent it back, but I decided since I was not going to finish the meal until today I would just pack the filet and eat the koobideh.  The waitress was very nice and accommodating and got the food back to my friend quickly and at the preferred temperature.  As for my filet...it was even more scrumptious this afternoon.  Next time I'll try the chicken barg or chicken shish because someone gave me a chunk of their's and it was tender and flavorful. 

We all had the Persian ice cream and baklava for dessert.  They are both made in house and well-made.  The flavor of the ice cream is unique and memorable.  The baklava was not overly sweet and was perfectly flaky.  What a way to end an already wonderful meal.
absoultey love. everything is amazzzzzballs!
I remember casually hearing about The Persian Room a few years back and never put it on my list .. My husband where on our way to a different restaurant and I opened my Yelp App to see what else was in the area and decided to try something new. Boy am I glad we took the detour! We arrived around 7:00 PM couldn't get immediate seating, so we sat at the bar .  I love sitting at the bar because you tend to get more attention. The bartender educated us on how to order and even gave us yummy suggestions for leftovers .  We started off with the complementary wood fired house made naan , that was served with fresh cilantro , basil, onion and butter on the side to top on your bread with . It was happy hour until 8PM, so we ordered Hummus and Tzatziki (that was  1/2 off), both are really good and highly recommended.   We shared the taste of Persia for two ; the plate came on this gorgeous silver platter with enough food for four (I guess that's the Persian way of eating) , three kabobs (filet , chicken and a ground beef) a huge side of rice and a side salad of finely chopped tomato , cucumber and onion with lemon vinaigrette. The kabobs were so tender you can cut it up with a fork, the rice and salad was amazing too.  I was really impressed with the food and our whole experience , I plan to bring out of town guest for a cool experience . This is the perfect place to share family style.
My wife and I went to The Persian Room today.  This is sort of a belated Valentine's Day.  Both of had agreed to postpone the Valentine's dinner from Thursday to Saturday.  Both of us work nearly 12 hours a day at our jobs.

We went to the Persian Room 02/16/2013 to find it quite busy.  Thank goodness we had a reservation.  We would have been waiting some time otherwise.  

We ordered the following:

Torshi (kind of a pickled vegetable salad with wine vinegar)
Hommus with Eggplant delight (a dip)

Lamb and chicken combination dinner (for 2)...included koubideh


The torshi was good, but found it a bit sour. 

Hommus was very good.  

The lamb and chicken combination was very good and very heavy.  My wife and I were able to bring a lot of it home simply because we were not able to finish it.  The portion size was pretty big.  

We really enjoyed the food.  The inside of the restaurant looks like it is classy.  We have eaten at a lot of restaurants that specialize in Middle Eastern cuisine.  This is definitely one of them that ranks as the most classy.  I would definitely recommend this to others.  

Also look at the Caspian Market next door.
Excellent, lunch or dinner. Atmosphere is suitable for either - classy. Not terribly expensive. Food is delicious, and not your standard fare. Kubideh's my personal favorite, but the chicken dishes are great as well.
I'll continue to go back.
For my big 100th review I wanted to write about some place special, and this was the place! This is hands down some of the best Persian food I've had in a while (my favorite place is Hen House in Irvine, CA... but this place comes very close!)

First of all, walking in through the glass double doors you feel like you're dining with royalty as the restaurant entry has a beautiful staircase and the walls and floors are decked with red and gold Persian tapestry, curtains and rugs. Love the vibe, it can be considered a nice place to bring the family or a date. But there were definitely many families there the night we went. Service was impeccable even thought it was busy, our waitress Nicole was very sweet and attentive! Now on to the food...

My friends were visiting from California and we had spent the whole day eating around Scottsdale and I had been forewarned about the large serving sizes so we knew to order little. Still, the three of us ended up ordering a Kashk O'Bademjan, Osh E'Reshteh, and a Beef and Chicken Koobideh a la carte... Wow, I'm actually drooling right now! The Kashk for those who don't know is like a roasted eggplant spread with whey and topped with fried onions. It typically has a little bit of yogurt in it to make it creamier (and in my opinion, tastier). The kashk here didn't have much yogurt, if any so it had a more concentrated eggplant flavor. I actually think it tasted more like curried eggplant, but regardless it was delicious! The Ash was also delicious, very hearty with all the vegetables and easy on the noodles (which I prefer). It was thick enough to put on our plate and eat with pita rather than eat it as a soup. The koobideh was BOMB, I prefer the ground meat to steak because its easier to eat and absorbs a lot more flavor, but it really depends on my mood. But both the chicken and beef were flavorful and moist. We quickly ran out of pita bread so decided to order a side of rice (haha we really should just have ordered an entree) and it was a huge serving! We had to order another koobideh just so we could take it home as leftovers mmm..The meal came with a plate of basil, cilantro and raw onion as well. I love to tear up the raw basil and mix it in with my rice and top it all off with the sumac they leave on every table. Overall, I thought the food was excellent :D

Prices were perfect for the amount of food you get! For 3 people and 2 alc. drinks, Osh, Kashk Obadmejan, 3 koobideh, a side of rice and a side of Tahini bill came out to 52 bucks. And we went home with plenty of left overs!

I guess the only downside I saw was that the bathroom was tiny for such a big restaurant! They should really try to make it bigger because I had to wait in line a while; they has 2 stalls. 

Other than that I enjoyed the food and the vibe and I will most definitely be back!
I'm not really a big fan of Mediterranean/ Iranian (and im iranian, lol) food so I'm very picky about the food. My order here is always the same and they always deliver it well!

The gheimeh stew which is phenomenal! With half shirazi salad and half rice. The rice is super fluffy and delicious. I love basmati rice. The shirazi salad is perfect! Just the right amount of spices and lemon! 

However, I've heard almost everything is delicious on the menu, especially the filet mignon. 

The staff is really nice also and price is decent! The place is super gorgeous! 

Doo dooo dooo Iran! (Iranian chant)
We loved Eddie, and his very appeasing accent. He was very good and so comedic. Great service, great food, and great ambiance, and would recommend this restaurant to everyone. He made for a great evening and we loved his accent and comedic ways!
Great Persian restaurant!  Tasty rich food, great friendly service and nice decor.  What else can you ask for?  Try their combination platters...all meats have great flavors, tender and well presented.  When it says it serves 2 people, there are actually enough food for 3-4.  Don't forget to save room for desserts!  Persian (rose water) ice cream with baklava is my personal favorite!!  It also looks like they give you a free dessert for your birthday!
I have eaten at many Mediterranean Restaurants in Arizona, aside from other states and overseas. The Persian Room is, by far, one of the best in Arizona, if not The Best. You will find a mixed crowd there and it is as casual as you want it to be. From large parties celebrating an occasion, business meetings, families, couples and friends, everyone is welcome. Now back to the food...I have had several dishes including the Chicken Filet Sultani, Barg, Sultani, Naderi, and Gyros, and all were wonderful. All seasoned well and very tender. To start off, the Tah Dig (crispy rice) topped with Gheimeh stew is delicious. You can have that alone as a meal, but most parties start with this as an appetizer, along with Shirazi Salad. Most meals are served with Basmati Rice and you can choose Shirazi Salad to accompany it. If you go after 5pm, you will have the opportunity to try their freshly baked pita bread, as well. My absolute favorite entree is the Koobideh (seasoned ground beef and minced onions). It is the best I have ever had. Just be forewarned, the portions are large. So be prepared to take half your dish home, which is just as good the next day. All in all, the service is wonderful and the food is outstanding. If you have yet to try Mediterranean food, why not start with the best...OR try someplace else and then try The Persian Room to compare. You can thank me later. ;)
Excellent in every way.
Persian is my favorite cuisine and they have the best koobideh I've tried as well as excellent fresh pita, hummus, and baba ghanouj. Prices are high because the portions are large, and they are not a place to go if you want to eat healthy or share (they charge to split). They give basil and onion with their pita which pair well with the hummus. Very good food, but a little too formal imo.
Huge portions and consistently good! Always crowded. I take my young kids there who love the food and the wait staff is so accommodating to clean up their mess even though I always offer.
You definitely won't go hungry here!! The atmosphere was nice. The people were even nicer. It can be casual but you might want to put on something a little more special to dine here, plus it makes you feel good to dress up. The food was outstanding! The value to portion ratio at dinner is insane, I suggest fasting before eating here. You will get two large meals out of it. I was so hoping to try dessert after Yelps recommendations but I will have to control myself next time to fit that in. The bread is delivered to your table shortly after coming out of the oven & is warm & delicious. There were a few large groups that had laughter oozing from the tables which made it a fun experience. We can't wait to go again!
WORST SERVICE EVER!!!!! If you don't like serving guests upstairs, please don't seat us up there. I eat out every day and I've never seen such lazy, careless service in my life. To start, It took 15 minutes to get greeted. When we finally did get greeted, it was by a rude server who seemed annoyed we were there. His first words to us were "are you ready?" That set the tone for the rest of the dinner. He went downstairs and came back up to check on us one time. The bartender working up there ignored us, we never even got refills on our drinks, and we had to go up to her to get our bill, even though all she was doing was just standing behind the bar doing nothing. The food was good, and they were playing Monday night raw on the tv upstairs which was the only reason they are getting one star from us. Your food is good, now please fix your service!
The perfect business or executive lunch. Speedy lunch service at a great price and the atmosphere will most certainly impress. Cannot recommend any scottsdale or phoenix restaurant more highly for lunch service. 

The portions here are truly large and the meat is very high quality. The Persian Room is certainly a gem in the East Valley, with comparable quality to Los Angeles' best. 

Great wine and desert selections, especially the roulette. It is very light and goes great with tea to complete that perfect traditional Persian feast!
Wanted to try this place for a long time. Sat in the upstairs loft which is kind of weird, with a very long flight of stairs to get up there.  The food was great. The lamb entrees were all excellent and large portions. Service was just OK and very confused at times. I would go back but definitely sit downstairs. Maybe the service would be better there.
This place has my favorite food in the Phoenix area.  And, if you like grilled meats, hummus and rice you will love it, too.

Disclaimer: I'm not a connoisseur of the depth of traditional Persian foods - I'm just a regular girl who loves her meats, veggies and rice. 

If it's your first time I HAVE to recommend you try the Barg - beef or chicken, they are both amazing.  The meats are tender and full of flavor.  The hummus here is one of my very favorites and the dipping bread they make on-site is perfect - even whole grain recently.  As for the rice, if you like tartness (think cranberries with a twist) I recommend upgrading your rice on the dish to the Zereshk - it's amazing.  The little red spice they offer on the table (Sumac) has a very slight lemon flavor and accents both the meat and the rice wonderfully.  I also sometimes order the koobideh - think meatloaf with lots of flavor.  I've not liked that in many Persian places but here is it very good.

The only hazard I have for you is that the portions are huge, so plan to have leftovers.  Highly recommended!
Visited The Persian Room for our Special Anniversary and were pleasantly surprised.  We were greeted warmly and offered a very romantic table for two on the first level.

We started off with the Chicken Eggplant Barani and with the hot pita that was served made for a very satisfying appetizer.  Two Entrees we ordered were the Chicken & Koobideh Barg and the Gheimeh bademjan.  Both were very flavorful but the Barg was certainly by far much better.  We upgraded our rice to the Zereshk  as per the prior reviews and it was wonderful.

Overall we have a great time.  The next time we might just decide to order an appetizer and then share an entree since it truly is alot of food.
Best Persian food in AZ!
It was my first time having Persian food, but it won't be my last. I loved the meal!
Persian room definitely doesn't disappoint.  I have been to this restaurant quite a few times and I always leave full with a takeout box.
Great price, nice ambiance, and delicious food. The chicken kabob was very tender and juicy. The meat platter is a must!
Food was just okay. They serve dinner on serving platters which is way too much food. Waiter was obnoxious and became extremely annoying as the evening went on. Felt like he was rushing us and just wanted us to pay the bill and leave. Not sure we will go back.
Yum, yum, yum, YUM. What can I say? I love lamb. The Persian Room is the perfect place to go on a quiet date, a family get-together, whatever. All of the food is absolutely delicious. There are all different types of rices you can order with your main feature; my favorite is the one that comes with sour cherries.

The service is always great and everyone seems to be genuinely happy to be there. You should try the eggplant hummus with the fresh basil and pita they bring out. So, so good. Service and food times can take a little longer here due to demand, so I'd make sure you're planning on making an evening of it. Enjoy!
Brought some friends over here and our server Sultan was the BEST server. If you come here please ask for Sultan's service because he will treat you well.
Large portions, nice people. I recommend the streak and chicken with-rice more than the pasta. Love the all you can eat bread with fresh herbs.
I love the Hummus from here! I do not like their food. I go quite often but,  to only eat the Hummus! Delicious!
Always love this place. I stopped in with my girlfriend after a long day... Amazing food like usual... Never disappointed!!! Try it out!!!
Jubi!  
Loved the food. They certainly know how to properly prepare Iranian food.

We had the most delicious:

Fenesjan (pomegranate walnut stew served with rice)

Khask Bademjan -  sp? (fried eggplant blended into a spread, served hot toped with fried onions and mint and dried whey)

Yogurt Dip with cucumbers - Forgive me I forgot how to say this in farsi.... 

They cook the rice perfectly, coming out how it should - not too moist, not to dry, lighlty scented - long grains - fluffy and zero mush consistency. Perfection.

They freshly make bread.... everything is fresh. The place is a bit old school decorated... but really feels like you are walking into an elegant persian home. I saw a sign for upstairs some sort of happy hour discount something, but only for those sitting upstairs. Worth investigating. Food is not cheap, but they do it right and it is delicious. 

Also - after dinner check out the market next door. It is open late and if you are lucky, the owner will give you a sample of a baked sesame nut sweet bread.
This place makes my short list of great ethnic restaurants. I get to Scottsdale frequently and this is my 2nd visit to the Persian Room. I will definitely be coming back. I am not an expert on food from this culture but I know what I like. So far, nothing here has disappointed. 

The service is friendly, helpful, polite and has just the right amount of guidance for people like me that are not that familiar with this type of food. We were served by Nico and she was right on with her suggestions. She represents the front of the house very well and my group felt welcome and well attended to by her. The menu is almost overwhelming because of all the choices but everything I tasted was delicious. Hummus and Stuffed Grape Leaves were a couple of favorites as was the house-made flat bread that comes straight out of their oven to the table. The Koobideh and the Chicken Barg were some mains that are recommended and a word to the wise...the portions are quite large. Surprisingly so given the reasonable prices for ethnic authenticity. 

This is not fancy, fine dining but it does get 5 stars from me because it has the total package: Great front-house staff, great food, and great execution of the entire meal. Anyone that does not enjoy themselves here either is a food coward or needs to be on anti-depressants. Looking forward already to my next visit!
I came here for dinner one night during the week. We started off with a few appetizers including the ta diq (sp?). It was so delicious; I've never had anything like it! Everyone's entrees were huge and delicious. Can't wait for my leftovers!
I couldn't help but to notice how many middle-eastern people of many different regions are eating here. When eating any type of ethnic food, even Mexican, I want to see a ton of people of that particular ethnicity eating and enjoying the food. First time there a while back and it was delicious and of course the portions are generous. The lamb is money as long as you don't want it burnt...the rice with raisins, dates and lentils was a surprise and the fresh naan...hellyeah!!!
Yum!  I have driven by this place so many times and finally met a coworker here for lunch last month.  The decor is a little dated, but still nice.  We were welcomed by the staff and the service was excellent.  The prices were really reasonable, the portions were generous and the food was absolutely delicious.  The beef kabob was moist and flavorful and served with everything I like.  I will definitely be back!
The food was delicious. But the service was poor.  Waiting time for food was longer then expected for a Tuesday night.
I had lunch here with my manager one afternoon. We were seated quickly and the service was alright. My manager introduced me to the onion/mint/butter/pita combo which I found amazing and could have eaten just that. We also ordered some hummus to share, which was very flavorful. For my meal, I had the Chicken filet sultani which is a TON of food. A lot of food but very very good. I could only eat about half and had the rest later that evening for dinner. I'll definitely be back and try to explore the menu a little more.
Service at the Persian Room was excellent. They have a very large menu specializing in various kabobs, but there are seafood and vegetarian options as well. There dolmeh and hummus is fantastic, and the traditional flatbread with basil, butter and onion was so delicious! A great place for large parties.
for a friend's birthday celebration, we met up at the Persian Room. the decor and service here have a very high end feeling without the ridiculous prices. our server was expertly professional. when i had a question about whether or not to order a dish, he said "try it. if you don't like, i'll bring you something else." i thought that was an excellent way of treating a customer. 

i had a new dish on the menu....heavy on the rice (which was cooked just perfectly), it had peas, baby mushrooms, beans, and lentils simmered in a tomato based sauce. it was a huge dish and i could only eat about half. i enjoyed the savoriness of the tomato sauce. 

also of note, the app they bring out of basil, cilantro, onion and bread....not something i would normally consider, but it was very tasty. with a side of their ultra dreamy creamy hummus and it was deeeelicious! 

what a nice meal!
This is some of the best food in town. It's incredibly flavorful, authentic and healthy. The portions serve two, at least - between that and the high quality, it's a great deal! 

The first thing you notice is that the place looks absolutely luxurious, a lovely example of Persian finery, and the prices don't include a surcharge for that :-) 

The service is always excellent - friendly and knowledgable, and high-end like the decor.

I highly recommend the Zuresk Pollo (rice with saffron and barberries) and the mahi mahi. The humus is creamy and superb - definitely a must-try!

Every table is served fresh-baked pita-type bread with a side of basil, raw onion and butter (amazing combination if you're adventurous, and the bread is wonderful on its own if you're not feeling adventurous.

Dine in or take-out, you'll be glad you went! Enjoy!!
Our dining experience was less than desirable & very disappointing. Save your money folks. There are much better dining options in Scottsdale!  
The decor is nice & is far superior than the service & food. 
When our waiter showed up he greeted us with "are you ready?".  There was no explanation of how to eat the onion, basil, cilantro & strips of bread/butter. 
The food was very bland. I had the veggie eggplant/okra dish which was very over cooked. The eggplant was gross and hard to even get on my fork. Very mushy and reminded me of snot!!!  The okra was mushy and flavorless. I ended up adding raw onion from the appetizer plate just to get some flavor. The rice was okay. 
My hubby had the veggie skewer and agreed it was very bland & tasteless. 
Not worth the price. We will never return!
Plus the staff needs a refresher course in customer service!
real excellent food, good service (could be better) and the portions are huge.
The ambiance is very formal, usually packed on weekend nights. Have a reservation, definitely. The food here is AMAZING! Try hummus, DA BOMB DOT COM. Okay, maybe I'm getting a little ahead of myself. For an entre, I usually order the Cornish hen, which comes with saffron rice and roasted tomatoes. The portions are pretty big, so if you have a child with you, I recommend that you share because the plates are huge. The waiters are kind and there's a place where you can watch a chef making the pita bread. Show your kids. Happy dining!
The decor is gorgeous and it isn't too loud inside. We ordered the hummus and this is reason enough to go there. It was delicious and they gave us a large amount of pita. The Lamb kabob was delicious too, and it came out very fast! We had leftovers and we ate them all the next day.
This is my favorite restaurant in town.  The food is authentically prepared, they have generous portions and the restaurant is big and comfortable.  I go there often and always like the food.  Try the hummus and chicken kabobs !
My family always enjoyed the food but lately the service as well as the food has not been too consistent.  You used to get a bed of greens with basil but few times only was cilantro. Ordered the Bagla polo rice and got cherrie rice and white rice, ordered a plat of grilled onions but got a few pieces in a large plat.   Tonight was a disappointing dinner:-(.
"As Good As it Gets !!"  The Kabob here are as authentic Persian as it can get.  This is from two of my dining 1st generation Persia born and raised friends who are discriminate about their Kabob.  

Persian Room is owned by a Persian family and this their second restaurant in the area. Their head cook has been with them for 12 years or so now.  This means a history of consistency. 

Our meal consisted of Beef, Lamb, Chicken kabob accompanied by Eggplant curry, Vegetable dish, Steaming bread, and Jasmine rice ( plain as well as one with mixed berry seeds ) and stuffed grape leaves. We also had orders of the yoghurt drink - nothing like the sweet lassi you get an Indian restaurants.

The food was far more than the 4 in my dining party in fact we couldn't even finish half of the amount. Each bite of every kabob, is juicy, moist, and perfectly balanced in aromatics and fresh taste.  The portions are traditional large serving and meant to be shared. The perfection in flavor is indescribably amazing.  There is no beating around the bush - kabob here are perfect!!! 

The ambiance evokes Persian feel in the interior architecture and decor of large chandelier, Persian rigs depicting historical figures hanging on the walls, an aura of inviting family atmosphere on the Mai floor and a more cozy private feel upstairs by a fully stocked bar.  Our serving staff were as courteous and attentive as can be.  

This place would be a great one to host a Yelp event where the attendees could be taken on a gastronomical tour of Persian cuisine.  

My hat off to the owners of Persian Room for achieving such dining experience for those coming in through its doors
Persian room special is a great value!!! $39.99
Very busy night at this restaurant so we sat outside. Only one waitress for the whole patio and service was slow but when the huge platter of food arrived we quickly forgave the wait.
A group of 7 woman chose to dine at the Persian room.  We came from all over the valley, from Goodyear, from Chandler, etc.  How excited we were.  We all had heard such wonderful comments about the restaurant.  We went on an Saturday night, reservations at 6. Assumingly, their busiest night, so they should have been well prepared.  What a horrendous experience we had.  It started off well.  But we noticed right away the service was slow.  When I was finally able to flag someone down to take my drink order, I was informed they could not make a mojito as they did not have any mine.  No mint?  A middle eastern restaurant without mint? They tried to push their signature drink on me, but I was not interested.  I had already been informed the drink was overly sweet.  Fine, I just stuck with water.  Another attendee ordered a Pear Martini that she had to send back as it tasted like cough syrup.  She ended up with one of their signature drinks.  Dinners were ordered.  For $17.00 I received a large plate with 3/4 of it rice and what looked like one skewer of chicken.  Looking around, the plates of the other attendees looks pretty much the same, a small portion of meat and 3/4 of rice.  The entire time we were there [approx. 3 hours] not once were our water glasses refilled.   Not once did the waitress come over and asked how everything was, did we need anything.  Not once.  After dinner, the dinner plates took an extremely long time to be removed and not all the plates were removed.  Two of the woman ordered the Persian Pastry, only to be informed by the waitress they were all out of it.  Did the woman want something else?  One woman ordered baklava and the other ordered another item off the menu.  What she received was not what she ordered on the menu, but instead another item was brought out, having been told once again, the second dessert she ordered was not available either.  Two of us women decided to order an after dinner coffee, with a shot of Kahlua and whipped cream. They were brought out iced, and in a whiskey glass.  What?  I informed the waiter I wanted hot coffee.  Got my hot coffee, luke warm, and again in a whiskey glass.  Really?  I wanted a cup of coffee, and I get it in a whiskey glass?  Another woman at the table just wanted a cup of regular coffee and it took the waitress over 15 minutes to bring her the coffee.  What, did they have to pick and grind the beans?.  Meanwhile, dirty dinner plates remained on the table.  Finally, we all had enough.  Once of the woman took charge after the waitress was bringing by the checks.  She wanted to speak with the manager.  During the 1/2 hour, many discussions took place, whereas the manager was very condescending. [Makes you wonder if that is how he speaks with his customers in general, or just us because we were woman]. They were understaffed that night.  It's a Saturday night.  It is the restaurant's responsibility to make sure they are staff and the customers are attended to.  He offered to give a $30 dollar gift card for us to come back.  Come back?  That was laughable.  We are never coming back and cannot wait to tell our experience to our friends.  The manager then comes over with the two desserts that were initially ordered?  Where were these the first time around?  Oh, the waitress did not know that they did in fact have the desserts.  Would we like them know? No!  What we want is our check and some compensation for our horrible experience.  "We could box up the desserts and you can take them home".  
What part of no did he not understand.  After much insistence he did comp some of each of our checks, but the full gratuity was left on.  No way.  We were not leaving a full tip.  The woman was a horrendous waitress and full tips were not given.  Never ever ever going back!!  The show Mystery Diners would have had a field day with this one.
My friends say it's a typical Persian restaurant with the decor, the dim lighting and running waterfall sounds. The food was excellent. I don't know much about Persian cuisine but my Persian friends were really excited about what the Persian room had to offer. They give you these flatbread type bread that's freshly baked and served with cilantro onion basil and butter. We ordered the homemade yogurt drink which you can order it flat or sparkling. I tasted both and preferred the flat. And I ordered a 34. The sultani. It had beef, chicken and like a ground meat. The flavors were amazing on the bismati rice! The chicken was just tender and juicy. The entire meal is filling and large making it hard to not take home leftovers. I would definitely recommend this place for anyone craving kabobs and to experience Persian culture.
It's above average, does not live up to my expectation having experienced outstanding Iranian grill in California. Portions are generous. Fresh baked flat bread is fantastic. Chicken koobideh is very good. Beef koobideh has been minced in a food processor and does not have a traditional texture of a koobideh, but it's very tasty. Chairs and tables are due for a refinish.
Delicious!! :) got seats within five minutes of arriving. Service was top-notch and atmosphere was great!  Portions are huge, can definitely get one order for two people.

Not an ideal place for kids but perfect for dates, family gatherings, or any special occasion :)
You just can't get better food for your money.  Filet kebab just melts in your mouth and the chicken filet kebab is to die for.  As for fesenjan, well I've died and gone to heaven.  The service is great and we always have food to take home and eat the next day.  No better food in town, literally.  I'm hungry just writing this.
Very overrated. Our food was cold and my vegetarian dish was awful. Overall a bad experience.
Place was right next door to the hotel I was staying at and was in the the mood for some middle eastern food. This place hit the spot food was good as was the service.  Definitely would go back next time I'm in Scottsdale!
They have a nice dining area but I have to say their food isn't up to par. I recommend The Big Fat Greek restraunt on tatum & shea
One of my favorite places to eat in Phoenix. I can say this is THE BEST PERSIAN food you can find around here. In fact, Im ready to go out on a limb and declare, its the best Persian food Ive had!  My favorites are the beef kubedeh and barg. Their bread is baked fresh and is devine as well. Dont forget to try their ice cream
Ordered #35 on the menu. Extremely disappointed. Four pieces of hard lamb... and 95% of the dish Jasmine rice. Very blah. Will never come back.
My husband and I were the only Caucasian Hispanic couple in the joint so I guess we got the visitors (non-ethic related) plate--one that was bland, skimpy, cold and had a hair in it.  I can't help but to notice that the BAD food is for the Gringos. 

Sunday was busy, we dressed casually and got the the bad joke about my hubby's t-shirt from the waiter. There were plenty of casual exercise wearing families there.
I would have been very upset had I felt like I dressed for a special occasion and received this Extremely Bad Food. 

Big deal on the decor, the inside looks like an over the top gaudy and old fashioned ethnic restaurant. My husband and I would have rather eaten at a fast food (forbidden for us) restaurant! 

Lamb was a cheaply cut, marinated in water and pounded to separate the grizzle. A measly 4 1 inch pieces that aren't even 1 inch solid chucks of meat. 
Seriously, I can cook Persian food MUCH better.  The plate made the portions look large.  

The service was fast but the portions misleading and a TOTAL ripp off.

The waiter never checked on us. 

And how do you eat chunks of raw onion wuth basil and bread? Who wants to be around someone after eating raw onions--GROSS! 

I would give this zero stars but the yogurt dip was the only good thing.

PS: Groupon sucks for carrying this crap
went here with a friend- the food was exceptionally mediocre. I am not sure who is giving the 5 stars, since it was over priced and quality was just ok. Need to have Persian food in LA to know how good it can get.
I am probably biased when I review Persian Room. We've always gone in a large group and the service is usually incredibly slow (not sure by chance or purely because of service). The food is hit and miss.. the portions are pretty sizeable. I wouldn't call it the greatest place for vegetarians.. Those food options are not good.

My favorites: 
1. Persian room appetizer platter: Combination of dolmeh, hummus & eggplant, yogurt & cucumber dip, and torshi.
2. Chicken Barg
3. Chicken Kebab
I forgot how awesome this place is. I used to come for lunch with vendors back in the day, and made a last minute decision to book reservations for NYE. The place was absolutely packed, but we got our table about 10 minutes after our scheduled reservation which wasn't bad. My crew of people were loving the food, and we were completely stuffed. We had food to bring home and it was just as good the next day! Love this place and can't wait to go back!!
Absolutely the BEST persian restaurant in Arizona. 

I'm persian and from Los Angeles, I know good persian food. This is definitely GOOD PERSIAN FOOD.

Also, the restaurant itself is very beautiful.
Wonderful experience, a little pricey.
Sultani was amazing .. We came here Saturday night for dinner and food was amazing , but it was super busy and quite abit of wait but well worth it .
I love this place for both food and atmosphere.  It's a great place to share dishes with friends.  The servings are generous so everyone can get a taste of something different.
This place is amazing.... Everything we had from alcohol n apps to desert was tender, fresh, and delicious! I had the #16, we all shared the combination appetizer, and had baklava and the Persian pastry ... So good! The chicken and baklava were my two favorites but it was all really good. I will be back for sure. Great service, great atmosphere, and great food!
Yum. My dad got a gift card and took us. Lucky us. We split a bunch of stuff and had a ton of leftovers. I would recommend the beef koobideh. Cooked perfectly. They bring out pita bread and a plate with onions, butter, and basil and I'm not quite sure what to do with it.
Long over due review. I moved to AZ from LA two years ago my  girlfreind  introduced me to this place and I have been hooked ever since!! It's up there with the best Persian restaurants in LA!! And the best part... they are always  consistent with the food quality!!!
Yum yum yum !!! This place rocks, so fresh and delicious totally satisfies!! The Jumna is perfect not to thick and seasoned just right, the iced tea is nice and dark very fresh tasting.  The pita is a bit on the thicker chewy side but still good.  I had the chicken & beef combo so Delish !!! I'll deff be back.  My waiter was very courteous
Usually great service. The only thing I will order is the chicken barg with the rice that has dates and lentils in it, but that's only because  I love that dish so much. 

The hummus is great. The only downside is the fresh pita is only made after 5 sometimes after 530, otherwise the pita is not as good. 

 Nice, calm atmosphere. Not the type of place to go if you're looking for a fun dinner. Perfect for families or small gatherings that want to enjoy a conversation over a meal.
Honestly, the best Middle Eastern restaurant in Arizona. Patron this place once every couple of months and often in large groups for get togethers.

Chicken and beef kubideh is amazing, combination platters for 2 will be enough food for 3-4. Get an appetizer platter, it's so delicious and very healthy. Two varieties of Hummus and they are both good, dolma really melts in your mouth, and the bread is so fresh. Oh, and the beef strips are AMAZING.

Waiters are always pleasant and helpful.
As Arnold says, "I'll be back." Great experience culturally and an adventure for my taste buds. Portions are ginormous. Got the chicken and Mahi combo for two. Fulfilling  for dinner and enough for leftovers. Service was good and food was piping hot off the grill. Seasoning was special and on point. Next time I need to leave room to try dessert.
I was extremely underwhelmed.

The decor fit a higher end Persian restaurant and the service was average. I am not normally a fan of basil but the basil and onion with their homemade bread was good.

We started off with the hoummos and eggplant but they messed the order up! As the entre, we ordered the Tour of Persia and a large Greek salad with a skewer of chicken. The portions were good but it all went down hill from here. The rice was undercooked to the point that it frequently got stuck in my teeth. The chicken was undercooked,  as well,  but was seasoned well. The salad was extremely poorly cut and was difficult to eat because of that. 

Then at the very end they kept both appetizers on the bill, even though we only ate one! 

I had heard a lot of good things about this place but I won't be coming back anytime soon.
Awesome Persian food. Probably the best I've had in a long time. I'm not Persian but I'm intimately familiar with the culture, food, and speak the language.  

You know this place is a good Persian place when you can order tadhig as an appetizer. That's clue number one. 

Clue number two is the inordinate amount of Persians speaking fluently in Farsi while eating. 

Clue number three is the owner, also Persian, at the front greeting people. 

The food itself was amazing. Great rice, perfect amount of saffron, etc. 

We had the barg kabab and koobideh. Both were worth it. 

Highly recommend this place.
We love the Persian Room for special dinners, birthdays, valentines day, etc.  it does not disappoint and we have been eating here for at least 8 years.  The food is awesome both in portion size and quality.  Most recently, our chicken was so moist and flavorful that it was the star of the meal.  The freshly baked pita is always wonderful but the real accolades should be given to the special rice.  The barberry rice is splendid, the cherry rice exotic and flavorful, the dill and bean rice very light and delicious.

I am gluten free and most things on the menu can work for me.

The only reservation I have and wish I could have awarded four and one half stars was that our waitress was a little too intrusive.  We know she was striving to be friendly and do her job well, but she was just a little too chatty and we we would have preferred it if she left us to ourselves a bit more.  This is an anomaly, in our experience, however, and may be due to the fact that we were early diners and she had nowhere else to focus her energies.

The dining room is very beautiful, don't miss the ceiling and the fountain.  We have never been upstairs but that is probably very luxurious as well.  

Prices are very good and value for money on portion size.  We always take home enough for at least one additional meal.
I love taking visitors here because the decor Is beautiful and the food is delicious. It's a bit pricey so it's not something I'll eat too often, but it is well worth the visit. The yogurt and cucumber appetizer is delish as is the hummus. The bread is amazing! Try not too get too full off of it before the main meal because the food comes in big portions. Their lamb dishes are one of my faves. But I usually get one of the combo plates to share with a friend and to try a bit of everything. Would def recommend!
I have been returning to this restaurant for a littler over 10 years.  The quality is excellent and the food taste is consistent. Waiting staff is attentive and prompt enough.  The portions are large and one dish can be easily split for 2 people, or have enough for doggie-bag for another feast.

The noise level is rather loud, but then there are multitude of diners especially during meal rush hours. This is not a place for impressing someone for the first meeting. The establishment is perfect for family style dining and large group banquets. 

They actually make their own pita bread on the spot and the taste is phenomenal. My favorite is either Chicken & Fillet Sultanni, or Rack of Lamb. I do like to finish off my meal with their Turkish Coffee and it too is excellent.

Price is on the higher side, but the value couldn't be better.
We had an interesting experience at the Persian room... The wife and I took our two kids who are adventurous eaters, not picky by any means, and I would say it was a "good enough" experience.

Upon being seated, we were presented with the free appetizer of naan, basil, butter and white onion.  Not being familiar we had to ask our server what to do... He kindly shared the process and we found that to be the most delicious part of our meal. All the diners loved the naan burrito.

We moved on to the entre and we found that the simple dishes were the most delicious. Again, on the server's recommendation, I had the chicken kebabs.  The chicken was moist, the basmati rice was perfect. The wife had the appetizer platter for her entre, and she really only enjoyed the dolmeh.  Our children are full-on carnivores but they did not enjoy their ground beef kebabs (Koobideh).  Being the father, of course I took some bites and I also didn't enjoy the taste of the ground beef kebabs.

I would say to keep it simple and order what you know, and you'll be happily surprised with your experience.
Been here multiple times with friends, family, and date night with the hubby.  YUMMY.  The ambiance is definitely different, feels like you are not in Scottsdale anymore for sure.  We have always been seated downstairs, which is basically a very large room with intricate decorations.  I am obsessed with the bread that comes automatically, delicious bread with toppings (onion, basil, butter) - you just put all that on top and eat it.  SOO good.  I also love the Tahdig (crispy crusty rice with toppings) and the Yogurt and garlic dip.  Delicious and a traditional Persian delicacy.  I only gave four starts because the entrees I've ordered have been average to above average and mostly remind me of other mediterranean restaurants I've been to all throughout the United States.  I've had the Loobia Polo & Koobideh and my husband gets the Chicken Barg.  Both are pretty good, and the meat is of very good quality and taste great, just nothing super special or different.  Regardless, we've always been super satisfied and had great service so I would definitely recommend, especially for those adventurous (but not too adventurous) eaters looking to try different types of cuisine.
A feast can certainly be had at the Persian Room. It's perfect for a large groups, the portions are huge! I think this was first Persian food experience and this spot was highly recommended by a Persian buddy. I was pleasantly surprised by the the complimentary lavosh (spelling?) bread served with basil, parsley, white onion and butter. Basically pile it on the bread, roll
It up and enjoy! We also ordered the hummus with eggplant, Delish! Next we ordered Tahdeek with two toppings I can't recall. The kabob platter with lamb, chicken and koobideh was equally tasty and plenty for three people. The shirazi salad was a refreshing side too. The entire meal was beyond satisfying. Our server Jason was wonderful and he kept the tea coming all night long. Looking forward to a return visit to try the Mahi Mahi!
The kubideh platter was amazing. The meat was tender and juicy. Service was great and they were really friendly. Dish was $15 but so worth it. Would come again!
The service really was unacceptable. Persian food tastes better than this people. Please don't let this be a representation of how it is suppose to be. 
The first onion was dirty. The third time, it was rotten inside. My family will not return here again.
Crowded for lunch, and that was good to see.  Free appetizers of fresh pita bread, white sweet onion, and basil and cilantro and butter is incredible. I had Beef Gyros, and my wife ordered Koobidah, which was very tasty. Service was good, ambiance good, and I look forward to going for dinner in the very near future.
My boyfriend and I came here for our anniversary lunch date and fell in love with it right away! The design in this restaurant is breathtaking! We ordered hummus and the yogurt dip and it was addicting! Our main courses were the chicken kabob plate and the beef kabob plate. The portions are HUGE so I suggest sharing with someone. It took awhile for the bread to come out but I understand because it was freshly getting baked. Our waiter had a very blank personality and rarely checked up on us. Overall I would come back because simply their food is amazing!
What a great choice for review #700!! The Persian Room really impressed me when I went with a group for the April ISCUYE. This place has a really cool atmosphere and a ton of exotic looking dcor. There was so much to look at. It was a just the right balance of classy and homey. I think they really put an effort into incorporating some culture without making it cheesy.

I had read plenty of the reviews before hand so I had to order the Eggplant hummus. It was every bit as good as my fellow Yelpers claimed. The eggplant was not a strong flavor so the hubby was willing to eat it. If anything I think it just gave it a nice smooth texture. Anyway, it was really, really good. I also wanted to try the cucumber salad which was exactly what is described in the menu: unpeeled cucumbers, diced tomatoes and a simple lemon and olive oil dressing. This was excellent as well... just the type of salad I would make at home. All the reviewers mentioned that the meal portions are huge and they were not kidding. But I wanted to get a salad anyway because I noticed none of the entrees are served with any vegetables. They are all just the meat with A TON of rice. So, basically what I would recommend is order the hummus or other dip as an appetizer, a salad, and one entre and then that is the perfect amount of food for two people or maybe even 3 people.

Unfortunately hubby did not want to share so he ordered #31 Sultani. This is a combination of the filet mignon kabob (Barg) and the ground beef kabob (Koobideh). The Barg was absolutely amazing. An extremely tender and flavorful cut of beef! I didn't try the Koobideh but he said it was pretty good too. I ordered the #36 Lamb Shanks and it was delicious as well. I was too full already by that point to eat much of it but I did really enjoy the meat. The shank is usually the toughest part but this was braised so perfectly that it was fall-of-the-bone tender. They gave me two bones and they were both huge! I suspect that it was actually mutton, lol! But it was seriously very tender and delicious. The rice it came with had fava beans and some other spices in it but to be honest I found that it tasted bland and pretty much the same as everyone else's rice. I think they should really serve less of it since no one at the table finished their rice.

Overall a great experience. The service was also fantastic. In spite of the fact that our waitress could not describe for us what precisely the borders of the former Persian Empire were, everyone was very knowledgeable on the menu and helped us make some great choices since everything we ate was really enjoyable.
We've been meaning to go here for a while and finally stopped in for dinner.  We had a very nice experience: great food, very good service and quite reasonable prices.  

For some reason, I had been under the impression that this was an expensive restaurant and it's not at all.  Portions are ginormous.  We shared a Tahdig and a single entree of lamb shank (which included 2 enormous lamb shanks for $20) and we took half of our food home, all for less than 50 bucks with a tip.

Highly recommended.
Worth trying
Had the lamb shish kabab.  It was fair.  Not seasoned very well and the lamb was marinated too long, poor texture. The cherry rice was good and the service excellent.
We tried the Persian tour plate for three it had fillet mignon kebab, a mixture of ground beef minced onions and seasonings a mixture of ground beef kebab and a Cornish hen kebab. We also had the Persian room appetizer platter. The hummus was wonderful, it had a Suszycki type of yogurt and wonderful stuffed grape leaves! All of the different flavors were very fresh and unique! We will definitely be going back
I don't know why I don't come here more often.  They have a pretty good deal for happy hour.  Our last visit was for our International Super Club night.  I ended up coveting the dishes around me.  My hubby had the fesenjan, and it was really good.  He called it a persian mole.  Monica had a grilled chicken dish that looked delicious.  The tahdig was so yummy with all the hummus and baba ganoush.  I think their happy hour is until 8p.m. and they offer specials upstair on their drinks and appetizers.  I guess I need to make another trip to the Persian Room very soon.
The Persian Room was the place picked for April's International Supper Club UYE (#ISCUYE) and I have to say this place was amazing! After checking in with the hostess we were shown to our table, which was upstairs next to the bar, we were a party of 16 and we didn't take up all the room. Pretty nice sized place, plus when checking in the party before us was also another huge party of 13, so the Persian Room for sure can handle larger dinner parties, if looking for a place to take a group.

Service is impeccable, Sultan and our servers took care of our table, every need was met, every drink refilled, you can tell they take pride in service here.

1st brought out to the table was small plates with half an white onion sliced, fresh mint, basil , butter on it  and bread (pita) and I can honestly tell you, it was amazing, everything blended well together, and since I wasn't kissing anyone that night bring on the onions I say haha. 

Everything on the menu looks heavenly but for this trip I went with the Chicken Shish, thick chunks of marinated chicken breast grilled with bell peppers, onions and tomatoes and basmati rice.   The chicken was grilled perfectly, it was tender, juicy and full of flavor added with the peppers & onions and grilled tomatoes, this was outstanding, I ate it all! It was soo good!  But fair warning, portions are huge.   

I truly enjoyed the company of everyone, the food and the service,  I have to say personally this was one of my favorite ISCUYE's to date, and will be coming back often to try everything on the menu.
Persian room is excellent!  I love going here!  Their saffron rice is excellent.  I have had variations of the lamb, chicken and beef--all very tasty!  I have never had a bad meal at Persian Room.  The atmosphere is elegant.
Thankfully, the Persian Room has met my expectations successfully, and proved to be a good representative for a Persian/Iranian Restaurant in the west. I recommend this restaurant for many reasons, one of them; they are sticking with the same kind of food in I.R. Iran and you would enjoy the seasons on it without any kind of spices and the service there are very friendly and they would be more than welcome if you asked them about their culture. However, the restaurant is a little bit pricey so you better go to it when you are hungry to exploit every penny you throw there.
Ah-mazing!!!! First time eating Iranian food and definitely won't be the last :) The bread with herbs was amazing. We got a platter with chicken, filet and ground beef...the portions were HUGE. Definitely more for three people. Drinks were mediocre but strong. Will definitely be back again soon!
Not sure if this has changed hands, but the gyro I got had minimal meet at best. Big dissatisfaction. Won't be back
April 2014 International Supper Club UYE (#ISCUYE) met here for dinner.  This was the anniversary of Monica O and I organizing the Yelp PHX International Supper Club and I'm so happy that we come here.  


AFter a couple  of minutes, we were greeted at the front door and seated at an upstairs table - conveniently located next to the bar.  Kudos to the Persian Room for being THE restaurant with the BEST and most ATTENTIVE service in the 13 months that our group has been meeting.  We usually have from about 15- 30 people to attend.  IN this case, we were some place in the middle.  A large group that was waited on by 3 very attentive people.  I liked this - A LOT.  3 people helped to make things go more smoothly and efficiently. I can't say enough about how happy I was with the quality of their service.  In addition to our large party, there was another large birthday party in the downstairs dining room that was being seated at the time that we were being seated.  This is an awesome place for a large party.

Their happy hour lasts until about 7 or 7:30(Insanely late), so I am pretty sure that most of us ordered more than expected because all of their appetizers are half price during the happy hour.  I ordered a very delicious Chicken eggplant borani as my appetizer and shared it with the table.  Several others ordered appetizers and shared too.  My favorite was the Yogurt and Garlic Dip.  YIKES.  That stuff was great.  Becca H ordered that and she was sitting right beside me.  I felt like a little kid sneaking someone's food.  I just kept dipping in her Yogurt/Garlic Dip.  (LOL - TWSS).

I ordered a small side salad for my main course since the Chicken Eggplant Borani was enough to feed an army.  The side salad was just fine.  

This also happened to be 2nd least expensive #ISCUYE!  I was happy with that.

My return factor for this place is 90%.
One of our favorite restaurants. Used to always order the #16 but since I don't eat chicken anymore I order the Mahi Mahi. Delicious! I'm not a big rice fan but I love their basmati/Jasmine goodness. Heck, my favorite thing about the place is probably the warm, freshly baked bread, butter, basil and onion combo. Perfect. On the pricey side but there's always leftovers! Warning: your fridge will smell funky but the food tastes just as good if not better the next day.
i have been visiting this restaurant since i moved to AZ. it was very delicious at first, but the quality started to drop down a lot with time. lately, they were always been serving me an almost frozen food especially lamb shank. lightly warmed up, and very cold from inside. 
i was very disappointed and frustrated. also, what really bugged me was that i talked to the manager about this issue and i proved that to him, but he did not show any type of courtesy such as 10-15% off for their low quality food. NOT EVEN A SMALL DISH of desserts.
An amazing restaurant, great atmosphere, great service, and great food. It's a faviourt when taking clients out for lunch.
Love the Persian Room. Excellent appetizers and they make their pita fresh in the dining room.  The fresh basil, butter and onion they serve with their pita is delicious. Great service!
Best Kabobs on Planet Phoenix!  Great classy establishment with a super fresh pita and the best meats around!
Food was great, but HORRIBLE service!
Walked in the door, I wasn't even acknowledged for the first 5 minutes. Hostess was on the phone. Didn't even say "hi" or "be with you in a minute" I just stood there until 1 of the waiters finally sat me down.  I'm not gonna get into details. Just work on your service.
Service was great and server was informative. The bread is amazing. 

Portions are huge and the filet and chicken dish with the basmati rice was fantastic. 

We had a party of four and everyone loved their dish. 

Very surprising interior based on the exterior. 

I can't wait to go back.
This place BLEW MY SOCKS OFF!  Better than I anticipated.
Food was excellent, the service was great and the value is certainly there.  Solid place and our server Jamie (server #458) was great!
VEGETARIAN DISH is tasty.

We only get the Persian Room Appetizer Platter (Combination of dolmeh, hummus & eggplant, yogurt & cucumber dip, and torshi) WITHOUT the yogurt.

It is very tasty and a nice meal for two.
Holy Moly this place is good... My only advice is to order a dish to split and maybe and appetizer. The portions are huge. Service is wonderful. Seating area is beautiful and the fresh baked bread is unbelievable.
Chicken shish kebab, eggplant borani, hummus, zeresh polo, lamb shanks, Persian ice cream. This place has good food and generous servings.
Best place to eat in AZ
The best Persian food in Arizona. Only a home cooked meal by an Iranian might beat it. You can never go wrong with the beef or lamb kabob and the service is always spot on. If you are new to persian food, don't be shy when it comes to questions. The wait staff is very knowledgeable and eager to offer menu suggestions.
When I think of delicious and filling comfort food, Persian Room is one of the first places that comes to mind. I have eaten here many times over the years and the experience has never been anything but exceptional. It's not cheap but not overall expensive and the portions served are enough for multiple meals.

I have had many different dishes but. A few of my favorites are:

1. The hummus and eggplant appetizer served withy their fresh made delicious flag bread.

2. Beef koobideh. My wife loves the chicken but I prefer the beef. It's a long piece of seasoned ground beef. Sounds boring but is absolutely amazing. I actually like it more then the filet skewer. Totally savory and mouth watering.

3. The chicken barg. Simple dish but they manage to make chicken breast juicy, flavorful, and perfect. I don't often order chicken at restaurants but I crave this stuff.

The nice part about this place is you can order combos of pretty much anything. Again, the portions are huge so we always end up having leftovers. 

Makes my mouth water just thinking about it...
Great food! Large portions and awesome service! Out waiter was the best. He filled up my water cup before it was empty. My first time but won't be my last.
Great Persian food. Be prepared to be totally satisfied!
Very good Israeli restaurant right down the street from ASU.  It is a casual family-run place where you will find the usual suspects of Middle Eastern fare.  Excellent, cheap, and very large chicken shawarma sandwiches.  The combo plate is also noteworthy.  Really good falafel and I love their hummus.  The lentil soup is also stellar.  This is a no-brainer for lunch if you are in Tempe.  The service is fast and friendly.
We've been going to Sabuddy (they tell us it's pronounced "suh-BUDdy") for several years, and the place has definitely kept its hometown charm, even as its popularity has increased -- as, necessarily, have its prices, to meet demand. It's still gives you some of the best bang for your buck in town -- some of the best-tasting food, as well as generous quantities of it! The servers are usually pretty friendly, and they will give you recommendations to your taste. We can never eat it all, and always box it up for have delicious leftovers the next day. It beats pizza, burgers, and your usual fare for flavor and healthfulness to be sure!
I understand that the Tempe location has since closed but I visited the Scottsdale location on Shea and Scottsdale Rd.  I had the Schnitzel and it was very tasty and all of the food was very well prepared.  The dish included a stew, rice, Pita bread and a dollop of hummus.  Including drink the meal was about 10-11 dollars plus tip which seemed reasonable.   Next time, I'll try either the falaffel or shawarma but I definitely think there will be a next time.

Tell 'em "benny" sent ya!
I was visiting from out of town in March 2006 and my coworkers took me here. I had never had Israeli food although I love good Mediterranean cuisine. This place was inexpensive and had a lot of flavorful and distinct items on their menu. Reading a previous review, apparently it has closed down. I guess I'll have to visit the Scottsdale location if I end up going to Phoenix again.
Labne, Jersulam meatballs are tastey.  I tried the chicken with gravy dish(forgot the name), it was the special of the day.  Ask the waiting staff for the specials.  

The place is comfortable, has a relaxed feeling, and full of spicy aroma. We took our portions home for the prize we paid. Lentil Stew/soup is awesome. Worth visiting again with your friends. I like this restaurant.
Take it from an ex- waitress at this hot spot. Its still worth the drive, even up in Scottsdale. The shawarma was always very popular, but I prefer the grilled chicken pita.
Lindsay's special vegan friendly recipe? Order the lentil soup (more of a stew) and an order of the best hummus in the valley. Add a squeeze of lemon to the lentil soup. Take your pita and dip it in the hummus and then straight into the lentil soup. Its amazing. Something about the creamy hummus with the lentils and bits of lemon... delicious!
I used to love coming here for hookah and hanging out with friends. But the ASU frat boys found out about it and the place but isn't what it used to be. The foods gotten really bad too.
King Tut's is both my scene and not my scene. Moving out here from New York, I was thrilled to find hookah places, and also one that was open late with floor seating in private booths and decent Egyptian food at good prices. The atmosphere is definitely a bit run-down in a good way, and the waiters are pretty on point, especially in dealing with such a huge crowd. 

But that crowd is the other thing. I was shocked to find that the hookah scene was primarily filled with frat boys and sorority girls. It still perplexes me how this crowd, many of whom seem completely uninterested in world culture, has made this place their home. Fine for them, but if you're not in that scene or an ASU student, be prepared to feel like you've just gone to Psi Delta Psi or whatever for their hookah-themed party where everyone knows everyone else.  King Tut's knows who their target audience is, and I always am annoyed when they turn off the loud Middle Eastern music for the latest hip-hop. It just makes it seem more like a frat party. I love a party vibe, but I also feel out of my element.
I'll admit it. I have a soft spot for places where I can sit on a raised platform, recline on some pillows and pretend I'm the caterpillar from Alice in Wonderland.  No. It's pretty unlikely that the people here will be "your people"  whoever you are, and whatever you're into.  I'm thinking this isn't a place to make friends, it's a place to take friends.  Friends who enjoy gigantic water pipes with hose attachments so you can enjoy some exotic cancer causing treats.

Mr. T ordered the first round, with Rose and Lavender.  This was my first time at a Hookah bar, or as I call it, wrestling with the 2 armed octopus.  Apparently it's not that hard, you suck on the end of the hose where the hole is.  Although, if the person tending the other hose isn't either actively sucking or blocking the hole some other way, the pipe won't draw and you'll be stuck with a lung full of stale, non smokey air.  And seriously, if you wanted that, you could have just stayed at home and locked yourself in the hall closet.

So, keep an eye on your hookah mates and make sure they've got their hole plugged or a hose in their mouth.  Otherwise nobody is gonna enjoy the Sheesha.  After we were done with the first round, which honestly felt a bit like smoking those fancy decorative soaps at your friend's grandmother's house.  You know the ones? The little roses and sea shells and what not?  Yeah, the ones you got in trouble for actually using when there was a perfectly good bottle of foam for you to pump?  The ones that it was only later pointed out were for decorative purposes?  Yeah, well imagine the strong rose and lavender scents wafting off those soaps mixing with grandpa's pipe smoke which crept in through the bathroom vents to say hello and you have a pretty good idea of what that first round of Sheesha was like.

Anyways, after the soap round  - We decided to try grape next which was mellow and neutral and didn't really remind me of anything.  I mean, it was good.  But it was good by virtue of not being bad.  

All in all it was an interesting experience.  The place was fine, I didn't try any food but I might next time.  I was neither impressed nor unimpressed with the Hookah portion of the evening.  I mean, it was no opium den, but it still had it's own thing going and I can appreciate that on a few levels.
This place is pretty trashy, I'd rather smoke my hookah at home.
I freakin' love this place!!

Reading the other reviews it makes me laugh because well... i guess I AM their target audience!! 

I have taken quite a few of my friends to this spot and it's always good fun. The music is a little loud for my taste and it's weird when u get a good vibe going and are challenging your friends to a smoke-ring-off and then all of a sudden you're puffing away to gangsta rap! it's like... HUH? When did Biggie walk though the door?? 

But whatev', u just keep getting ur caterpillar from Alice in Wonderland on and talk with your friends. But it's real what someone else said... u totally don't make friends there! It's hard when everyone's stoned and or trying to hook up with one another. But word on the people watching, for REAL!! 

As far as the seeshas go, I dig the mixed fruit and the apple flavors. It's pretty awesome. I love the taste and flavor and the fact that it's a LOT smoother than cigarettes. 

If you do decide to go, try some of the food... you might be surprised. Bring your ID cuz these ppl card! Take some friends and cover the hose when ur not smoking... its just polite! :P
I MUST talk about the food at this place!!

Okay, it was only recently that I decided to really try their food. and it was soo yummy! One time, I had a gyro and a seesh thoola (is that spelled right?) The second sandwich was a grilled chicken dish wrapped in a pita. it was so good! Their olive oil is quite good. The gyro was good too - a little greasy for my liking, but still yummy. 

Another time I went - i went with a couple of friends and we brought it down! We had a kebab combination. My friend had just a chicken kebab and I had a lamb kebab and the sheeh thoola combo and my other friend had just the lamb. It came with salad and hummus and pita as well as our entrees and rice and this one side dish of feta cheese, tomatos and i think sage? I didn't get to eat it because my friend ate it all! damn her! 

The hummus and pita was DELICOUS! and the rice was amazing. The kebabs were a little dry - I gotta admit but everything was good. I was really surprised. I thought it wasn't going to be that great. I wish we sat at a table becuase eating in their lil booths with just pillows on the floor was not very easy. We all got leg cramps that night. 

But seriously - the service is SHIT! There's this guy who is their waiter - if you're not a FEMALE under 25 and WHITE and BLONDE and a size ZERO and have HUGE tits... he does NOT give a shit about you! and that's REAL! I am SO not lying!! I've have been to this establishment atleast a dozen times and everytime - the story's the same. We go up and order our hookah... this employee takes the order is seems rather pissed to do so. I give him my ID and credit card and sit down with a couple of menus.

SEVERAL minutes later, our hooka comes and then we order our drinks and another quarter hour later our drinks come and then he seems CRAZY annoyed that we actually want food. I never care and just order anyway. There's been a couple of times when my friends wanted to eat somewhere else because of this guy's attitude. We order anyway. He reluctantly takes our order. We sit and wait... and wait... and wait... I search the room for him and there he is... standing over some girl's clevage as she giggles and twirls her hair. and FINALLY (one time 40 minutes later) we get our food. a-hole supreme usually plops our plates down and gives us more coles and is GONE. We never get refils on our drinks unless we beg another employee who seems like he's 15 years old.

When we're done - we flag him over from yet another table where he's now hovering over a different cleavage since cleavage number 1 has left. and he clears the tables and leaves us yet again. Until we're done smoking and then finally go to the register to pay. When i think about it... the service really does suck! but the food is so good and so is the hookah. I've come close to telling off the waiter of the year - but the tobacco and food always calm me down. :P
Thinking back on this place, I was swarmed with how many times and fairly significant experiences I have had here.  Instead of stories I'll just throw some facts at you:

Tut's has the best hummus in all of AZ.  Try it and tell me it's not true.  They give you more pitas than most places and it is pretty darn cheap.  The Phoenician is the only other passable hummus competitor.

The people here are much more friendly and varied than at Oasis.  It reminds me a bit of a drama club room mixed with a Psych 101 class at ASU.

They started playing hip-hop at some point and I don't know if it has stopped yet.  Perhaps only on weekends.  It's off-putting.

I have been told many times that Tut's hookah is not as good as others, but then I've also been told that Red Sea has the best and no one wants to go there.  I don't notice any difference and I doubt most people do.

Get some hummus to go and your day will be brighter.  Particularly if you live in that area because it is kind've a downer.  Maybe sneak it into Plaid so you won't have to eat their god-awful food and can still have a beer.
Most of the other reviews said it but I'll toss mine in to confirm.  Geoff O. hit the nail on the head.  The food is good, the hookah is average - above average, the interior is nice, the service is good, and the crowd is absolutely atrocious.  The place is consistently packed with morons from various ASU frats and sororities.  They used to play great middle-eastern music, but changed to shitty rap by popular demand.  

I have never been there on a Friday or Saturday night where some idiot frat guy didn't walk in and go "awww dude, we should totally put weed in these!!"  

If you enjoy good hookah and good food, you have to go no further than across the street from Tuts to Urban Cafe.  All the good points of Tuts without the awful crowd.  

PS:  If you are a frat guy with a spray tan and a popped collar on a pink polo shirt, please stay at Tuts.  I'll be across the street at Urban and we can just respectfully loathe each other from afar.
King Tut's is the very first place that I ever smoked hookah. Unfortunately, there were a lot of negative changes that have happened to Tut's since 2002. I remember once going to Tut's and the clientele was a perfect mix of Middle Eastern and non-Middle Eastern. The music back then was ONLY traditional Arabic music. Yes the furniture and stage wasn't as nice but it was more traditional. But now, King Tut's clientele is mostly college kids; some that are respectable and some that fit the "I'm a Big Douche at the Scottsdale Bar" scene. What disappointed me the most was hearing Afroman's most famous song being played in their system.  That was it for me.  I would give Tut's a lower rating but I have so many fond memories of this place.  I'm hoping to go back there sometime and have it be like it was before, a traditional, respectable, hookah cafe...  if anything, at least their food has stayed consistently great over the years.
this is one of my favorite places to go for a good time!! Best hookah place in town! GO GO GO!!
This is the first time I've been "out" for hookah, and I must say I was pretty impressed with King Tut's. I've driven pass this place hundreds of times and I always thought it was a little sketchy, but once inside the place looks pretty chill & homey. Me and my friend were quickly greeted and had a seat in the front floor area while we waited for our two other friends to join us. We got started with hookah, some water, and some hummus. Now I'm no expert on hookah, but what we had was pretty good. We had a tangerine thingy....and later one we had an exotic one with pineapple, delish. 

It was pretty hoppin' while we were in, and they had rain to deal with on the patio, but our server was attentive and took good care of us. I would definitely visit again.
King Tuts has it's pros and cons, just like every other Hookah Bar. It's pretty good shisha (if you get the StarBuzz as opposed the the regular tobacco), and the employees are super friendly and willing to help you if you need anything. Pricing is moderate, but worth it. Downside is the seating. It's difficult to find a good spot if you have more than 5 people. Also, it takes a little while to get your Hookah brought to you. But over all it's a fun time and I would recommend it!
We've been coming here for years now. It's had it's ups and downs but it's always been the best hookah in Phoenix. The prices are great, the hookahs are always great, and they are always trying to improve the experience. The food is great- get the chicken shawerma or the hummus. Dave, Tim, Fafani, and Sol are awesome so treat them well :)
Don't be fooled by the generic-sounding name, King Tut's has been the perfect place to relax over hookah with friends. I love this hookah bar; it's been the perfect place to relax after a long week. We always end up staying longer here than I mean to, because of the relaxing atmosphere and friendly staff. I wish it wasn't so far from my house, or else I'd be a regular here. I didn't try the food, though, this rating is solely for the quality of the hookah lounge.
I have been coming here for a very long time and live it. We've tried other hookah bars around tempe but have left wondering why we strayed from Tuts. The service is great (and has consistently gotten better) and the food is wonderful. If you want a great place to relax and talk/do homework (free wifi!)/just chill this is it.
Great spot for Egyptian Middle Eastern Atmosphere, excellent home cooked buffet during Ramadan, really makes me feel at home!
Good prices, great hookahs, good food! A very chill place to hang out with friends. Also free wifi
I've been coming to Tut's for at least 7 years now. Very little bad I have to say about it. Hookah and drinks always come out in a timely manner and the staff is always quite attentive. They'll make sure you get fresh coals and a new bowl if your hookah needs it. 

And I absolutely love the upper seating area. The only place in the valley where you'll see me excited to sit on the floor. Get yourself a hookah, some arabic coffee, a nice corner with some friends you'll be set.

They have some screens that they show sports and stuff on and they play music (mostly pop, some middle eastern) but if you're friends you probably won't be paying much attention to it.

The only food I've ever had was the grape leaves. It was OK. Seemed like it had been sitting around for a while and I didn't like that it came out with yogurt sauce as I am vegan. It's the only place I've ever seen this done and I've eaten my share of grape leaves.

Admittedly, I haven't been to many hookah bars, but Tut's is so great I don't see why I'd go anywhere else. Don't fix something if it ain't broken.

Oh, and free wifi. Just saying.
Definitely have good prices for the quality of hookah!

The location is great, close to ASU. 

I come here to study and sit outside when the weather permits. They have round table outside and is perfect for study group sessions. I love how its just a relaxing environment and the staff are super nice!

Their food selection is good too! I love their chicken hummus and their appetizers like chicken fingers, mozzarella sticks, and wings are also yummy!
I really loved the hummus and pita bread. I am big fan of mediterranean and make sure I try it every place I go to. This is my all time favourite. It was made so fresh and served so well. The hookah was smooth and non-ashy. Definitely worth the money! Not too costly a place also.
This is my favorite place for hookah in Tempe. The service is awesome and the atmosphere is very relaxed. After being subjected to the absolutely atrocious service and scams at Hubby Bubbly, I appreciate the staff at King Tut's so much more.
There are a lot of hookah places in the neighborhood and I've tried the majority of them but always keep coming back here. Not because it's closest, but because it offers a fun cozy little atmosphere and a decent selection of food. Their service varies, but that's fine as so does their business traffic. It's the slow season now and I like to go over there when it's not busy and have a cup of their coffee and order from their extensive menu. I like that they have both American and Mediterranean food on their menu. Like one day you could get a nice (oh that grill taste!) burger, and then the next day get a hummus tray. I haven't tried their sheesha because I have my own hookah at home, but I've heard from friends that have been there that it's good and they prefer it over the food offerings, so it must be amazing. If you're in the area, you should definitely check it out. The only reason they aren't getting a 5-star is because it wouldn't hurt for them to play some music or something and be a little more consistent with their service.
This hookah lounge is just that, a lounge. It has very comfortable chairs and couches. There is a lot of room to spread out and get comfortable. This is a very important factor for Hookah lounges because you are smoking and trying to relax. 

Secondly, the staff is fantastic. They are very attentive. When you need coals they are right there asking you how the hookah is and if the flavor is still prime. If you feel like talking they will sit down for a couple minutes and chat with you, but they are quick to get back to work. 

Thirdly, the prices are fantastic. They have food and drinks for sale at this lounge and the prices are unbeatable. The food is incredibly good as well. 

If you're looking for a cheap, relaxing, and fun hookah lounge to frequent, this is the one for you!
Small arrangement... very low music... these are some of the things i dislike about the place BUT customer service is great which makes up for the experience. And also they have good quality hookah.
Good flavors for hookah. All of my friends come here so I get dragged a long too. Service is fast and nice. The atmosphere is good and the seats are comfortable. For a good time, this is the place to be. If you are into smoking. Although, parking is limited during busy hours.
Fun hookah time, i didn't pay, so it was great.
Tasty Kabob is a must see on any Hookah bar tour. They serve food, coffee and alcoholic beverages for those of age. In addition, the Hookahs are top notch. Now on to the food! Ever had Saffron Rice or Chargrilled Steak, Chicken or Pork? Try any of the Kabob platters, very good!  Also they have the best Persian Ice Cream which is only one flavor....what is the flavor??....(its a secret, you will have to go there and find out!) Prices are moderate for a dinner for two, atmosphere is casual enough to be a great first date place (attention cheesy guys) and they are rarely busy so cosy dates can become sweet and innocent. 
For persian cuisine in the East Valley this place is a must.
My Phoenix friends took me here while I was visiting Arizona and I absolutely loved the food. Unsure if I was going to get a decent meal from a place with "kabob" in the name (I'm a vegetarian), I was pleasantly astounded to find that my vegetarian meal was one of the best and tastiest I've ever had. My veggie kabob had been lovingly marinated and was roasted to perfection; this came served with the best basmati rice experience in my life. The breads served were likewise delicious.

I wouldn't say that the ambiance of Tasty Kabob is their strong point -- it's a large room with tables and feels more like a cafeteria. However, there are times when the food experience far outweights any extraneous circumstances and this one such example. Go for the food -- it is worth every penny.

Do check out the Middle Eastern grocery store across the street as well! They have a great selection of teas, pastries, and spices.
Raised in a Persian household, I know a good kabob when I eat one.

Tasty Kabob, while among the best Persian restaurants in Arizona, falls short of Famous Kabob in Sacramento and many Los Angeles joints. Still, it's better that any kabob I've had in New York, Chicago or London.

Still, if I have a hankerin for kabobs and rice, and don't feel like making them myself, Tasty Kabob does the trick.

If you go and have never tried Persian food, go with the kabob koobideh. Trust me.
Apparently Haji Baba isn't open on Sundays, so we decided to hit up Tasty Kabob instead of calling it off and heading home. The little parking lot in a strip mall off Apache was bustling with activity, so I hoped we would be able to score a table easier than we had tried for a parking spot. I don't like waiting for the first meal of the day. I turn into the reckapotamus from Hell, whose disposition is a combination between that of a pissed off hippopotamus and an icy cold imp from the underworld. 

But there wasn't a soul to be found enjoying a Tasty Kabob...it was a strange Twilight Zone of inactivity. Everyone and their mother was next door at Pita Jungle, but just because there are a lot of people there doesn't mean it's any good, just that they prefer to flock toward mediocrity, like sheep, or lemmings.

Halfway through the meal, I was thinking about flocking too. 

Although the hummus came with olives, chopped tomatoes and herbs, it was a bit bland overall. The pitas were warm and delicious though, and the combination of hummus and flat bread helped keep the reckapotamus banished to the depths. It was a generous portion for two, but I found myself munching on it just to pass the time until our lunches came, not because it was exceptionally well done.

So I wasn't ravenous when my meal arrived, but I was certainly looking forward to some good eats. Alas, the chicken schwarma pita sandwich delivered the same mediocre impression. The chicken was overly dry and not well seasoned, and again, the pita was the star of the dish. 

I didn't have the Persian ice cream this time, but I have in the past. It's fairly cheap and delicious, so if any of you out there are interested in trying a flavor that's certainly not of the 31 at Baskin Robbins, give it a whirl. I'm considering giving this place another star based on the ice cream alone...but I can't bring myself to. So consider it a 3.5 star experience overall.

I'm just glad the prices were reasonable for lunch, six or seven bucks for a sandwich. Otherwise, I might have felt a bit cheated. The ambiance was lacking as well, with generic cafeteria type seating (as stated before), and the service as attentive but awkward since we were the only people in there, so that leaves the food alone to shine. And the food isn't squeaking out any more stars from me.
Clearly one of the best Persian restaurants in AZ. The food is fresh and quite delicious. The prices are great too.
The owners are really nice too!
My friend Dean turned me on to Tasty Kabob.  Everything is great about this restaurant
This private little Persian eatery serves up some fresh, albeit traditional, fare along with a healthy dose of friendly service. The hummus was good full of nutty, lemony goodness but was overshadowed by the garlicky goodness of the eggplant dip. I called it baba-ghanouj but the owners insisted on eggplant dip. I sat at the bar and the service was prompt and polite except that the conversation was steered political by the owner, a direct violation of bar stool rules and a slight affront to myself ,a former barman. Who isn't talking politics these days? Any way, they did gouge me on a couple rum and cokes for my friend at $8 a pop. The beers were OK. This was strictly an AA meeting- alcohol and appetizers.  Next, we tried the grape leaves, a straight-forward staple at places like this. We finished up with some tabbouleh and the special pickles which were really good dipped in the hummus.  I will say we went on a Friday and it was dead, Pita Jungle was way busier in the same shopping center so the price range might be a little high for students. However the meeting went as planned and I left happy.  Check it out then head over to the hookah bar across the parking lot.
Decided to try this place out, when we got there we were the only occupied table, the service we got did not fit that situation. But, the three stars is more about the food than the service, if it was including the service it would be more like 2 stars. 

Started out with hummus and was disappointed by the very small portion.  Not even enough for 4 people to share more than one dip. 
Which seemed strange  when the rest of their portions were too large.
 
But the meals were pretty tasty. The rice portions are huge, and so were the sandwiches. My eggplant plate tasted better the next day as leftovers. 

The cheesecake slice was also large enough to share with everyone, mango was a nice flavor, but it was frozen at some parts which didn't appeal to me.
Seasoned well, but dry.  Take a kabob, go to Pita Jungle and drown it in tahini and taziki.  Now that's good inter-restaurant ideating.
Took Mom and myself here twice, and it's always empty save one or two tables, each with one or two patrons seated.  We tried the lamb kabobs, with veggies and rice, and hummus; We were not impressed.  The atmosphere/decor is nice and it's quiet, so it's a good place to take a date or friends and family if comfort, pretty setting, and the ability to hear each other are important.  

One delicious treat that should not be missed is the homemade pistachio and rosewater ice cream!!  My mother, a very picky eater and hard to please, speaks of this not-too-sweet sweet treat often.  I'm actually feeling guilty that I haven't brought her back here.  We'll give the food another go- if it's another miss, we can always have our entrees at nearby Pita Jungle or the wonderful Haji-Baba, and then head over here for the delicious ice cream (it comes with these cute and tasty sugar cookies that add a nice crunch to the treat)!
I have been coming to this place to fulfill my Persian cravings since I moved to Arizona. It is a bit pricey unless you go for lunch but one thing I can say is that it is worth it. The joojeh kabob (cornish hen) and the bargs (chicken and filet) are always very well marinated, tender, and never dry or tough. Each dish comes with a great helping of hot rice which I also love. The cucmber yogurt dip is a must. Love this place, worth the extra dollar if you want a great Persian treat for yourself.
Tasty Kabob is one of my all time favorites. This is a great place for veggie folks to get a wonderful meal when you are out with omnivores. You wouldn't think something as simple as some skewered veggies and basmati rice could be so amazing but IT IS. I even had my bridal shower here.. and my college graduation lunch.. I cant' recommend it highly enough.
The first thing I'll remark upon is that Tasty Kabob has the most fabulous saffron ice cream ever!  I have tried several types of different ice creams like green tea and nattou (fermented soy bean) and have gotten close to lobster ice cream (in Bar Harbor), but have never tried the delicious freshness of this nutty, flavorful treat.

I am not really fond of the name of this restaurant but it is what it is-- a tasty kabob.  And so, that's we ate.  At the start of our meal, we had some wonderful caffeine-free tea (chamomile, I believe), which was brought out in a steaming pot and was perfect.  Lovely for two girlfriends who hadn't seen each in three years and needed a good chat.  We shared a stuffed grape leaf appetizer and I must say that I have never been disappointed by them.  The tzatiki type sauce was yummy, too.  For dinner, my friend had the lamb kabob and I enjoyed the cornish hen kabob.  I was a little saddened that her lamb was a bit tough and that mine came as hen on the bone, but the dinners were cooked farely well.  They also came with generous portions of rice and salad.  As I was eating my hens, I incessantly dipped the meat into the tzatiki; they needed something more.

The waitress was very attentive and the decor was attractive.  Again, I think the name and the huge sign out front were a little corny, but good Middle Eastern food is hard to find and I think Tasty Kabob does a fine attempt at it.
I happened to stumble on this place because of yelp! You cant help but notice the hustle bustle at pita jungle and feel sorry for them when there is this amazing gem next door!

Fresh, Delicious Iranian Food! I have tried their koobideh, vegetarian sandwich, and some mezzes.
I highly recommend trying them out, and I cant wait to go back again, that koobideh is to KILL for :)
Please give this place a try when you're making your next stop at Pita Jungle. This restaurant seems to be very underrated and overlooked. We went on a Wednesday night around 7:30pm and it was empty while Pita Jungle was packed. Just the two of us on the patio, which was very nice. The interior and atmosphere are great. Nice tables & chairs, candles, shelves with wine bottles and art, and a very nice bar.

An Iranian family owns the restaurant and cooks everything themselves. That's the first sign of a high-quality establishment. They were incredibly nice to us and brought us whatever we needed. They gave us some good suggestions, like their Iced Black Tea, which is fantastic. It has a few other elements to it including Lavender. They brought us extra pita when we ordered some appetizers as well without us even asking.

For our appetizers, we tried the hummus and the tabooli. The hummus was very creamy but a little plain. We wished there was more flavor or spice to it. Not a big deal. That was the only part of our meal that was not 5 stars, but 4 stars. The tabooli....ridiculous. I've never been a fan of tabooli. It usually has too much parsley. But their version was balanced perfectly.

For an entree, I tried the Chicken Shawarma and we split a side of Basmati rice with saffron. A huge plate of rice with great seasoning. The saffron and olive oil gave the fluffy rice great texture. The Shawarma was fresh and delicious. The chicken was cooked and seasoned nicely.

For dessert, we tried the Persian vanilla ice cream with rose water and saffron as well as the Baghlava. The ice cream was some of the best we've had. Great flavor. The Baghlava was a great complement to the ice cream. A nice sweetness from the honey and the flaky dough was great.

So in summary, great atmosphere, great owners, out-of-this-world food, and very affordable. Everything we had came to about $32. We will return many times in the future because their menu is very promising. Just wish their name fit the type of place that it is. The current name makes it sound like just another Middle Eastern restaurant, which it definitely is not.
Just went there this past Saturday and was impressed with the food and atmosphere. The only sad thing was how empty it was - both for the owners (who are very nice) and the people that are missing out on it. By comparison, Pita Jungle next door was packed and I seriously doubt the food is any cheaper or better, not to mention the atmosphere. We had a bunch of appetizers and ordered the koobideh as a side item - it was a lot of food. The persian salad and the hummus were both huge, enough for 3 people at least. It was fresh and delicious - try it, you'll be glad you did!
I've been craving good old Persian Food---

The owners have always been very kind and generous-- genuinely inviting you into their restaurant to enjoy some great food. I got the koobideh plate to go alongside some grilled chicken and veggie skewers. The koobideh  for some reason was slightly dry this time around but the chicken was perfect...
I will miss this place when I move to chicago
Three words: Persian Ice cream......   The best of the best and I don't even like typical ice cream but I CRAVE this one!  Staff is amazing they make you feel like you are right in their home cooking for just you!  Need I say more...
While the name of the place which seems to imply that this is a run-of-the-mill Middle Eastern food place, its far from that. It's a cozy, elegant (not luxuriously elegant, but elegant nonetheless) restaurant with friendly service and tasty yet inexpensive food. It's definitely a place where I would bring visiting guests to eat when I show them around Tempe.
Took the family for a middle eastern treat and wasn't disappointed. Ordered  Lamb, Beef and Chicken Kabobs served family style with some nice roasted vegetables and very fragrant Basmati rice. The Hummus appetizer was great as well. Ended the visit with a round of their Persian ice cream and it was great ! I believe we were served by the owner, a patient gentlemen took good care of us.  We will be back.
Ok so I had just arrived in Tempe and was staying at the Days Inn across the street. Someone recommended that Iunch at PJs. Well I, new and innocent, went to PJs where it was bustling! It took forever for someone to come to my table (actually I waited over 5 minutes and the waitress never came), so I left. And I walked the plaza and ran into the lovely Tasty Kabob. 

Let's just say I've never looked back. I've eaten here 4 times and all 4 times have been nothing but great! Hummus, saffron ice cream, bean soup, pitas, and I love the mom and popness of it all---truly gracious owners and down to earth wait staff. Really love the authentic Persian cuisine!!! I prefer to sit out on the patio and you know this place seems to attract a really friendly set of people! 

Seems to be a shared sentiment---sad that PJ's overflows while tables sit empty at this little gem. Give it a try for an authentic Persian dining experience. I miss independent restaurants like this and I'm happy to have found this one. I think I might go there now actually. Lunch?
Originally headed to Tempe to go to Haji Baba - but they only do takeout on Sundays and we were looking for a sit down lunch. Pulled out the trusty iPhone and found this place as an alternative. It's a shame that now I'll probably never have Haji Baba with this place being right up the street. 

My girlfriend and I each had the vegetarian platter with hummus, eggplant borany and tabbouleh. The hummus was average, the tabbouleh was above average, and the borany was OH MY GOD amazing! I don't know exactly what it is and I don't need to know - all that matters is that it's delicious. It's the perfect creamy texture with a garlicky eggplant flavor. It also came with a dollop of yogurt and figs (I think...it was some kind of creamy mayonnaise looking sauce and shreds of something tasty.) 

Service was attentive and polite - not a single eye roll or sigh when I repeatedly asked for cups of ice. One dining out pet peeve of mine - they have soda cans (seriously...my work cafeteria has a soda fountain - it can't be that difficult/expensive to maintain) and I couldn't quite get my drink cold enough. 

Portions were big enough to share (we know for next time) so we took our leftovers home and had a pita picnic for dinner that night. 

Worth the drive from downtown Phoenix.
For one single reason...attention was awesome!!! We were a group of more than 10 and they made a great job taking our orders and helping us to pay. 

Food tasted really good, every body left with a happy face and some, we had to ask a box as portions were a bit more than expected. I had a lamb kabob and it was really delicious!!
Persian food... marinated meats...mmmmmmmm

Try the soltani - one skewer each of koobideh (ground beef) and barg (pieces of filet mignon). Along with the accompanying basmati rice, it's an extremely satisfying meal. And if you want a different take on stews, try their ghormeh sabzi. Absolutely delicious! Their shirazi salad and humus make great starters. 

I was introduced to this place 17 years ago by a girlfriend. Well, she's ancient history but, thankfully, Tasty Kabob isn't.
Excellent Persian cuisine!  From the tender, tasty and juicy flame broiled chicken to the creamy, sweet and aromatic Persian ice cream (homemade with rose water, pistachio pieces, and honey), this place does it right.  No complaints whatsoever, including the service, which others have had concerns about.  

Other dishes we tried included the lamb shank with basmati mixed with lima beans and dill weed and tadig (crispy rice) topped with sabzi (green vegetable and dried lime beef stew).  We got adventurous and tried the yogurt soda as well.  Everyone agreed this was a 5-star experience.
Absolutely fantastic food!  If you've been to Pita Jungle and want something a little more authentic to middle eastern region, than you'll love Tasty Kabob.  My wife and I lived fairly close to the restaurant so we would take-out at least once a week.  My personal favorite is the beef and lamb kabob, and my wife would almost order the Greek Salad w/Gyro Meat.  The food tastes fresh, and they don't over do it with spices and salt.

The service is always great and you'll most likely have the owner of the restaurant serve you.  We liked this place so much that my wife and I did our rehearsal dinner there.  Oh yeah, did I mention that the food is very inexpensive!

If your in the mood for middle eastern cuisine and are on a budget, be sure to stop in!
Persian Cuisine has a special place in my belly.  I love middle eastern food when it is done right.

Tasty Kabob is a paradise for vegetarians and carnivores, and I often visit this place in the unnatural company of each.  

It is a sit-down restaurant, the service is good, and they have take out if you are staying in.

All three of their stews are fantastic, and everything I have ever eaten there has been a delight.
Great food!! The Tadiq is my fav. Love the Cornish Hen also. The kabob and steak kabob are awesome!! Yummy !!!
Tasty Kabob well surpassed my expectations!!  i walked in and it was exactly like the previous reviews had said about it...desolate and quiet and yes the almighty Pita Jungle (which is right next door) was much more busy. Not sure which one of these establishments was here first but these two places RIGHT next door to each other are for sure rivals. Tasty kabob is a family owned restaurant though, and the quality and taste of the food completely represents that. Everything was freaking delicious. Let me break it down for ya right quick folks::

ATMOSPHERE: place is decorated really nice inside, perfect place for an intimate dinner. They had Persian music playing as well which i loved. The decorations, music and food all flowed together wonderfully.
SERVICE: top notch. The owners are their walking around (i assume it's them..you know they give off that owner-y- vibe) and our waitress was just a little basket of knowledge and sunshine!
FOOD: hummus was one of the best i have had. Menu is fairly large and honestly everything looked good. We had the chicken kabob and steak kabob and the meat was REALLY tender and flavorful. Order came with a MASSIVE amt of yummy rice. (also have the option doing 1/2 rice and 1/2 salad if you desire). They also did a special order for me which was not on the menu. wanted a special vegetable Kabob and they whipped it up just to my liking.. gotta love that! didn't have room for the ice-cream but hear its delish!
DRINK: wine and beer- nice selection
PRICE: reasonable. Two people, $52. pretty good for apps, two drinks and two entrees. 

give this underrated place some of your time one day if you happen to be in the area, i highly doubt that you will be disappointed.
I had the Kabob Special $31 which comes with 3 different meats.. and lots of Rice.  My favorite kabob was the Chicken,  The other two were meat Barg and koobideh which I thought were a bit dry but still tasty.  The Rice was very good.  I had a side of Hummus that came with Pita, I felt this was bit generic in flavor.  I Also, ordered the BAGHLAVA sweet $2 which felt like a crispy funnel cake with pieces of churro topped with  maple syrup, not bad but a lil too sweet for my taste.  I Also tried the Persian Ice cream which came with a small wafer and was a unique flavor which I enjoyed..  Would not return as I had better Persian food but surely works for the local craving of Persian.
So i have some friends in AZ but none of them wanted to hang so I ended up hear . The pizza is like the size of Jacksonville ,Fl (largest city per sq ft. in the U.S.)it takes like 10 min to eat one slice .
Went to TK specifically to try the pistachio ice cream. They were out. Then I asked what other dessert I could try instead (read: I want to spend money in your establishment), I was told I could only get dessert if I ordered other food as well. 

And they promptly lost a potential customer for this inane rule.
Oh Tasty Kabob, I wish you were closer to where I live.  I have been going to this place since 2005, my husband and I used to be there at least twice a month.  Now with the twins, it is a lot harder to take such a long trip.  I cannot have enough of the Fesenjan, it is a delicious stew, the complexity of flavors is amazing, we always have it with chicken.  Another item we always order is the Tadig, ahh, its crunchiness is magnificent.  I am salivating just thinking about it.  And one item you should never miss is the persian ice cream.  My husband has to order his own, I won't share.
I love Tasty Kabob! I find myself craving it on Mondays when they are not open but they have the best cucumber yogurt with pits bread! They also have amazing kabobs and rice.  If I could have Tasty Kabob every day I would!
I have been coming here for years. The iced tea is out of this world and I would come here just for that. Spicy beans for an appetizer always pleases my husband. The kabobs have been a little tough here and there
but not so tough you can't eat them. I love the Barg and the Gourmet Sobzy.
Persian basmati rice is one of the wonders of the world and Tasty Kabob makes it so well that even my husband the non rice eater cleans his plate here.
Topping things of with persian ice cream always ends the night with a smile.
You can also take a bag of tea home with you to brew your own which is awesome. Ask the owner what the chef mixes in it to make it taste so good. She told me but I can't remember beyond.. I love it.
There is rarely a wait here and always clean.
The more we go, the more I want to return.
This is a must try for those who like to try new types of food but great also if you bring a stick in the mud that likes meat and potatoes.  You will get rice instead but I gaurantee even a cowboy will love the Barg.
This place truly has some unique made from scratch food that I just absolutely love. The Fesenjan (look it up) is one of my favorite dishes!! The amount of hummus they give for the price is great.
Amazingly enough my 14 year old enjoys eating here just as much as I do, and pleasing a teenager is never an easy thing.
Let me clarify, the 3 star rating is only because of the lack of too many vegetarian options. I say this bcs with the kind of food they serve they can easily pull off other good veggie options like their competitors. I was forced to order an appetizer for dinner when I was so hungry, for the lack of options and a side of saffron rice, which wasn't as good as say med fresh grill or Phoenician cafe! 

My friends absolutely loved their meat dishes, but love to c some better veggie options. Like the name suggests, I m sure u guys can make tasty veggie kabobs if u can :) the pistachio ice cream was good. Check the photos section for some pics I posted. 

But the service was good and the owners were very nice to us too, maybe bcs we were in a big group and seems like they felt we were from some review team, hence the extra love(maybe? :p). They were also keen on splitting the check without much fuss, even though they screwed up a few checks, maybe bcs we were in a big group.

One of my biggest pet peeves is when servers come to take away your bowl of food before you are done eating, agreed there were only some tiny scraps in there, but that is always uncalled for. Happened here but no biggie. As I said the rating is solely for lack of too many veggie options
Lamb and rice.  Not bad but surely nothing special.  Rice and lamb bland.  Onion mostly raw.  About $20 a piece.  Not sure that it doesn't deserve a mere two...
If your business says you are open until 9:30pm, then you should be taking customers.  If not, lock your doors.  We arrived at 9:15pm and asked if food was being served as we could sense a hesitation in the greeting.  She went to "check".  Afterwards, another woman came out (the head honcho) and told us, "We can serve you, but you'd have to be out by 10:30 (with a straight face and looked us in the eye).  My friend looked at me to see what I was thinking.  I was already on my way out the door.  

That was highly disrespectful.  There is a way to talk to people.  Just say your kitchen is closed.  I don't tolerate ANY level of disrespect from ANY establishment.  So maybe your business is doing THAT well that you feel you don't need new customers.  (I don't think any business is is in that position, especially nowadays).  I don't care what you're serving up in there, no thanks.  There are way too many places to eat...pause.
I love Tasty Kabob!  Their food is always excellent, and I try to make it back there whenever I return to the Valley.  I always order their chicken shish kabob entree, which comes in a generous portion that includes rice and grilled vegetables.  The chicken is always tender, well-marinated, and equally well-seasoned.  Their beef shish kabob entree is also very good. Try shaking a little sumac spice onto the rice and meat for some extra flavor, or just enjoy it as is.  It's difficult to choose from their list of appetizers and side dishes, but their hummus is always creamy and smooth, and I love their shirazi salad.  Their spicy beans dish, however, is, by far, my personal favorite, and I always make sure to order it.  Just as important as the food is the friendly service I encounter whenever I visit.  The couple who own the restaurant always make you feel welcome.  Good food and service that makes you feel at home, what more can you ask for?  Simply put, Tasty Kabob is one of the best.
THE very best Persian food and service in Tempe! 

With 25 years experience this restaurant's reputation certainly speaks for itself! The care and attention to detail in food, service and customer satisfaction is above and beyond.  

Surely, a place that family and friends will love and a staple for Tempe's foodie culture as well.  There's not an item on the menu that isn't worth trying. And when you try something you;ll be sure to want to return soon, for more.  Especially the dessert....If you have a keen palate w/ a sweet tooth, then the homemade Persian ice cream or the homemade cheese cake awaits your inevitable order. 

Do yourself a favor and try it. Don't be afraid to ask questions about the menu either, the staff is very knowledgeable and the owners are very warm, friendly people as well!

P.S. Lunches are very busy so before arned &/or call ahead to reserve!
we started with the cucumber, tomato, onion and parsley salad which was amazing. it was super fresh and so tasty. our waitress told us they don't chop the veggies until someone orders it. 

i had a chicken kabob (some of the best chicken i've had in...maybe ever) and an onion kabob. freaking so good. the onion was nice and charred and it was so much food.

my sister had the chicken kabob with the basmati rice that had the berries on top. she said it was ridiculously good.

by far some of the freshest food and most flavorful food i've had in awhile!
Food was very fresh and tasty. The owners were very nice and helpful on picking out items on the menu. Service was great and friendly. My husband got the lamb kabob. Typically i do not like lamb, but this was the best I've tasted and liked!  The chicken was awesome an the Persian ice cream was fantastic. I highly recommend.
Delicious ... and you have to try the ice cream :)
I just got a take out from here, the Beef Kabob. There is a reason I get take out,  I can't cook. But I darn sure could have cooked this one. I got white rice (Uncle Bens?), some meat that had been cooked on the grill straight from the cow, no spices / sauces or anything extravagant lke that, and a half onion that might have passed over the grill on the way to my takeout box.

A hint of yellow coloring that may have been either saffron or crayon, I'm not sure. It sure looked pretty but didn't taste like anything.

$18 bucks after take out tip, I wish I'd just gone to Wendy's.
I thought this place was very good and its a nice change of pace from my usual eats which is mainly Italian food. It has a nice atmosphere and good service, the kabobs were delicious along with the rice. I will certainly go back again and leave with a happy full belly too.
Not a bad lunch spot.  Had the Chelo Kebab Koobideh plate and paid the upcharge to have Baghala Polo (a delicious rice pilaf with dill and lima beans) with it instead of plain white rice and wished I hadn't.  The dill rice tasted mediocre and the whole time I ate, I was hardcore eyeing the platters that went by with white rice and salad.  Would definitely order differently next time.  We also had the hummus, which was perfectly tasty, but nothing to write home about.  My lunch companions who ordered sandwiches received a side dish of bagged potato chips, which seemed both superfluous and budget.  The Frank Sinatra and Rat Pack-esque music playing in the background was also a little odd.  Although I did like my meal for the most part, I'd probably visit one of my other favorite Persian spots in the valley for dinner service instead of here.
Excellent, excellent food! Corny, Corny name!  But I forgive them. I could tell by the wonderful aroma of limu Omani (dried limes) that it would be good. I don't know if Tempe knows how good you have it, or maybe you do, but from the tadig and khoresh to the aash, Tasty Kabob is truly authentic Persian food.  If you're looking for good inexpensive thing to try, have the tadig and khoresh with ghormeh sabzi for only $6.50. It can be your meal. Plus the fun of tadig is that you can use it like chips to pick up your savory khoresh.

Why isn't this place in DC???  Aargh! Ah, well at least I found it and enjoyed it. Just like home cooking.
Visited Tasty Kabob on the recommendation of a coworker and was pleasantly surprised.  Started the meal off with the stuffed grape leaves and some hummus.  The grape leaves were stuffed very plump and proved to be just as delicious as they looked.  There were 8 total and I definitely rank them a great "bang for the buck" as an appetizer.  The hummus was good, just good.  A little bland and a little thinner than my liking and I wasn't too overwhelmed with the portion size.  My lunch entree was the Gyro Platter, which was literally phenomenal.  The oversized plate seemed almost too small to contain the generous portion sizes provided.  The platter came loaded with a generous portion of fresh, dressed salad greens (more of a spring mix), a huge portion of long grain rice topped with some saffron infused rice.  The gyro meat was a mix of lamb and beef, shaved thinly and folded alongside some seasoned onions and tomatoes.  What impressed me the most is that, for once, the meat was NOT dried out, as I have found in most Middle Eastern restaurants.  All this for less than $25 (two appetizers and an entree).  The seating was good, the music was very good and the service was great (perfect timing and very accommodating).   Overall, this is an easy recommend if your looking for good food & good service at a reasonable price.
I came to this restaurant thinking... Hmm... this is the place that doesn't have as much traffic coming and going as the neighboring Mediterranean restaurant that I enjoyed so much..... Something must be wrong with THIS place.  But, because I organize a monthly "World Tour Lunch" group, I wanted to go to this particular restaurant because it is an Iranian restaurant...  

Not a surprise,  it seems like each one of us ordered some form of a kabob/combination plate.  I also ordered the veggie soup, Aash, and the Baklava.  I was so surprised to find that the food in this restaurant tasted so good.  I enjoyed every bite of the tender and succulent chicken and the lamb.  And of course, the objective of most of us who are doing the tour is to also try each other's food, and I enjoyed the samplings of other folks food too.

So, I've come to this conclusion, this place has to be the best kept secret in Tempe!  I can't see how people will walk pass Tasty Kabob and go to the neighboring establishment  when this food is awesomely fantastic and prepared by a talented kitchen.  In addition to the the food, I was so very happy with the service!  Any place that willingly accommodates my strange requests for lettuce in place of rice/pasta in their dishes is generally okay with me.
Their food is exactly what I would expect from a Persian Restaurant. It is authentic and done very well. I have been coming here for over 11 years and the owners have always been very friendly and open to my friends, family and coworkers. 

There are other Persian food restaurants in the valley but none match the "Local Feel" that you will get here. It is very quiet at times and they have a variety of music from french, spanish to of course persian playing the background. 

I must include that I am not of any Persian or Middle Eastern decent and they have always been willing to explain what the menu items are and are more than willing to share their wonderful culture with anyone.

Check out the pictures on the wall and you will also see a number of famous folk that eat here on a regular basis.

Thank you Tasty Kabob for being so wonderful! See you again soon.
+ Mango Juice | Portion Sizes

- Price | No Sauce for the combo dish | Had much better persian in bay area/cali

20 dollars for a very scantly seasoned combo dish and a juice is a bit much
Maybe I ordered wrong but I will be back to try the other stuff
Nice music, lighting. Indoors and outdoors seating. Waiters stood around like secret service agents. Food had slight char, but otherwise delicious. Would recommend my friends.
We went there with high hopes & but got disappointment.
Many of the items had just rice with charred vegetables without any spice. Even meat items had no taste. We felt it too costly for the quality we got.
Desserts were okay.
Awesome food! I may have given it a 5 star because I was hungry, but the food is just so good!  I couldn't try the ice cream since I am so stuffed!  I shall return when job takes me back to Tasty Kabob!
Excellent food, very nice service and awesome music and nice desert. We tried both chicken and lamb entries, they are cooked to perfection and very tasty. Joojeh kabob is my favorite and game hen tenderness is excellent for kabob. The homemade dough, which is a spiced butter milk is very tasty. Aash, Persian soup is excellent. There are lot of restaurant's in the valley should learn from these people how to serve the food, they are second to none. The Persian ice cream is a must try.
Average overpriced food, relatively slow service...  located next to pita jungle I give the owners credit for being there that long watching pita junle getting busier while tasty kabob is completely empty. Nerves of steel for sure lol  plenty of better options out there for med food just look on yelp....
Also if your vegieterrian good luck, litle to no options...
Lower you prices and improve your quality tasty kabob med food is not a novelty anymore like back in the 80'.
Great food and quick service.

I love their chicken kebab wrap (it comes with DELICIOUS tzatziki sauce, and the meat is soooooo moist and yummy). 

5/5 for the best Turkish/ Middle Eastern food in Tempe.
One of the best Kabob restaurant in AZ
I ordered Chicken Sulatani plate it so delicious. It is a chiken kabob and beef kofta with Basmati rice and union. YOU HAVE TO TRY THIS PLATE
Great service
Great place

But its price is a little bit expensive
One of the best middle eastern restaurants in town, and the beef kobaidah kabob is extremely delicious and juicy that melts in your mouth. I could never have enough of it
I really like this place. I am from Los Angeles where we have the best Persian food. Coming to AZ has been VERY disappointing. I guess because Persian restaurants here lack competition they can slack in flavor and quality. BUT NOT HERE. This ranks on the top of my list for Persian food here. The owners are so friendly and everything is fresh and tastes good. WAY BETTER than the Persian Room in Scottsdale. If you don't believe me, go try their food. Also they make homemade Persian ice cream that is phenomenal. I will be back!
Enjoyed the food and the service. Chicken kabob was tasty and basic but really good. Gyro plate super delish don't pass it up. Only regret we ate too much for dessert!
My new favorite Persian restaurant!! My mom, sister, and I came here for lunch and I'm glad we did. We were greeted by a nice older gentleman and we were seated outside. He warned us of bees, but my sister wanted to enjoy the weather since she is visiting from NY.

Onto the food. My mom ordered the lab kabab with half rice half salad, which was delicious! I don't really like lamb, but this didn't taste bad at all. My sister got the koobideh plate, which she loved. And I for the chicken kabab with koobideh plate. I don't usually like koobideh either because it has too many flavors but theirs was amazing. It has the perfect amount of spies and it's soooooo juicy! Yum! The chicken was amazing too. It was so tender and juicy. It was perfectly grilled too. The only thing that was "eh" was the rice. I'm picky about rice. The house doogh was excellent. I love doogh! 
And for dessert, we got the faloodeh, which we weren't charged for because they had run out of a full serving. But it was delicious! So sweet! So good. 
The service was great. The prices are good especially for how much food you are getting.
This place isn't as nice as Persian Room, but the food is much much better.
I just had lunch with a friend at Tasty Kabob and did it ever deliver on taste!
We both had chicken kabobs with salad skipping the rice for the calorie savings. Honestly at $6.50 for the quality & quantity of food was amazing. The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning. Delish!! The service was excellent and there were only a hand full of tables being used. For some reason next door Pita Jungle was packed and I can't image why? There food is ok,very trendy tho. 
There is a menu outside, but it is so formal looking. They need to get a sign posted outside stating that "lunch specials starting at $6.50" that would get the folks in the door. If you truly like good food...get over to this place and give it a try....excellent!
One of the ONLY Persian restaurants where the Rice to Kabob ratio is a very close 50/50 and they make the Maast-o-Moosir from real shallots, not diced white radishes and garlic powder.
On a mission to review every Persian restaurant in California and around it's borders, I discovered Tasty Kabob. I've eaten here many years ago but have forgotten about it untill I went back with a friend of mine who lives in Phoenix.
Tasty Kabob Is not a fancy restaurant, the owners spend their time and energy creating good quality, authentic food. The yogurt is thick & Maast-o-Moosir Is made fresh, daily. The quality of meat is always exceptional & the Barg Kabob always comes perfectly cooked. Juicy, tender, yet slightly crunchy on the upper 'crust'. It's just absolutely fantastic!
I had lunch here many times over the years and never been disappointed.
This place has great food but the prices are a little on the expensive side and the wait staff stand around as though they're prison guards watching you.
I've been there numerous times now, and I am always amazed at just how good the food is.  Huge portions, wonderfully seasoned.  I get the chicken barg soltani and it is amazing. It comes with rice and a salad (or just rice if you prefer).  We always start our meal with some tadiq with gheimeh bademjan.  Making good tadiq is an art form, one which this place has mastered.  The yogurt salad (yogurt with cucumbers and mint) is stand-alone delicious, but I prefer to have it on my food.  And for dessert try the Persian ice cream.

If you've never had Persian food you are missing out on some wonderful meals.  There are numerous vegetarian dishes, also.  Give this place a try - you won't be disappointed.
The food here is really good here. The staff is friendly and the place has a nice ambiance. The Chicken Sish Kabob is recommended. You can have your food with saffron rice or salad or half and half (both). The salad is absolutely delicious!

A little warning about the Persian ice cream though. It is vanilla with pistachio bits, saffron and rose wash so it will taste like you're eating perfume. If you are not into unusual tasting food, then don't order this. 

If you have an adventurous side and want to try this, I can say that after 3-4 bites of this ice cream, the perfume taste gradually becomes less noticeable. 

Cheers!
Two words. Falafel sandwich.  To die for.  In fact, if I ever wanted to commit suicide it would be death by Haji Baba's falafel sandwich to insure that I would die happy.  

Also, when they say pomegranate juice, they are NOT FOOLING AROUND.
I can't say enough about this place.  The food is wonderful.  I am half middle eastern so I grew up on authentic arabic food.  Haji Baba is the only restaurant I have found in the Phoenix metro area that is VERY comparable to my Grandma's cooking.  The hummus and tabouli are excellent.  And if I were to recommend an entree, it would have to be the Chicken Shwarma plate.
Note that I am rating this place based purely on their supreme/deluxe/whatever gyro, and that I've never actually sat down to eat here, just gotten my food to go. Now that's out of the way: sooooo goooood, and inexpensive compared to some other places that offer gyros!

There's a minimum $5 purchase to run a debit card transaction, so if you don't have any cash, be prepared to buy dessert (poor you!)
In my humble opinion, this is by far the best Middle Eastern restaurant I ever been to. If you go there, then you must try the chicken shewerma combination. Killer!!!!
Haji Babba is amazing.  The food is cheap and delicious.  It's easy to "build" a meal by adding up a bunch of appetizers.  The combination plates are great too!  The feta cheese appetizer and falafel sandwich are my favorites.  You can't leave without trying one of the delicious varieties of baklava they prepare as well.  This is *the* place to enjoy Middle Eastern food!  The staff is charming and prompt.  The place gets very, very busy at lunch time, so plan ahead for work lunches.  The grocery store is pretty fun too, if you have time to browse around after you eat.
I'd eat at Haji-Baba if I was in the neighborhood and wanted something quick and filling.  

Actually my favorite thing to get is over at the deli/takeout counter - the great selection of freshly made baklavas - almond, walnut, pistachio.  

This is also a good place to pick up spices and other Middle Eastern groceries.

Although I think I like the pickled papaya dish at the Vietnamese place in the plaza more, so my preference is to come here for the baklava afterwards.
If you want an authentic experience, if you really want to feel like you have some manner of ethnic experience, you need to come to Haji Baba.  

It's a little middle-eastern market.  It's a corner grocery.  It's a family-run restaurant.  It's freaking good.  

The hummus is pretty good, with fresh-made pita.  The feta cheese app is really good.  The chicken shawerma plate is top-notch, and my god is there a ton of food.  Heck, order the gyros plate for around $6 and when it arrives, mounds of succulent meat, tzsaziki sauce, rice and Greek salad, go ahead and take a bite before you decide to pull a Johnny Depp from Once Upon a Time in Mexico and go back to kill the cook because it's just too good.  

It's cheap, it's filling, it's quality, and it's ridiculous that it's not packed from open to close.  

Good ol' Haji Baba.
An excellent place to stop if you are in the Tempe/ASU area.  Their Gyro's are overflowing with some of the best Gyro meat I've tasted in AZ.

The only reason it isn't a 5 star for me is the distance.  I live in the North West Valley, and it's a conscious, planned decision to go there.

ASU Students rejoice. You have one of the cheapest, best tasting Mediterranean food joints in AZ right on your back doorstep!
FOOD: This place has some pretty good Middle Eastern food. The hummus was awesome, and the shawermas are always tasty. You get a lot of food on your plate. The meat is actually tasty, as opposed to a lot of places that just throw the some tasteless meat into the shawerma. If you want to try some good low-priced Middle Eastern food, this is the place to come. 

PRICE: Pretty cheap for all that you get. You can definitely spend under $10. 

ATMOSPHERE: I love the setup of this place! The restaurant is at the side of a small market that sells all types of Middle Eastern ingredients, foods, and snacks. If you enjoy what you eat in the dining area, walk five feet into the aisles and find the required ingredients! This place is actually run by Middle Easterners, not sure which nationality, but it feels authentic and not too Americanized. 

SERVICE: No complaints, but not the most outgoing or warm service.

SKINNY: Go to Haji-Baba! If not to eat, then to shop for food! Great place for lunch.
I ate here today for the first time since I was an ASU student long ago - it was as good as I remember. Better, because i have a more sophisticated palette now.

The hummus was yummus.

The baba ghanooj nearly made me spooj.

The tabouli ruled me.

I love the olives. Real olives. Not from a shitty can. I am an olive snob. Trust me. Order the side of olives. Do it!

Yes this review is shamelessly blatantly fishing for cool and or funny ratings.

Give me one then go to Hajis.
Thank You Erica.O and Praise to Allah that I finally found some Baklava worthy of the sacred journey through my Gullet.

Now onto the rest of my review, I met a friend for lunch, I started by ordering the Hummus and a Spanakopita (see pics) 

The hummus was good, although I didn't get the the thick fresh pita I saw everyone else eating? I guess you have to ask for the good stuff,  Newbie mistake #1, the pita I got wasn't too bad though.

The Spanakopita wasn't all that it, tasted too "green" not enough flavor of feta, and by microwaving  it  the flaky crust became unflaky and jut soft and chewy, not good.

I ordered the Vegetarian Combo she ordered the Shawarma plate (see pics) My plate had babaganoush, falafel (hiding under the tomato salad) Tabbouleh and 2 stuffed grape leaves served with a side of yogurt / tatziki sauce. 
I thought everything was really good and tasted pretty fresh except the grape leaves, they were atrocious, the rice inside was unrecognizable, it was so overcooked it completely turned to a mushy paste, bummer, grape leaves are my favorite. ( I will make them for us Andrea, I Promise)

I wish I had more of their falafel I pretty much filled up on the tatziki, babaganoush and pita. Now I know what to get next time.

So our waiter come over and says "Since this is your first time, I'll take care of the bill, just take your ticket to the counter"

WOW~ Are you serious, how generous!!

We wait in line, give our ticket to the guy and he keeps asking us to pay??? 
Well Apparently  there was a confusion of some sort, I don't know what the waiter meant by that, We though our lunch was going to be free.....it wasn't....but that's OK.

That's when I ordered my baklava, one piece.........I go to the car to eat it and went back in for 2 more pieces.....YUM!!

4 stars for the Baklava at least
I discovered the delights of Haji-Baba when I was in grad school at ASU (gulp) 10 years ago.  I decided to take the BF for dinner recently when we were in the Tempe area.  I was pleased that Haji-Baba has stood the test of time.

The decor was exactly as I remembered it.  The market side was still chock-full of Middle Eastern staples.  The bakery case was filled to the brim with homemade baklava.  The dining area even had the same murals on the walls.  Very little has changed indeed at Haji-Baba in the last 10 years.

Haji-Baba offers great value-for-your-dollar.  You get a large quantity of tasty food for a very wallet-friendly price.  Don't get me wrong, this isn't the greatest Middle Eastern food served in the US, but it's very solid.  There's a reason Haji-Baba has been a staple with ASU students over the years.  

The hummus was tasty and so were the olives.  The Gyro Plate had so much meat on it that I had to take half to go for lunch the next day.  The gyro meat is very good here, but it's not the best I have ever tasted.  That was at Jimmy's Gyros in Mykonos, Greece.  But I can certainly make do with Haji-Baba.
Haji Babba is awesome. The food is good and very well priced, the falfel and the baklava are the best in town. Try it you'll love it. The dolmas, and gyros schwermas are excellent. The market is really cool too. They sells tons of flavors of hashish and beautifully designed hookas and at their prices you will never find yourself in paraphernalia or trails again. They also have excellent teas, boxed goods, dishes and all sorts of cool beauty products. It's a lot of  fun to walk around and look at everything while your waiting for your food.
I've been going to Haji Baba since '99 and I have NEVER been disappointed. Nothing that I write will do this place justice. I have had everything but the Kibbi (sp?). Their hummus is always spot on. The Fallafel is always crispy but maintains moistness. Their gyros are delicious. The chicken is beyond reproach. 

Afterwards its is always fun to peruse the store. Good prices all around!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
SUPER FRIENDLY, 

SUPER FAST

SUPER CHEAP

SUPER CHEAP. 


seriously. this place is the best place in all of the phoenix area for middle eastern food . 

it has been around forever, 


go here. 

much better than princess or all the awful middle eastern/turkish/ Mediterranean places on mill.. 

and dont even think about going to pita jungle across the street. ..seriously
I have always wanted to write one of these reviews as a letter to a personified establishment. Like the cool kids.

Sweetest Haji Baba,

I am so happy that I waited for you. Had I lost my falafel virginity to anyone but you I surely would have regretted it. Thank you for knowing I was ready to be deflowered. The taste of your falafel lingers on my lips when I think of that day.

I thought we may be a fling, but you are so deep. You have two sides, delicious dining, and grocery I think I am in love. The way your staff is friendly and seem to actually appreciate my business leaves me longing for your sweet lunch.

Your plate of olives is like a plate of olives, heavenly aroma building my hunger for you. 

Distance makes the heart grow fonder love, and next time I find myself in Tempe, we will be as though we never parted. Wait for me.

Your dearest,
Nathan "Bear Hands" S.
Their greek salad made me feel bad about every other greek salad I had eaten elsewhere.  It was brilliant.  I'm especially impressed by the fat feta cheese cubes.  It's like buying a huge salad and getting a block of cheese and side of olives for free.
The Haj is a dope spot.  You can shop here and eat.  It's very very affordable.  I like to hit it up for lunch when I'm short on ends.  They use the bomb feta, which you can buy in a tin.   It's Veg friendly, and their Gyros are good.  Thumbs up!
Haji is by far one of my favorite lunch places in the area. The staff is always on top of their game and the food is consistently great. Maybe the owners feed the staff hummus before their shift. I don't know what the secret is behind their food and staff but it's a fantastic place to go. 

They serve the most delicious tongue ever. Their lamb tongue is mild in flavor, very tender, and compliments a side of some of the creamiest and most flavorful hummus I've ever eaten. 

Haji-Baba is a great place to go for lunch and for authentic Middle Eastern groceries. If you haven't gone you're missing out. If you do go you have to try their tongue. As they say you won't stop talking about it.
I've eaten here a couple of times before.  The first time, less than two years ago, I ordered the chicken shawarma entree (complete with pickled veggies, hummus, garlic sauce, and pita).  Many of the chicken pieces were still uncooked that I could hardly chew it, and some were still blood-red!  When I started to complain about about this to my server, he acted as if no one has ever complained about the food here before.  He left, and he came back with whom I thought was the cook, who had acted even more offended about my accusation of the meat being uncooked.  He mentioned something about how everything is timed perfectly in the oven, but he offered to bring a new dish out.  Twelve minutes later (yes, I time these things), a slightly more cooked dish of chicken was laid out in front of me.  I decided I'd salvage what I could and just chalk it up to a bad day.  My favorite things in that entree were the pickled veggies and the garlic sauce.  Oh my... the garlic sauce!!  

A few days after that, I brought my Mom with me for dinner.  We ordered the lamb kabob entree to share.  She wasn't impressed with the kabobs, since she had Byblos' lamb shanks on the brain (Byblos' lamb is pretty good, we think).  It was official- the hummus here leaves much to be desired.  However, I still thought the garlic sauce was fantastic!  Tastes great with the tabouli/tabouleh (both are correct).

Fast-forward many, many months to two days ago, I decided to order take-out for Mom and me- chicken shawarma sandwich, no pickle (tomatoes, lettuce, and garlic sauce in pita); gyro, no pickle, no cucumber sauce (lamb meat and lettuce in pita); and gyro with everything for Mom.  Why did it take me all this time to finally order these sandwiches to-go?  Both types are must-tries: the shawarma is a popular choice of many here, and all it takes is one bite for you to know why.  The sauce and garlic schmear combo is to-die-for!  And one would think that a pita with only lamb meat and lettuce sounds too simple to be so tasty, but it is!  The meat is so moist and tender, you really don't need any condiment.  Trust me.  Heck, don't trust me and order one plain and one with the works and judge them yourself; Most of the sandwiches costs less than $4 each!  

BTW, you may elect to have whole wheat pita instead of the plain normally used.  You may also take Haji-Baba pitas home (made at the Haji-Baba bakery on Apache east of the restaurant); you may find them on the register counter.  

You may pay for your take-out in advance and then wait for it to be prepared, or you may want to check out the grocery aisles as you're waiting and pay for everything at the end.  I suggest the chocoholics check out the Swiss chocolate bars here!  I've tried a few brands, and I just love the Milka brand: milk chocolate with whole hazelnut, milk and creamy white layered, plain milk chocolate.  (I love dark chocolate, but couldn't find one allergen-free.)  The flavors are so creamy and you can definitely taste the great quality ingredients used.  There are cheaper brands sold here, but a not-so-quick glance (you may or may not find English among the five or so languages listed on the back) will reveal that other vegetable fat, not cocoa butter, is used.  Go for the "good chocolate" brands; At two dollars or less a bar, you can leave with a goodie cache without having to spend much cash.  

You'll most likely find something in the grocery you'll want to buy, so don't forget to remember to pick up your take-out order.  The chances of you forgetting about food, however, are slim since that is all you'll be thinking of the moment you walk into the place... the food aromas are mouth-watering!
This place is always near the top of my list of places to dine when I'm visiting my old Arizona stomping grounds.  

It's fast, it's healthy, it's cheap, and they have best pita bread around.  They have about 7836487236 different kinds of fresh baklava in their case by the register; I go for the pistachio, but you can't go wrong with any of them.  

I always order the chicken kabob with tabouli instead of their regular green salad; their hummus is killer.  

The restaurant is half-grocery store and half restaurant (well, more like 1/3 restaurant and 2/3 store), and you can get everything from henna and dry lentils and spices to fresh feta, freshly-baked pita and DVDs.  It's a one-stop Persian shop!  

LOVE.
tasty, cheap and a grocery store.  also, friendly, fast service.
the falafel sandwich is great, they make a mean foul medammas and like a million kinds of baklava!
What an absolute delight! 

Stepping into the tiny grocery/cafe, i was washed in delicious smells of curry and every imaginable spice. My dad chose this place for dinner as it conveniently sells leg of lamb (our family's traditional Christmas eve main course). 

Myself, my dad & mom, my sister and 7-year old niece found a relatively comfortable table and set up shop. While we waited for menus, my sister & I eagerly gazed at the shelves of exotic foods just a few paces away. After selecting a wide variety of menu items, my sister and I bolted for the grocery area while my dad entertained my niece. 

My sister found some curry pastes and I goggled at the biryani rice mix, the watermelon jam, and the super-cheap olive oil. I love places like this! 

Our meal came quite quickly, so we barely made it through the 3 small aisles. We rushed back to the table to dig in. 

I ordered a gyro on the side to keep for lunch the next day (was it really $3.50 for this massive thing??) My mom ordered a falafel sandwich (she's a vegetarian most of the time), dad started in on his shwarma sandwich (the beef was shredded and tasted like machaca; very flavorful!). My niece is a picky eater but our server accommodated and instructed the kitchen to create a "chicken-on-a-stick." She had a disbelieving, almost grossed-out, expression on her face when it was placed before her (it was basted in a mild yellow curry). After trying the meat, she devoured most of it (we were SO proud!). 

The piece d' resistance was the combo platter that my sis & I shared. Gyro meat with the lovely cucumber sauce, 2 falafel (some of the best I've ever had, light, fluffy, melt-in-your mouth), a huge serving of taboli (sp?) salad, 2 warm dolmas (delicious!), an odd little tasty cake (i know it has a name but I'm too lazy to search for it) that had seasoned ground beef sandwich between layers of a slightly sweet wheat cake. Finally, my favorite, the deep fried beef eggroll. The meat was amazingly seasoned but the wrapping was that sweet dough. My sister described it as "pumpkin pie except with beef." Weird combo, but Divine!!! 

I'm going back & taking my friends....there are 5 kinds of baklava that we have to try!!!
Everyone's right -- there's not much of an ambience at this 2/3-grocer 1/3-restaurant nestled away in a stripmall, but what Haji-Baba lacks in ambience, it more that compensates for in fresh, delicious, authentic Middle Eastern food.  My boyfriend and I split the non-veggie combination platter, and everything was fantastic: the falafel was light and fluffy, on par with the NY street vendor fare I'm accustomed to, and the gyro was so delicious that I managed to finagle 3/4 of it away before he noticed there'd been more under a piece of hummus-y lettuce.

I would not recommend it for a first date -- hipper joints like Pita Jungle across the street would better fit the bill -- but if you're in a comfortable relationship and craving a delicious meal after a long day's ridiculous lightrail experiment, Haji-Baba's got your back.  And your belly...
Can't beat it.  Best gyro and chicken shawarma in town!  The staff is nice and the prices are great.
Haji Baba is good. Not exceptional, but good. I don't understand all the fuss about this place, kind of like Fez where everyone raves about it and I just don't get it, so maybe it is me. 

There is no atmosphere to speak of, what so ever, not that its a bad thing. The place is sectioned off into two portions, one a dining area, and one a grocery store. We were seated at one of the tables in the grocery store, like.... IN the grocery store. No complaints here, I find something oddly comforting about eating in a place like this.

The food was good, hummus though was very good. We had a nice array of salads, gyros, shwarmas, hummus, spanikopita, baklava, etc. All sorts of shit was at the table, and it was all good, but none of it made me go oh man this is the best I've ever had. 

I'd return for two reasons, one is the price. Dinner for 4 with more than we could eat was less than $30. reason two is the great service. We didn't more than 5 minutes for ANYthing. They are quick here, and very accommodating.
One of the most ironic things about this place is that it's a stone's throw away from Pita Jungle, yet they're completely different restaurants.

At Haji-Baba the exquisite architecture and the scantily-clad waitresses, don't get factored into your bill. Basically because there aren't any.

It's basically a dive attached to a market.

I love the decor at Pita Jungle but I can't make that justify the food prices.

You can order a appetizer at Haji's that can serve as your meal or just a simple gyro which comes served in tin foil.

The iced tea is great and the baklava comes in more flavors than Baskin Robbins has ice cream.

This place is also a fave of many college students.

One thing I can't understand about Haji's is the service. It's kinda like they don't care. Clearing tables is more important to them than taking care of patrons already at a table. Many times I've gotten up and refilled my own drink. 

Prices are low, food is good but check the hours before you go. It doesn't keep standard restaurant hours and I think it takes Sundays off. Odd.
I stop in here about once every other week. I first discovered this place in the mid 1990's through an old friend. 

They have very friendly staff. The chefs are the best.

 I love their chicken kabob plate. I always ask for extra tomatoes and cukes on my salad. Also ask for a extra pita with a side of gyro sauce. Try dipping the chicken kabob pieces in the gyro sauce. 

Some people don't need "atmosphere" to enjoy really good food!! I think Haji would lose it's way if it was a place to see and been seen! Its better to just sit back, relax a little and savor the flavors. Expect about a 15-20 minute wait for that Chicken Kabob to arrive. Its never rushed and I have NEVER had to send anything back.
You know when you absolutely adore a restaurant and it's like they don't even know you exist? Like you're in some endless John Hughes film where you never, ever get to that final birthday cake scene? I hate unrequited love. 

But at Haji Baba, the feeling's alllll mutual, baby. 

No, really. They love me. I swear. Stop laughing. 

The bestest service, the nicest chitchat and the friendliest not-creepy flirting. And, of course, the most delicious hummus (with a pickle on top).

OK, so maybe everyone gets the hummus. But does everyone get a big smile and a compliment from the kitchen staff? 

Maybe it's because I always stop by after work, gussied up in heels and other lady-things. Maybe it's because I tip on takeout orders. Always. Or maybe it's just because I shop the store like I mean it: canned goods, feta, olives, pita, maybe some naan, baklava, wacky Eastern European chocolate, baba ganoush, spices, pistachios, etc. etc. etc. Not to mention the dirt-cheap, super-tasty kebab, shwarma and koubideh. 

And while Haji Baba may be the Sam Schoeffling to my Molly Ringwald, Long Duk Dong has never made an appearance during my meal.
When I first moved to Tempe, I was told by my friend who has lived in Tempe all of his life that this was the first place I had to check out and had to get their Gyros. From a grocery store/sit down store? A place called Haji-Baba? On Apache and McClintock? What? Surely you can't blame me for doubting his convictions. 

One day we finally went in. I looked at the menu full of foreign foods and was overtaken by fear. "What is all of this shit?", I thought to myself. Of course, this was just a sign of how uncultured I was (and still am). Luckily, my friend took the work out of deciphering the menu and ordered a gyro for me. We got it to go. 

I opened up my gyro and saw huge chunks of meat. You know those places that have gyros with thin, insulting, child sized strips of meat? Yeah, this isn't one of those places. This is a gyro for a grown man. So, good start, right? I took a bite. It was... amazing. Their feta cheese, onions, and meat combined for one of the best foods I have ever tasted to this day. It was messy, juicy, the meat was packed so thick that it was difficult to eat (all positive notes), and wow, it was just brilliant. You know that feeling you get when you walk into BevMo for the first time and realize you're in alcohol heaven? When you realize you've stumbled upon something special and that you'll be back again and again? Yeah, that's the feeling.

I ate at Haji Baba's again the next day. And about twice every week for a month afterwards. Later I learned that their "Deluxe" gyro is even better. I also discovered that they have some kickass foods in there. Special mention goes out to the chocolates..

Unfortunately, I still haven't tried anything else on the menu. This is probably a result of a combination of me being terrified of the menu due to having no idea what those other foods are, and me internally weighing out the risk of eating an average or only above-average food as compared to eating one of my favorite food items in existence. Easy choice.

I've never sat down to eat at Haji-Baba, but when getting the food to go there has never been a problem. The workers are friendly enough for satisfaction without being friendly to the point of irritation or perceived pretentiousness. There's also never a line and it's $3-4 for a Gyro. God damn I love this place.
While I was eating I thought to myself ah Haji-Baba is just a four star. The food was good, not blow my mind great, but good. What did it for me was the price, whoa I couldn't believe how cheap everything was. Insane prices! And decent food as well, with out a doubt worth trying for yourself.
Authentic (I guess... what do i know? ) middle eastern food.  Usually pretty crowded at lunch time tho.
Haji Baba's elegancy and efficiency is best expressed in a style mimicking Ernest Hemingway's famous six-word short story:

Falafel sandwich. $2.99. Delicious. Bring friends.
Damn you Yelpers you steered me wrong!!  I agreed to go to this place only after reading all of these glorious reviews on Yelp, only to be in for a rude awakening upon my arrival.  

I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but the phrase you get what you pay for has never rang more true for me.

I love Middle Eastern food, like seriously, no joke.  So how excited was I to try a new Middle Eastern restaurant not too far from my office with ridiculously low prices?? You can probably figure it out from there.

The meal started out okay.  I got a pretty darn big piece of Spanakopita for $1.95, which excited me.  It was decent, not very flavorful to be honest but for $1.95 I'll eat them all day long. My boss ordered a side of hummus to start, and his story was pretty much the same.

We then both ordered the Chicken Kabob sandwich for a whopping $3.99 and I was stoked. Until it arrived that is.

I took one bite and could tell right away that something was not right, with the chicken I mean.  After I taste a funky piece of meat, that's it. I will not be taking another bite. It just won't happen.

I did however perform a little surgery on one piece on a side plate to discover that as I suspected, the inside was pink, as in NOT FULLY COOKED.  It took a bit out of me to not get sick right there at the table.

I was hungry though so I tried to eat around the chicken, only to discover that this was the dryest chicken kabob sandwich I had ever had.  I probably should've figured that out by watching my boss douse his with the entire appetizer of hummus to add some flavor, but what can I say, I like to figure some things out on my own.

All in all my meal ending up costing less than $6, which was sweet, except for the fact that I didn't really eat anything.

Oh, and I should probably mention that we got back to the office and my boss didn't stop bitching all afternoon about how badly his stomach hurt. I believe that's called salmonella : )

Anyways, I'm a bit surprised that I had such a lousy experience with so many great reviews before me.  Maybe it was an off day, maybe all the reviewers before me were blinded by the price, regardless, I won't be back to find out.
good, authentic, cheap middle eastern food.  The restaurant is attached to a market so you can pick up some goodies for later as well.
As a Child of the Mediterranean- 
I personally did not like the food here, their baklava though MAKES up for it immediately! So skip lunch and go straight for dessert-
I stop by Haji Baba to stock up on all the basics like pita bread, labne, tahini, hommus, spices, ect. Their prices are pretty good.
Everyone is friendly at this store and willing to help you find what your looking for!
Busy, friendly service, good food, super cheap prices, awesome lemonade.  I think that about sums it up.  After 48 reviews I can't really think of anything that hasn't been said, or even anything witty or crude, so I'll leave it at that.  I had the kafta plate with rice and a lemonade for less than $10 and loved every bite.
Chicken shawerma...

Chicken shawerma...

Chicken shawerma...

Sorry, I may have gotten a little distracted there.

Every time I think of Haji Baba I think of three things: their chicken shawerma plate (which is to die for, as in, I would throw myself in the path of a bullet if it meant I could get some), their delicious lemonade, and the store that's attached to the restaurant which always has new discoveries.

I don't get to go here that often since it's a little far away, and until recently the light rail construction traffic made getting there a pain. But when I do I get that chicken shawerma and I tell myself I can eat all of it. Then I eat half of it and box the rest of it up and have a delicious lunch the next day.

I hope this place never closes. NEVER.
Had the regular sample plate and the vegetarian sample plate. Great hummus, falafel, and lamb. Chicken and gyro meat were ok but not awesome. I could not believe how tasty the meat was. Delicate blend of spices where no one thing is overpowering; a symphonic balance of flavors that melds perfectly. 

Their iced tea is refreshingly strong, with more than a hint of cinnamon. Guys behind the counter at the to-go/deli are quite opinionated and will not hesitate to steer customers toward their favorites. I like that.
Haji Baba is a top notch middle eastern grocery store and lunch spot!  They offer all of the Mediterranean favorites for a very reasonable price.  Although I have my favorite Mediterranean places for different dishes, I come to Haji Baba when I want a quick, cheap bite.  You can dine in for under $7 and get in and out in less than 30 minutes.  

The ambiance is typical of the standard hole-in-the-wall middle eastern eatery.  During lunch time it gets busy, I have seen people waiting for a table to open up.  The wait staff is a loyal bunch that has worked there for years and it is always nice to see their familiar faces.  The hummus is good and the kalamatas are always a delicious treat.  I highly recommend ordering the homemade pita (not on the menu) with your hummus or your pita sandwich....Haji's finest:)  The Greek salad leaves much  to be desired as it consists solely of iceberg with the usual Greek veggies.  Eat here for the sandwiches or plates, not the salads.  In the grocery you can get a variety of inexpensive spices, olive oil, fresh olives, feta and many other tantalizing treats.  And don't forget to try one of the many different types of Baklava that they make as you are checking out!!  My favorite is the almond or the pecan....yummm!
their baklava is to KILL FOR !!! Some of the best I've had, and I've lived in the Middle East- Crunchy, Sweet (without being too overbearing), Flakey and Buttery Rich!! Pecan (not traditional) is my fav, followed by walnut, almond and pistachio -- They should have a pine nut version (snobar) made with real lebanese pine nuts !!! mmmm

I limit myself to one piece, if I had it my way I would take the whole tray, but I want to fit through my front door so I'm keeping tabs!
This place is probably the cheapest middle eastern food in town. I love it. If you're on a shoestring (read ASU students), then you can have a meal here for under $5. I suggest the falafel sandwich (about $2.75, and filling) and maybe an order of babaganouj if you're looking for a complementary side. Delicious.
I managed to beat  the lunchtime crush of people heading to Haji Baba by about ten minutes.  I had already placed my order.  My plate of hummus and my yogurt soda was just arriving when I noticed the place was now packed, and a line of people was waiting for a table.

Two obviously out-of-town ladies sat at the table nearest me.  They used loud, awed, slightly bemused voices that hinted they were from the Midwest and had never been "out West" before.

"... couldn't BELIEVE the TRAFFIC!" one was saying as they sat down.  "We waited fifteen minutes on the street before we could even turn into the campus!"  ASU was having their Student Load-In week; traffic was hellish anywhere near the university.
"It was no better when we unloaded Nicole's things," the other woman said.  "We were right in the middle of carrying in everything, and a security guard stopped us an told us we couldn't --"
"Would you like something to drink?" the waiter asked, surprising them both.
They gave him their orders, after asking "what kind of pop" they had.  Definitely Midwestern.  The waiter walked away, and they continued staring at the menus as they assumed looks of deep confusion.
"What is ... shum ... shoe-marmy?"
"Shoe-arma?  Shuh, warma?"
"What IS that?"
"I have no idea.  But it comes in a sandwich."
"Like, on bread?"
"It says on a pita."
"Oh .... But isn't a pita a cracker?"
"What about ... baba gub .... Bana gaboosh?"
"Where?"  The friend pointed at the other's menu.  "Oh my.  Bagga boo ... goosh?  Excuse me?  Sir?"  I realized she was talking to me.  "Do you know what this is?"  She pointed at her menu.
"Baba gannouj," I said.  I kind of enjoyed the look of fear that crossed their faces, as though I were uttering a phrase that would summon a lesser demon.  "It's eggplant dip, kind of lemony.  Kind of like hummus.  You dip pita into it.  It's great."  As I spoke, I watched her eyes grow huge as she saw my glass of fizzy, thick white yogurt soda.
"I've never even HEARD of that!" the other woman said.  "What's this fluffoofal?"  
"Felafel," I said, and the fact that I avoided laughing then should earn me some kind of award.  "They're fantastic here, lots of great spices ... have you had felafal before?"  
They hadn't, of course, and I was at a loss to explain it.  I decided the shwarma or the gyros were probably too "exotic," so I recommended the chicken kebab pitas.  My koobideh plate arrived then, prompting another couple of baffled, wide-eyed stares.  I told them to be sure and get a couple pieces of baklava for dessert, since it's better, fresher, and half the price of anywhere else nearby.  They agreed, but I got the impression it was more due to the fact that they had heard of baklava before than my recommendation.

Judging by the yummy noises coming from their table as they ate, they enjoyed their kebabs.

I had to withhold a star, as much as I love Haji Baba, because it does not have the best shwarma I've found.  It's very, very good ... but not the best.
The cheapest and tastiest middle eastern food in Arizona. Period. There was a time I ate here 2 meals a day 3 to 4 times a week and I'm still in love 6 years later. 

Next to mahmoun's in NYC this is the 2nd best falafel I've had and the Gyro deluxe is freaking amazing. If you're coming for classy restaurant experience then what the hell are you doing at a market in a run down strip mall? The ambiance is that of an ethnic market/cafe which is awesome!
I have eaten at Haji's many times. The handmade pita is wonderful and the food is usually good. We have gotten the chicken shwarma, hummus, mixed paltter, gyros, olives, baklava, falafal, etc, etc. The thing that is a drawback for me is, well a couple: It is a restaurant on one side and grocery market on the otehr stide. The market is often cluttered and I am not overwhelmed by cleanliness. The other thing that really bothered me was the large jars of olives for people to serve themselves. I saw a guy reach into each of them with his hands and taste one from each jar. When I said something to him, he told me it was fine and basically blew me off. I thought it was disgusting and so I do NOT eat the olives! I have since taught myself to make a lot of my favorite dishes, but still love the bread. As far as handicap accessibility, I would have to look again, I know you must step up from the parking onto the sidewalk curb.

Update, I went there a couple weeks ago and everything was hot or cold as it should be and delicious!!!!! Yum, I am ready to go back!!!
Well I guess I'm going to be in the minority here and say that I was somewhat disappointed.  Not too much, but a little.

It is ridiculously inexpensive, and for the money, I thought the food was decent.  We started with the homus.  I didn't think it was great, but it was okay.  The pita bread it was served with was nothing special, similar to the pita pockets from any supermarket.  The Arabic bread my lunch was served with was much better, a soft flat bread.  I had the chicken shawarma plate which was served with rice and tabouli.  The tabouli was very good, although I don't much care for tabouli in general...or rice.  So I'm not sure why I ordered the plate instead of the sandwich.  Maybe I just wanted to see more food on my plate.  That sounds like me.  The flavor of the shawarma was good, but I was really disappointed in the chicken.  It was everything from larger chunks of meat to itty bitty little scraps, mostly scraps.  But again, dirt cheap so you can only complain so much.

We also browsed in the grocery part and picked up some packaged goodies and 2 pieces of baklava.  Probably some of the best baklava I have had!  They were out of the pecan variety, but there was also almond, pistachio, and cashew to choose from.  It was something crazy like a buck a piece.

Overall, I'm glad we went, and I would go again.  But I don't know I would go out of my way unless their dinner menu is different than the lunch menu, or I was seeking out the baklava.
Back when I was amongst the working class before the housing market crashed and builders still needed interior designers to do their model homes, we ordered a lot of lunches a lot of times (seriously, a lot) from Haji. Really, when you order that often, you can just call it Haji. You're free to take that artistic (or maybe culinary) liberty.

Everything I've had is good but I always lean towards the vegetarian choices and often would get the vegetarian plate (I think that's what it's called) with hummus, baba ganush, dolmas and tabbouleh. My husband loves their rosewater lemonade and often stops here to pick some up after the zen center on Sundays. If you haven't been in here, they're not just a restaurant. They stock all kinds of middle eastern grocery items. I even found some of my favorite Belgium berry and raisin filled biscuit cookies. I bought them all. I haven't seen them outside of Belgium. Belgium and Haji-Baba's. Go figure.
Absolutely my favorite place to eat in Tempe. Cheap prices for great food. Before becoming a vegetarian, my favorite thing to get here was the chicken shwarma plate - and although I have a huge appetite, I still was able to take plenty home for the next day. Now, a falafel plate or pita is the way to satisfy my hunger! Make sure to try their hummous and tabouli! Their baklava is unbelievably good - the almond and pecan varieties are my favorites. 

Be sure to check out the grocery section as well - super cheap bulk spices, rice, and legumes (lentils, etc); as well as lots of items necessary for middle eastern and indian cooking. 

In all of my years of eating here, I've only once had to wait longer than ten minutes for my food. Usually, it takes less than five, sometimes less than three minutes of time between when I place my order and when it's making its way into my stomach.The employees and servers here are some of the nicest people I've ever met. It only takes a few visits for them to remember you and your favorite thing to eat. I can't recommend Haji Baba's enough.
If you like Hummus, Falafel, Salad, Chicken, Lamb, Cheap awesome food, great middle eastern markets, tziki, or anything else good in this world.  Then go to Haji-Baba.  They have the best lunch specials.  Their falafel pita is probably the greatest deal in history.  I lived off this for a time.
A true diamond in the rough! I was very impressed by this restaurant, and also surprised that I had never even seen it. I'm not sure if the complex is new but its pretty well camouflaged. 

The food was VERY good. It came out in large portions and very quickly. They offer the usual Mediterranean fare, I ordered the Gyro plate, Georgeann G had the lamb tongue sandwich, and we each also had a stuffed grape leaf. The stuffed grape leaves we served hot (which was a first) but they were HUGE compared to others I've had. The Meat was cooked to perfection (the lamb tongue was surprisingly very tasty) and the sides were freshly prepared as well. 

Words of advice: go with the sandwich instead of a plate. The plate came with about 2 pounds of rice that was completely not needed (and the total price would've been much less if ordered separately). If you still want more, add a side salad or something.

The prices were very good and the service was nothing to complain about. It was hard to resist the baklava by the register, and we ended up taking a piece of cashew baklava to go (which was heavenly). 

I'm glad I've had a chance to check this place out, and I will definitely go back.
wow and wow. the restaurant lives up to all of the raves. i would return. again. and again as long as i keep visiting PHX + Scottsdale. I hope these folks never go out of business.
delightful hole in the wall. Have eaten here countless times, and the food is absolutely consistent, delicious, and amazing, regardless of when, or what you order. Waiters are great, funny, friendly, and remember your face. Prices are SO LOW and the food is SO SO SO SO SO SO good. I'm totally lucky to live near this gem!
I have to say, I've had WAY better middle eastern food. If it wasn't for the price and the fact that my significant other adores the place, I'd probably never eat here. 

The service has always been good, even when packed. Their pitas are decent and for less than $4 for an entire meal, you can't go wrong. However, their actual dishes have left much to be desired. 

I'm not a fan of their hummus, AT ALL. In fact I think it's bland and tasteless. Their garlic sauce is made with mayo which isn't my favorite. I personally think it's tastier when it's just mashed garlic. The chicken shawarma just didn't do it for me, however I have enjoyed the kafta plate on more than one occasion. Overall, it's not the worst I've had but definitely nowhere near the top of Middle Eastern restaurants in the valley.
If you're looking for middle eastern food in Tempe, this is a must. While the food can be slightly blander at times than some over-spiced alternatives the menu options are all delicious, the food has an authentic taste to it, and is packed with flavor.  Great venue and one of Tempe's cornerstones.
Was in town visiting friends and they wanted to take me here for a quick lunch. Cafeteria style place so don't expect anything special in terms of ambiance or chit chat from the servers.

Tabouli and lamb tongue sandwich were excellent, especially for the price. One of my friends ordered a plate and it was huge. I'd definitely come back.
As a newcomer to broadening my food horizons, and one who is on a budget, I found Haji Baba perfect for reasonably priced middle eastern food.  The attached international foods mini mart is also a plus.  Delicious chicken schwarma and great hummus.
This place had the cheapest and best falafil (that is how they spell it) pita of anywhere in town.

The falafel was moist, flavorful the lettuce was fresh and there was a copious amount of sauce to cover it. The pita was a bit thin but that can be over looked. At under $3 it might be worthwhile to get two. 

As for the hummous we had on the side, it was a great texture but a bit low on flavor. Make sure you order an extra pita and it comes with just one. 

We got the order to go so we did not really have any service to review.  

When you first walk in you are assaulted by the smells of many spices and many other alien things to most Americans. 

There is an attached small market full of spices, and exotics foods and flavored tobaccos for those under 21 who seek a vice. The counter is full of many types of balaclava and olives.

If you want a great falafel pita at a good price, be brave and stop in. Just leave your Pro Bush / Israel gear in the car.
Best middle eastern food I've ever had. 
grocery/ restaurant. 
Shish-kabob plate with a rosewater lemonade is my standby.
Amazingly cheap and great Middle Eastern food. Warm homemade pita bread. Buckets of feta. Trays and trays of bakhlava. There's really nothing not to love here. Do be wary of the lunch crowd though, as on weekdays, the place can get pretty busy, especially if you're dining in (though you can always takeout and it's just as easy and fast).
Maybe it's the midwestern in me, or maybe I'm just not very adventurous, because when it comes to middle eastern food, it don't have a clue as to what's what. But I've been to Haji Baba a couple times now and have not only found things on the menu I can identify, I found things that are really good!

1. their hummus is really good and their pitas are nice and fresh.
2. the chicken shwarma is also really good, flavorful without being weird.
3. I've never been a big falafel fan, at most places it seems really dry to me, but theirs is not dry, yet not greasy, has a good flavor and is complimented nicely with the tahini sauce.

On my last visit I ordered the falafel (three balls) and a side of rice. They gave me a huge plate of rice, more than I could eat. Between that and the falafel I was full and satisfied. 

And like everyone else says, it's cheap, which is always a bonus.
Don't let the appearance of this place fool you, they may be part of a grocery store, but they make good stuff.  they have a good chicken sherwama, that is crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  A good appetizer would be the dormades (rice wrapped in grape leaves), followed by the chicken sherwama plate and a cup of their nice and thick turkish coffee.  The plates comes with a generous serving of taboili, hummus, rice and meat.  For the price, its definitely worth a visit.  Can be crowded during lunch times.
I went here recently with some co-workers for lunch. I was very impressed. It is just a small hole-in-the-wall type place, those are the best. I ordered a chicken schwerma plate. Generous portion of marinated grilled chicken, hummus, delish rice and a heap of tabouleh. The food was great, fresh, hot and delicious. I also has a rosewater lemonade, what a treat!  My friends ordered the gyro plate and both were quite happy.
This is what happens when I go to Haji Baba: They give me a huge Gyro with TONS of delicious meat and HUGE chunks of feta cheese, a side of hummus, warm pita bread, AND a dolmade, I give them $6.  I really feel like I'm ripping them off, but it's not like intentionally stealing from them, I'm just paying what they want me to. And god I love them for it.

The atmosphere is... are you seriously concerned with the atmosphere at a freaking gyro place? Did you not read the part about delicious gyro meat and huge chunks of feta cheese? Well, it's slightly more upscale than a cart in the middle of the sidewalk. By "upscale" i mean indoors.  Sometimes they have tables and chairs for you to sit on, sometimes they put the chairs on top of the table so you don't. Sometimes they have servers to take your order, sometimes you have to order from the counter. It's all a crap shoot. What's not a crap shoot is that you are getting a heaven in a pita for less than $5. Freaking incredible.
Ok, people. This place is legit.

You walk in and are immediately inundated with a luscious mix of spice and sweet, and all loads of niceness.

You sit and you order off their double-sided laminated menu and you wait. You're hungry as hell and you've got a tenner burning a hole in your pocket.

And then they arrive and you squirm up until the first bite. Then, it's like an explosion of all things holy inside your mouth (That's what she said!).

Their hummus is amazing, feta cheese is da bomb! (I only use this saying in SER-ious situations), and, beyond the food, their service is primo.

Always smiling, the servers will answer your questions kindly, especially if you're a first timer or non-frequenter.

The atmosphere might seem a bit unorganized, but who gives a shit. This place has good food, and if you're coming here for atmosphere, you're not coming for the right reasons. The bathrooms are always clean, albeit tucked away oddly, but whatevs.

I've gone here with vegan and meat-eating friends alike, and all at once (ask me about it, it's quite a story), and we've all come out with both our faces and stomachs happy.

The one kicker: they only do take-out on Sundays. But don't let that stop you, and trust me, it won't. Go, and enjoy.

P.s. Their regular coffee (not Arabic coffee, a.k.a. mud in a cup) is damn-well near perfect if it's up to me. Straight without milk or sugar (and I like my sugar with coffee and cream, thank you Beastie Boys!), this coffee is delicious.
This is absolutely the best place to go for a tasty and cheap Middle Eastern lunch. Its lemonade is to die for, and its falafel is my favorite. Afterward, I always like to check out the market, and buy an exotic sweet. Its low prices, casual vibe, and proximity to campus make it a favorite of the ASU community. 

Tip: Buy a bottle of rose water and add a capful or two to your homemade lemonade. Mmm-mm.
Perhaps the greatest Little Middle Eastern market & restaurant in the valley! The Hummus & Lebni are to DIE FOR, the Lamb is out of this world and the Feta cheese may be the freshest I have ever experienced. My favorite Med. cuisine location by far. I love that I can Buy everything I have just eaten at the market next door and prepare it at home as well. Only One Issue, PARKING IS TERRIBLE during busy hours.  This is a MUST SEE for anyone seeking this type of cuisine! GO NOW!  P.S. Dont  know why this review shows up in 2 places, oh well this place is worth it!
Perhaps the greatest Little Middle Eastern market & restaurant in the valley! The Hummus & Lebni are to DIE FOR, the Lamb is out of this world and the Feta cheese may be the freshest I have ever experienced. My favorite Med. cuisine location by far. I love that I can Buy everything I have just eaten at the market next door and prepare it at home as well. Only One Issue, PARKING IS TERRIBLE during busy hours.  This is a MUST SEE for anyone seeking this type of cuisine! GO NOW!   P.S. Dont  know why this review shows up in 2 places, oh well this place is worth it!
If not THE, then one of the best chicken shwarma dishes I've had. Just the right degree of succulent and tender. And the garlic, yogurt sauce that comes with it is almost like crack. The jasmine rice was perfect in its softness and saltiness. Taboule was good and the pita was mmm..mmmm...good. Hummus was awesome too. Definitely going back to work my way down the menu. My friend who recommended it said she'd never had any bad item there. I totally believe her.
This place is a gem. The food is amazing. It's cheap. The service is good. My favorite part? The place never changes. I can walk through the door and Ali already knows my order. The Chicken Shawarma special comes with their hand-made pita - so soft and delicious. The chicken is seasoned perfectly and comes with a yummy little dollop of garlic sauce. I've never found better hummus in my life. I've had it all around town, in New York, in L.A. (ick...L.A. *shudder*). SO good! The iced tea has a hint of rose water. OH and the gyro? Hands down, the best in town.

Did I mention they have a market attached? Talk about the best price on spices in town! The spices come in little plastic sealed pillows, so get some spice jars from Ikea and stock up!

I couldn't get through this without mentioning the lamb tongue. I am no connoisseur of organ meats, but this sandwich is like the most tender lamb you've ever had in your life. Shut up and try it.

The only sad part about Haji's is that they close early. Usually 8pm on a week-night, but totally worth getting to-go orders if you can swing in on your way home from work!
Haji-Baba is a restaurant/grocery store. Very casual and modest place, all they care for is giving us good food.
When I think of good middle-eastern food in Arizona, Haji-Baba is what comes in my mind. 
Their price is very cheap compared to the quality of the food. I like their filafil sandwich n shawarmas. I also tried their combo plate which is like hmmm...hmmmm..hmmnnmm.. :) 
Anyone who craves for middle-eastern food should try it out.
This place is off the hook, the only reason Im giving it a 4-star is because one time they had some soda machine problem and didn't have the soda, service is not very welcoming, place doesn't really look like a grand restaurant. But other than that food is good..
The place is nothing special, you can even think there is nothing going on there as it is almost hidden. Once you are in, you still won't believe there is something worthy. Sit and try one of their gyros, hummus or the vegetarian combo! All tasty and well served. After that you can check and buy some interesting to impress your friends next time!
This place has excellent food, fantastic hummus, all in a great, casual grocery-adjacent atmosphere.  I recommend the tongue sandwich, so delicious and tender, but there's no bad item on the menu.  If you're looking for a place to eat, just stop reading reviews and go there now and get some delicious food. Seriously.
This place has really good and really bad aspects to it.  The good is that most of the food is pretty good.  The bad is the service/overall friendliness.  

The hummus, babaganoush, gyros,  feta (of various varieties) are all great.

The falafel isn't great -- dense & tough without a huge amount of flavor.

My mother refers to the service as like the Soup Nazi in Seinfeld... don't ask for any favors.  For instance, we went on Sunday at 4:30pm,  Yelp says open until 5pm, the door says open until 5pm.  We went to the counter and they say  "sorry we close at 4:30" (we were there at 4:32).  Out of the "goodness" of their hearts, they give us salad and falafel and hummus but nothing else.

Anyways, the food would get 4* the service gets a 1*.   I'll be generous and give 3*.
Haji-Baba is unique by being both a restaurant and a store! As such, the restaurant is fairly small- so if you're up for some delicious middle-eastern food on a Friday afternoon, make sure you arrive early!

The prices are good, the selection is better and the food is great! I ordered the falafel plate which came with 4 falafels, a side of hummus, and I subbed the tabooli out for a salad. The portion size was pretty big, so I left quite full, and it was all delicous! I'll definitely be going back soon!
This place is absolutely AMAZING!!! Not only is it ridiculously cheap, but it is incredibly delicious, as well! My boyfriend and I went the other day for lunch and ordered the combo platter and a side of babaganoush-$12 total-We were both extremely satisfied and we came home with a huge takeout box(that I have been munching on all weekend) This place is a GEM and you should definitely check it out! I cant wait to go back again this week! Mmmmmmm....soooo tasty!
Good, fast, cheap food!  The falafil was great, all ingredients tasted fresh, and as a bonus they have a great little shop attached containing lots of things you can't get at your local grocer, from tobacco to spices & desserts.
If you're a Tempe/Mesa native or an ASU student or alum, then you probably know Haji-Baba. I, however, am neither and only recently discovered this awesome place by way of a recommendation on Twitter.

Since then, I've been there five times and have tried nearly everything on the menu. The food is delicious! Seriously, there hasn't been one thing I've tried that I haven't enjoyed.

On my first trip, I ordered the combination. I highly recommend doing this if you've never eaten here before. This plate gives you a great sampling of what their menu has to offer and a generous portion at that. It's easily enough for two people and, at only around $12, a great deal too.

On my most recent visit, I had the Gyro plate; again amazing! A very generous portion served with a delicious salad, a side of rice, and I topped the meal off with an Arabic coffee.

Haji-Baba is not really a secret and the place will get very busy at lunch time. If you want to eat there, go for an early or late lunch, otherwise you'll have to wait for a table; it's worth it!

They have a large menu and great prices, and if you don't have time to stay and eat, you can order to-go from the counter.

The staff do a good job, but their food is so good, I'd still eat there if a server punched me in the face every time I walked in the door.

If you haven't tried it, you need to go there. If you have, then you know just how great Haji-Baba is.
This is always a good choice! Get there early for lunch since this place fills up fast and seating is at a premium. I have never had anything here that wasn't good and portions are large and are easy to share. Staff is friendly, service is quick and prices are very fair. The grocery store attached is awesome for picking up some of the harder to find ingredients one might need for North African or Middle Eastern cuisine (Israeli cous-cous being the one I always get here).
This is absolutely the best Middle Eastern food in the valley.  It is inexpensive and perfect every time.  Must warn you about the wait..... if you want to get back to work in time eat early like 11:00 if your not there before 1:00 it is standing room only...... you can get a little shopping done as well it is also a small market.
Dare I say "the best" gyros of all time. Yes... yes I dare say "the best"... the best indeed!! Absolutely Fantastic!!!
This is a fabulous restaurant, very casual and it gets busy at lunch time but the food is amazing. I highly recommend this place for something a little different, I have been going here for more than 10 years!
I was very excited to go to Haji-Baba for the 5-star company; I had a lovely Monday lunch w/Bacon Boy. As for the food, it was more of a 3-star mixed bag.

We started with baba ghanouj, which was quite good. I went on to the chicken schwarma, which I adore, but was more like a chicken pita sandwich than I care for. I expect it to be more of a wrap. The chicken was sproingy and there was a ton of lettuce, but the non-sproingy chicken and the garlic sauce were flavorful.

So, I guess what I'd say is that a 5-star friend can save a 3-star meal any day.
I go here alot because its delicious and super affordable. Great Middle eastern food. You know a restaurant is great if they can serve Lamb and it tastes fantastic! Some tips..
Go with the 'hand made pitas!
I had no lunch plans and was looking for a new spot. Now I must admit that this was before I had been turned onto Yelp so I was still relying on colleague recommendations. 

Having grown up on Middle Eastern food any opportunity I get to take down an authentic Gyro I won't pass up. So my buddy Dan and I go to one of his old local favorites Haji-Baba. 

I order the Gyro and fries and was blown away. The price was cheap; the meat was well seasoned and thinly sliced. I hate it when they slice it too thick.

All in all I had a great time the only reason why it didn't get five stars is it took a while because it was slammed during lunch. But if you work anywhere near ASU in Tempe and are craving a good Gyro don't think twice...Haji Baba.
What a great little restaurant!  It is nothing fancy and certainly caters to an eclectic bunch of people, which I think is great!  The service was quick and the food was delicious!  I will certainly be back to eat here!

The store area is quite amazing, too!  When I need spices of ANY kind, this is where I'm going!  The variety is amazing and it is SO CHEAP compared to what you pay in the grocery store!  I'm excited that I found this little place!
Mmmmm.... Love this place! Make it a point to go here every chance I can! The vegetarian combo is my fave. Staff is always nice and polite and right on it... even at their busiest! Had lunch there last weekend again with a good friend... and although he is not generally adventurous when it comes to something other than meat and potatoes this has become one of his favorite places too... Now if I can get him to try something other than the beef schwarma! : )  
The food is consistently good, service is always good and the market is fun to browse in after a great meal!
I've eaten here a lot, and it always delivers quality food. I think it's interesting that I can't find better middleeastern /mediterranean food at any price than this dirt-cheap half-grocery store. I rate all other falafels, gyros, shawarmas, etc. against Haji-Baba, and they never stack up. I frequently find myself saying, "it's good, but it's not Haji good".
My de-facto place for Arab food.

I've been here regularly for meeting up with friends and bringing out-of-towners in . The food is always consistently filling and  tasty with flavors. I either go for the gyro wraps or full plates if I'm truly hungry.  The wall art is an interesting mix of Roman and Egyptian architecture. The table seatings is a no frill setting. Service is minimal. But great value for the price. 

The restaurant is shared with a Arab mini-market. Plenty of parking and only about 200 feet east of the light rail stop. It's located on the same shopping strip as  Khai Hoan Vietnamese restaurant so coming here creates a choice dilemma for me.
The falafel is some of the best in Tempe.  The gyro sandwiches are cheap and solid. They have a gyro deluxe sandwich which comes with feta. Good times. Yes, the lemonade rocks too.
i've never been upset at haji. never. it's super casual, located inside a middle eastern grocery. the food is fantastic. best falafel in town, hands down. the service is quick and efficient and the same faces have been working there for a long time. 

the portions are large, the hummus is great and so is everything else. as a vegetarian, i can't comment on the meat dishes, but my carnivorous friends are never disappointed. me + haji = pure love.
First time visiting Haji-baba and it was great!! The hummus was awesome and the fresh pitas were amazing.  I ordered the Chicken Shwarma plate and a glass of mango juice.  The portions were great for the price. The food was extremely tasty. I will be going back for more.
If you have yet to come to Haji Baba's, then you may not know why almost everyone is in consensus that this place is the bee's knees. 
I have yet to meet someone who has came to Haji Baba, and been disappointed..in fact I hope i never meet that person, cause they probably suck.
HB is THE best place to get mediterranea/middle eastern food. It's fast authentic and cheeeeaaaaappp!
The gyros and falafel will run you about ohh idk $2-$3
Everything on the menu is under or slightly hovering around/above $10
you can come here on a beggars budget and feast like a Turkish Sultan!
conveniently located along the lightrail, deliciously prepared like your eating at your friends grandma's house, and so ridiculously affordable.
The market side of HB's is full of goodies as well, be sure to browse on your way out/in.
hands down "woohoo! as good as it gets!" *****
Price is right on and food is pretty good too...I have been to Egypt, Israel and Jordan and had better food there but this was close!   I thought it strange they had no fries though...usually falafel, which is what I had, has fries in the sandwich...the falafel sandwich was only $2.35 and filling; cheaper than a taco bell 7 layer burrito and twice a good!
If you are reading this today is your lucky day! Truly. I am an on again off again food snob. Maybe reformed. But no.
 I'm so sorry to do this. I wanted this place to be the Gem that I just found at the pho place next door. It was not! Sooooo, let me get to it. First BEWARE the "yogurt soda" . This is definately something you would have to spend alot of time with. It is exactly what it says it is. Imagine plain, unsweetened yogurt, you drop in plain, unflavored unsweetened soda water in and then add a tablespoon of salt. Sound good. Fuck no! And it is not.  Next.....!
 Falafel: Meh! The croquettes could have been crispier on the outside and definately need a lot more flovor to these heavenly middle-eastern balls of goodness. The pickle was actually the best part.  The pita is NOT MADE FRESH!! Some reviews say they are but I can tell you the pita's came from a bag.
 Gyro: Meh! The reason for the cone shaped meat loaf of lamb and beef is so the outside cooks quickly buy turning past extremely high heat and the inside stays moist as it is sliced away from the cone. In my Gyro there were no cooke meat ends, in fact it was just inside Gyro meat. I assume this is because they are busy and the outside meat was never given a chance to cook up again.....you see the inside becomes the outsude every slice of the way. I did not have nearly enough tzatziki, no cucumbers, no olive, no red onion. All essential in creating a tasty ass Gyro. I still contend that Jay's Gyros in Tempe are supreme!! 
Lamb Tongue Sandwich: Lettuce, Tomato, Tongue wrapped in a bagged pita!! Boring. Dry. The Lamb Tongue is served in the pita WHOLE. I thought it would be sliced but it was'nt. Two little lamb tongue's boiled with ZERO flavor.
Baba Gahnoush: OK.........
Hummus: OK.......
(Pita Jungle has a much heartier flavor on both items)
Baklavah: We have a winner!!!! Some of the best I have tasted in recent memory. That will be my reason for a follow up. 
I thought it was cool that they sold prayer mat's. The service is ok, nothing bad and nothing over the top.
Well, I guess I suck, but I can't figure out why anyone would eat here when Tasty Kabob is right up the street. In fact, I can't figure out why anyone would eat here, period.

Went for lunch. Crowded; we got one of the last tables. Good sign, right? My response to that is always, "McDonald's is always crowded, too."

The wall next to my head was covered in former customers' meal splatter. Experience tells me that if the dining area and bathrooms aren't clean, the kitchen is 10 times worse. I forged ahead, undaunted.

The food came, and things got worse. Overcooked kabobs so dry, I could not work up enough saliva to break down the proteins. Had to swallow large hunks of meat. Bland, oily hummus and baba gannoush. Iceberg lettuce drowning in dressing. The only edible item was a gyro. Service was glum and perfunctory. 

I'm convinced the main reason people eat here, as with Mickey Dee's, is the price point. $3.29 for a hearty gyro is pretty astonishing. But I'd rather save my pennies so I can go to a place with clean walls and appetizing dishes.
I was first brought here by a friend from Saudi Arabia many years ago.  He didn't question my selection of burger joints, I didn't question his selection of Middle Eastern Food.  What this place lacks in decor and atmosphere, it makes up in flavor.    You literally eat in the middle of a small grocery market.  Bizarre?  Yes.  A deal breaker?  Not when these flavors await.    

We got a mixed platter that gave us a little of everything, and it was all quite good.The two of us took quite a bit of leftovers home.  I've always had a good meal each time I've gone here and if they had better hours I would go more often. 

Tempe is Phoenix's hub for Middle Eastern fare, and Haji-Baba is one of the best.
I can't believe I never before wrote a review of Haji-Baba.  I've literally been going here with varying regularity for most of my life.  I have probably tried most of the menu and never ever had a bad experience, but will admit that I probably fall back on the falafel sandwich more than half the time I go to Haji-Baba.  It really is the best falafel in town.

Additional tip, pick up some decadent baklava (several varieties) or other freshly made Mediterranean pastries and a package of the best pitas in town, along with some other ethnic groceries on your way out.  My promise: you will be happy to know about this place once you try it out.
haji - baba is great.  great food quick service,  low prices.  hidden gem yet always @ capacity ....  a change from other pita / med plate center eateries.
Fast food prices for big portions of delicious Middle Eastern food. 

I can't speak for the authenticity of any of the dishes, but the taste and quality are consistent every time I stop by. 

Service is quick considering that there is always a line during lunch hours.
The first time I sank my teeth into Haji Baba's falafel sandwich, I knew that I had found a winner. Already being a big fan of Phoenecia, I was a little hesitant at first to try Haji Baba, but I had a feeling that I would like it so I gave it a shot. There are three things that you absolutely have to try, and they are:

The falafel sandwich.

The gyro plate.

The dolmas (stuffed grape leaves).

Like most of the reviews read, the falafels are some of the best around! They don't dry out your mouth and are loaded with flavor...not to mention that the sandwich is ultra cheap! As for the gyro plate, I have one thing to say...BEST GYRO MEAT IN PHOENIX! There, I said it. The meat is seriously succulent (you hear that about steak, not gyro meat!), no exaggeration. Just think of the best gyro meat you've ever tasted, but cut thick and served with some of the best tzatziki around. Remember to get the plate when you go and I don't think you will regret it. And lastly, try the dolmas. I say that because they are served here differently than any place in the valley that I've been to, and that is warm. Usually dolmas are served chilled and are brimming with strong sour and oily flavors, not these. Haji Baba's recipe is truly unique; it's mild, not sour and rich with flavor.  Get a small side of lebne to put on em and be prepared for your taste buds to do a little happy dance (not to be confused with the pee pee dance...taste buds don't pee).

There you have it! I finally, after years of going here, reviewed Haji Baba! Now, take it from me and the abundance of other reviewers and go here.
Oh, Haji-Baba, I love you.
The chicken shawarma plate is ridiculous.
The hummus? Perfection!
Your pita bread? Heaven!

My review, however, is based on take-out. I never eat at Haji-Baba. To me, HB is a place to grab a cheap, delicious lunch and take it back to the office to snack on throughout the day. The plates are so huge, they end up being all I eat all day. 
And my god, I could eat HB every.single.day!
Had the Gyro DLX and for $4.29 I couldn't have been happier. Generous size, thick chunks of lamb, lots of tzatziki & feta.
Loved it, I'd definitely go again!
Haji Baba, Haji Baba!  I've been wanting to eat here forever and finally had a chance. The dishes are delicious and provide a huge amount for a cheap price. I ordered the stuffed grape leaves that also comes with toubouli, hummus, and pita bread. It was so filling! The toubouli was made just right.  We ate in the actual restaurant, and the service was quick and the wait staff were polite and helpful (rather, sometimes they are polite and helpful depending...).  My friend ordered the Gyro with lamb and beef and said it was fantastic. The meat has slightly crispy edges with perfect spicy flavoring, based on what he had said.  We ordered baklava to go, and I'll definitely be back for more.  Apparently they don't make it there, but we still like it. 

The grocery store has some unique spices that are sometimes hard to find at regular grocery stores. There's also a take-out option.  However, I am not a regular and don't know any of the staff, so they weren't that nice when I was buying some groceries. Plus I am quite sure they overcharged me on the grapes. There was some discussion on price as two of the employees looked at me with frowning faces. What is that about?
Love everything about this place. Where else can I get my henna and get amazing food at the same time? I love the Arabic coffee and it was great, although it is an acquired taste. I almost want to laugh at the people in Pita Jungle every time I pass by there to come here. Big, soft pitas with delicious hummus. The falafel is moist and fried perfectly. All of my weird artsy farsty friends have been telling me to come here for some time now and I have to admit they were right. 

The jasmine rice is to die for, I had dreams about it later that night. The baklava comes in 7 different varieties and is always heavenly. On the other side there is a market and this place just screams home to me.
Can't. Stop. Thinking. About. Baklava.
Recently I received word that my favorite Middle Eastern restaurant Alladin's Kitchen closed its doors. This was, at least for me, the best place to get your Mediterranean fix including some of the tastiest stuffed grape leaves around. I can go on and on about how much I loved Alladin's but alas, I have to pick myself up and rise above this terrible loss. 

When a door closes a window opens and that window lead me right into the kitchen of Haji Baba. Situated along Apache Blvd in Tempe this spot is half restaurant and half Middle Eastern market and bakery, talk about a one stop shop. Upon entering, please feel free to seat yourself. On my visit there were menus already at each empty table. 

Scanning the menu the first thing I noticed was the Abali Yogurt Soda ($1.69). Having never tried this I was quick to get a glass full though the waiter seemed hesitant to bring it. Let's just say after the first sip yogurt soda is an acquired taste. While I liked the yogurt sourness the saltiness of the soda was way too much. Fortunately the waiter was observant and brought over a glass of iced water by his own accord. I have to tell you that the service here is attentive and friendly. 

The occasional juvenile in me snickered when I read the first item on the menu, Homos Tahini ($2.29), how appropriate. Joking aside, this was a beautiful puree of chickpeas, tahini or sesame seed paste, lemon juice and garlic. Usually this is served super garlicky elsewhere I was delighted to find this version to be well balanced and flavorful. Getting the same treatment as the homos, the Babaghanooj ($2.99) contains roasted eggplant instead of chickpeas. Both were dressed with olive oil and adorned with pickles and olives, were wishing for a glass of wine to compliment the appetizers, but they serve no liquor here.

Made from a mixture of fava beans and chickpeas, then pressed into patties and deep fried, the filling of the Falafil Sandwich ($2.69) was crunchy on the outside, creamy on the inside. The warm pita bread and the fresh lettuce and tomato made for really good eats, a must.

Kabob Koubideh ($7.49) sounds like quite a mouthful and let me tell you this, it was. Pounded ground meat marinated in onion juice, and then grilled to a juicy smoky excellence. The meat reminded me of a Middle Eastern take on chopped steak, sublimely tender. Along side was a huge pile of super light basmati rice, fresh hot pita and creamy yogurt salad. A sprinkling of sumac over the entire plate adds a slight sourness, which melds incredibly well with this type of food. 

Desserts are pretty much limited to Baklava ($1.29), but after such an amazing meal it was a real surprise that the sweet ending was a real disappointment. The nuts in each all tasted old with a slightly bitter rancidity to them. Selections ranged from pistachio, cashew and walnut with the later being the best, using the word "best" loosely. 

With meager prices, generous portions and outstanding service, Haji Baba will definitely begin to fill the void in my heart and my tummy.
Like Princess & Baiz Markets, this is a grocery store with a small cafe inside.  In this case, it's a nice cafe, with soft vocal music playing (in Arabic?), & you order from a regular menu at your table.

For this first visit, I just ordered a Gyro & a side salad from my friendly server.  The first absolutely amazing thing was the VERY LOW prices!  THEN, pretty soon, here came my order.  WOW! a full-sized dinner salad, & WOW!  Look at the size of this Gyro!  From there, it was on to WOW!  This is the best tasting Gyro I've ever eaten!  (In fact, it makes the short list of the best ANYTHING I have ever eaten!)

This stellar place rockets right to the top of my Middle Eastern "Favorites List", & I can't wait to go back!     :-))

Gyro $3.29, Salad $1.29!!!  Can you imagine?
I had been planning to visit this place for a while now, ever since it was recommended by Iain B several months back after my thoroughly disappointing experience at Chicago Gyros. I took the opportunity to have lunch here last Friday since the wife had an appointment at a tattoo place just around the corner, forcing us to drive all the way from Surprise. I was like "Holy sh1t, Haji Babas is supposed to be around here somewhere" while Google Mapping the tat shop location.

Now, I'm no stranger to dinge. I grew up in an "old" city, and Sydney and outlying suburbs has its fair share of dingy places, perhaps topped by Gould's Book Arcade in Newtown. First impression of Haji Babas is that it's a dingy, hole in the wall establishment. So far, so good right? Basically it's divided up into a mini ethnic supermarket featuring stuff like Cock Cola (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2GmGT-7QjowR1ihup3FbVA?select=1dl1l6baJJdY7q53V-V7uw) and Patak's, one of my favourite Indian marinade and grill sauce brands. Ibbida ibbida WHAT? Indian in an Arabic grocery? Yep, but that's not where the Indian surprises end - stay tuned! The other section has a selection of cheap tables and chairs, the likes of which made even the decor at Chino Bandido's look opulent by comparison. Still, I was quite comfortable with it all. We sat down and had a look at the menu. Lots of familiar stuff, so in order to make a good comparison with other similar places I've eaten at, I ordered the hummus dip and vegetarian platter.

First thing that struck me was that the initial babaghannoush plate was VERY good. Nothing beats the hummus/bbg from my home town's "Istanbul on King", but I'm going to say that this was probably the second best I've had - high praise from me - with lots of oil on top. The vegetarian platter was also quite good. It came with a side of raita, which was a little odd. No, it wasn't tzatziki. Although perhaps it was raitziki, or tzaita. The wife took one dip of it and proceeded to exclaim that it was the best raita she had ever had. I'd probably say that's true - it was just the right consistency, and had unusually large pieces of dill pickle in it. No, not cucumber. I did my cooldown test with the pita, it didn't get leathery (unlike Chicago Gyros') so another thumbs up there. I have two minor complaints, though. The dolmas were hot. I HATE hot dolmas, I don't know who invented the idea but all I've ever eaten for three decades in Oz has been the cold stuff. Never even KNEW they came in a heated variety until I arrived stateside. Perhaps the cold ones are an option, who knows. I'll find out next time I'm here. Because I'm definitely coming back. Last complaint, the falafels. They weren't as good as the Greek Wraps ones, and actually fairly salty. Strangely enough, my plate came with a small side of hummus, but it was different to what I'm used to - it had a yellowish tinge to it whereas typically it's a kind of off-white (added pinch of turmeric or saffron?) and the combo of falafels with it was a little too salty for my taste. Not enough to knock off a star though.

The wife had a chicken shishkabob with a giant amount of rice and salad - so much that she was stuffed and her plate didn't even look a quarter empty. Excellent value for money. I had a mouthful of her rice and would give it my vote for the most properly-cooked, fluffy basmati I've had in a LONG time. We did a once-through in the grocery area before we left and picked up some Patak marinades. And I couldn't leave without a piece of cashew baklava. Good, not the best I've had but pretty good. They have a couple of kid's chocolates up the front, the kid enjoyed that in the car despite getting half of it on his pants and the seat.

The prices are incredibly reasonable. I was seeing some things for three, four dollars. If it weren't for the fact that this place is almost 50 miles from where I live I'd eat here every few days. Why can't they open something like this in Surprise? We don't even have an INDIAN restaurant closer than eighteen or so miles away. You CenPho and Tempe locals should consider yourselves d4mn lucky.

Big thumbs up for Haji Babas. If the owners are reading this, set up another location in the west valley for pete's sake! I need to go back here and get a handle on the dips and tastes and stuff because evidently these guys are giving their own little spin to middle eastern cuisine, at least as far as my experience goes. If I'm still learning, that's a good thing. Next time I'm going to see what the difference is between their "pita" and their "hand-made pita". It's just unfortunate that it's going to be a very rare treat for me due to distance.
This place has a been favorite of mine since my ASU days and it doesn't get as good as having to travel to the Middle East for Shawarma, Falafel, Hummus, Kabobs, Kibbi, Tabouli Salad, etc. Haji Baba at times can be crowded but it is so worth the wait and their prices are super reasonable. After wards one can browse the adjacent market aisles of imported products from the Middle East, Asia and Europe. The front counter space area is filled with baklava, dates, candied fruits and other delectable sweets.
Now on my third time eating here since I found it a few weeks back and everything is amazing. I a big fan of homemade middle eastern food an have been spoiled with it because family and friends would make it (my grandpa made hummus, tabouli and falafel). this place does it right. I have tried the gyro, kifta, hummus, tabouli and more and it has all been great. 

My true judge of a mid-eastern place is the hummus since I love it and have been making my own for as long as I can remember. This stuff is great right combo of flavors and good bread to boot. My only knock is it's a but creamier than I like and a bit less garlic(but I love super extra garlic so I can't hold that against them). Overall it's just right and I will devour it. 

The meats are all flavorful and moist (especially rare with most other gyros). The tabouli is a nice mix of greens and wheat with a ton of fresh flavors.

Plain in simple if you like mid-eastern food go here you won't regret it. Try the combination meal and get a bit of all the good stuff.
Ever since the wife got a tattoo just up the road from this place, giving us an excuse to eat here for the first time (see my original review), I've been jonesing for more. Fortunately, she booked in for another tattoo a couple of days ago which gave us another excuse to travel the 45 miles and have another bite at the Casa la Dinge. Unfortunately, the way the day played out meant that I headed in to Tempe with her, then had to kill about three hours waiting for her tattoo to be completed. During this time I met some friends and because I was starving I wound up having a quasi-lunch with them at Slices Pizza at the cnr of 6th and Mill. Doh! The wife wouldn't have tolerated me doing Haji Baba's with them because SHE wanted to join me at HB for a late lunch. I thus had two lunches on the day, but because I wasn't too hungry after she and I arrived at HB, I had to make do with a couple of appetizers. I ordered the Foul Mudammas, the falafel and the yoghurt soda. The soda made me shudder at the unexpected taste, but I did manage to strangle down about half of it, with a face that probably appeared to onlookers as though I was being cornholed with a pineapple. Reminded me a lot of salt lassi, except this was saltier. Basically like drinking salty melted butter out of a bag of Orville Redenbacher. The wife grimaced at her first swallow, then came back a few minutes later for another go-round (that's my girl!) I can see why the damn stuff is popular - in a Warheads-candy sort of way. The Mudammas was pretty good, but my gut was quite full by this time and I didn't even finish the falafels. Oh well. Wife had the chicken kabob, same as last time I think - the plate was overloaded and the food was delicious, once again.

After we finished I started with the usual wandering up and down the aisles looking at the weird foods and their names. Wife said she needed to hit the restroom. About a minute later she was back, with sort of a guilty wan smile on her face. I was wondering whether the crapper was out of order or something else funny had happened. I was wrong. Apparently the previous occupant had dropped a couple of foul mudammas of his own in the bog, and the stench was so rancid that my wife threw up almost all of her meal. I kid you not. She said she struggled to hold her breath but in the end, blammo. By this time I was doing the potty dance as well and with more than a little trepidation went to the restroom. I sniffed (WHY?!) but the smell had cleared out by now and it was tolerable. However, the toilet fixtures themselves were disgraceful. I took a couple of photos of the faucet (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2GmGT-7QjowR1ihup3FbVA?select=R-J7WlBAZ7cGGRMTetoRxA), and the string holding their mirror above the sink (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2GmGT-7QjowR1ihup3FbVA?select=DkWNs54J3xmfmZ1KHX2CbA). If they're going for realistic Arabic slum atmosphere and decor at this place, congrats - they hit the mark one hundred percent. Please, DON'T go into the restroom if you visit this place.. you'll spend the rest of the day, like I did, wondering if the kitchen fixtures look the same. Spoiled the experience for me, and there's NO reason they can't renovate such a tiny room and make it at least a little more passable. Made the shitter in "Trainspotting" look like the jewelry counter at Harrods.

Three stars (two knocked off for the state of the restroom, and I'm not counting the stench/vomiting incident in this demerit), and my brief addiction has been broken. I probably won't go here again since it transcends even my fairly liberal, old-city standards of cleanliness. Cheap food, good tasting, generous portions, I didn't get food poisoning, and the cashew baklava was awesome, but next time we're in town I'll probably go back to Slices Pizza or look for an alternate Middle Eastern fix. Then again, Greek Wraps is closer and just as tasty. And no, owner of Chicago Gyros, they didn't pay me to say that. Seacrest out.
I just had their gyro dinner and was very happy with the food.  It tasted good and was reasonably priced.  Didn't take very long for takeout either.  The hummus was kind of bland though, and they didn't give me much pita to go with it.  Hand made pita was very good.
I have been coming here for 20 years and I have never had a bad meal. This place is incredible. The prices have hardly changed in all these years. The food is super fresh and very authentic. They also have a grocery store located in the same building with everything you could want and imagine from middle eastern food, beverages and spices. They're big gyros sandwiches are around 3 dollars.
I always stop over here when I'm in Tempe,  you can't be the prices! The hummus, gyro, tabouli have all been great.  My friend and  usually waiter, Ali even convinced me to try the Turkish coffee, that was good.  The baklava counter is always irresistible at checkout.  I'm going to have to visit soon.
This place is delicious! I always bring my friends here and they all love it. The chicken shawerma plate is the BEST and the hummus is so heavenly. I'm drooling just thinking about it right now.  Their food is so authentic and I haven't found a place like this yet.  The best part is that it's so affordable for starving college students.
You don't need to break the bank to fly to the Middle East when Haji Baba is right around the corner. Unequivocally this is the best restaurant and everything on the menu is superb.  The overwhelming spicy aroma encompasses you and you really do feel like you have found yourself in a 'whole new world' (as Aladdin would say).  It almost leads to you believe that you just might have a magic carpet out front waiting to fly you home.
 
Something about Haji Baba stirs up thoughts of romance... maybe its the lamb tongue sandwhich or the hummus platter.  Either way, be careful who you choose to dine with... you might just end up finding true love. 
 
Don't forget to browse the attached Middle Eastern grocery store for all your sardine and pickled onion desires.
I've only eaten in the restaurant part of this place once several years ago but was looking to buy black Cardammon to use in making this home-made hard liquor based hot sauce that I read about in the Jan/Feb 2011 edition of Saveur magazine (number 25 of the 100 items identified as chefs' favorites), referred to as boozy hot sauce (I had something like it in Okinawa in November, which the locals make to put on their noodles, it was amazing). The prices on the spices were amazingly cheap and I bought several other spice items for when I do Indian based cooking (lentils are good for you but man they need some spices to taste interesting).

I had the good fortune to talk with the owner of the establishment. He told me the prices are so affordable because he deals with ethnic clientele  who use lots of spices and simply will not pay the sort of prices one sees in most stores. However, he assured me that he buys his spices in small batches (like 5 pounds) and then breaks them up himself and he checks everything when it comes in, if it doesn't smell fresh he sends it back and noted that he has a large base of customers that just buy from him for the spices. 

My challenge, of course, is I don't know much at all about Middle Eastern cooking but if you are going to do it, this seems the place to buy the ingredients.
The Gyro is to die for... and the hummus has a wonderful flavor, though lighter on the garlic and lemon than I would usually like. I can't wait to go back and try the chicken shawerma and other offerings.
Bring yourself to this place. Your taste buds deserve it. 

The hummus and aioli make you want to spin in your chair. 

The chicken shwarma is fit for a King, both in taste and portion. 

The lemonade and baklava are fresh and delicious. 

A list of eclectic and cheap starters to invigorate your palate. 

I'm visibly heart broken that I don't live down the street from Haji's anymore. 

This is as good and as cheap as it gets. 

The waiters are characters too. Bring a date. Impress them with your worldly food tastes. 

I could keep going. I love this place.
I can understand why this restaurant is a hit with the ASU crowd: its proximity to campus, accessibility by light rail, low prices. The hummus appetizer alone, a generous serving at less than 3 bucks with hot pita halves, could be a heavy snack or a light meal. The very inexpensive sandwiches vary in quality: I found the falafel to be really good, the koubideh was OK, and the beef shawarma was dry and lacking in flavor. The tabouleh was a bit too acidic for my taste and would probably have been better if more bulgur were added.  Waiting time at dinner depends on the size of your group. When I came with a larger group, we had a long wait, but seating was prompt when I came with just 2 friends. Overall, my dining experiences here were OK. For food quality, I consider the nearby Cafe Istanbul to be a better choice; but for price, this is the place to go.
YUM and super cheap!
Go for the food and you won't be disappointed, great middle eastern dishes served up nice and generously whether you get it to go or for dining in.  I went here and ate in and there was initially no one in the restaurant but me and then it quickly filled up with people. So I know that this is a neighborhood spot. The gyros and tzatziki sauce are very good but so is the hummus, falafel, kibbi and shwarma.
The food here is awesome but be prepared to pay the lamb dish I ordered was delicious but only had 4 medium size pieces of lamb I would say two people dining is going to cost at least50.00 dollars it's a place I will return when I have a craving for indian cuisine .
I can't believe I have never reviewed this restaurant.  If you like middle eastern food then you are missing out if you have never eaten here, seriously.

We have been coming regularly for over 12 years.  One of our all time favorite restaurants.  We almost always bring company in town here.  The food is amazing.  The cost is so cheap!!

Always order the same thing... Vegetarian combonation plate.  Comes with 2 stuffed grape leaves, 2 falafil balls, babjanoush, tabouli and yogurt salad.

For the appetizer we always get Lebni and the plate is literaly licked clean.

I can't encourage you enough to order hand made pita bread with all of your items.

My husband and kids also love the chicken and beef schwarma as well as the chicken kabobs.  They always order the carbonated yogurt soda- yuck!!
The Shawrma wasn't the best. I don't believe it was off the rotating skewer, as it tasted like grilled chicken. 

The ground meat however was delicious. I had all their meats, and chicken by far was my favorite. It was very juicy and flavorful!

For apps, I order the Hummus and Lebni. The Lebni, was plain and excellent. 

Great place, there is also a nice grocery store as well.
Ok, there's not much I can say that over 150 reviews haven't already said... so I'll keep this brief.  

Tasty hummus and pita - check
Delicious gyro sandwich - check (pickle was new to me but tasty)
Amazingly good lil baklava treats - check 
Great prices - check check check (under $10 a person)

You get the picture... everything was delicious and prices are super.  I have a feeling that this will be a new regular joint for the roomie and me.  We love great food at great prices.  (And the baklava alone is reason to stop in for a quick treat - even if you're not hungry!)

See ya there!
Awesome!  Our new "go" to place for middle eastern food.  Much, much better than Baiz Market.  Also, extremely cheap.  We had the koubeh and kibbedeh plates, along with sides of foul, falafel, a yogurt soda and two orders of baklava to go for the amazingly small sum of $27.  How are you going to beat that ?   Due to the unexpectedly huge portion sizes, we ended up taking most of it home.  Everything was delicious and the service was very fast even though it was packed.  

Head and shoulders above every other middle eastern place I've eaten at in town.  Highly recommended.
Excellent Middle Eastern food. Superb prices. Associated with a great grocery. Whatever you need to make your favorite mid east dish is here. Multiple choices for baklava. Great beef shwarma...hard to find and done well here. Good choice for lunch. Busy atmosphere. Basic table/chair configuration but not uncomfortable.
Two words:  Chicken shawarma.  

That is definitely not an original thought when it comes to this place - but it is that tasty!

I am one of the most picky eaters in Phoenix and I am usually very much about "atmosphere" - but this place ROCKS.

If you are new to the valley (can't imagine another scenario where you wouldn't have been here already) you MUST GO!
Three words:  food borne illness.  Frankly, their food isn't tasty enough to warrant the risk.
Love, Love, Love this place! Authentic middle eastern food and it is dirt cheap. Our family of 3 always eats for less than $20.  My favorite is the gyro delux sandwich, the feta is fresha nd sharp and there is a TON of it on the sandwich. The labne is usually made fresh every day except sunday. The homeade pita bread is warm and fluffy. There was one time we ordered chicken and it wasn't cooked all the way through so that would be my only gripe about this place. This isn't an upscale scottsdale d-bag place, this is a simple, fast, and friendly place to get your grub on.
One time, of many, I had lunch at Haji's by myself.  I had the best lunch ever and ordered a Turkish coffee.  That was theee best cup of coffee I ever had.  I mean I felt like I had traveled a million miles away.  Seriously!  I felt like I was in the middle east.  and you'd think that a cup of strong Turkish coffee would have had me bouncing off the walls for the rest of the day.  Baby PLEASE!  I went home and was knocked out for the rest of the afternoon.  Just a lovely, lovely food experience.        ..... and I love to buy my ME groceries there too.
The shawarma melts in your mouth. The dolmas fall apart under the fork. The kibbeh is moist and nutty. And to top it all the baklava is mildly sweet and you can actually taste the nuts and cardamom. Best ME food period.
Better than the pita jungle falafils.  Kinda weird with the grocery store/restaurant thing butgood food.
The ambiance was a little concerning. It was pretty dirty and there were tables unbussed. Still, the food was exceptional. 

You NEEEEED to try the Rosewater lemonade. The hummus was great, and the lamb shish kabob was mouthwatering.
I used to go here a lot. The owners still know my name when I pop in on the occasional shopping visit, which I love. The only reason why I don't go more often is lack of funds.

I am in love with their chicken shwarma and chicken kabobs.  I don't eat red meat, so I cannot comment on their beef dishes, but my son LOVES them. I always order their Arabic coffee.  It's not Turkish, as some people have written.  Turkish coffee is made with a different spice, but the technique is the same. Either way, I love the Arabic coffee here.

I would give them five stars, but their hummus can be too salty at times. Maybe they are using canned hummus, don't know and I hope they don't.  Also their tabouleh usually is dripping with lemon and that's too much for me. The bulgur should soak up just enough to flavor and still be dry. 

Here you will also find a great, but quaint, grocery store. Their pricing is awesome and I love the selections of spices, herbs and teas. Their feta is fresh and priced so well that I refuse to buy it anywhere else. They also offer various kitchen items that are priced very reasonably as well.  I've bought my tea and coffee sets from there and my cutting boards. They have a good, not huge, but decent selection of shisha also. This is my one-stop-shop for my Middle Eastern groceries.
A great place my wife and her friends alerted me to. Tucked away in a market, this place services excellent middle eastern food.  

I order the gyro platter.The plate is huge and comes with a huge salad, large amount of rice and gyro meat.  I couldn't get enough of the rice. This is my second favorite rice after Moby Dick (east cost) My only complaint is you receive only a small ll piece of flat bread to go with the meal.

I also appreciate the large water glass and not a small glass that requires several refills over the course of a meal.

Payment is done at the market register.

You receive excellent value for what you pay for. A meal for two will cost about $15 (or less) 

I will be going back to this place again and again!
Excellent food at a very reasonable price! Fun atmosphere. Get there early...it fills up fast!
Gyros Sandwich under $4, that's my kind of a meal. I think it was a beef and lamb combo with lettuce and yummy tzatziki sauce, wrapped in scrumptious pita bread. I also ordered the hummus, which was $2.50 - not worth it in my opinion. I think the flavored hummus at grocery stores taste better and it'll be less expensive too. Haji-Baba is definitely a hole in the wall, with little fruit flies and flies buzzing around, but the taste is great, and the price is fair.

Note: If you want to eat at the restaurant, just have a seat at any table on the right hand side and a waiter will come with menus and take your order. If you want to take it to go, then go straight to the register and they'll take care of you.

After you finish eating at the restaurant, bring that little receipt stub left at your table to the cash register, and they'll ring you up. :)
Their food is amazing -- all of it.  Love the gyro, veggie combo, greek salad, shawerma, falafel, baba ganoush.  Make a point to order the house-made pita instead of the Armenian bread.  Always great service.
I'm also a big fan of the grocery store part of the joint.  You just have to try one of their baklavas -- walnut, almond, pistachio or cashew -- all divine.  Fab for tea and spices, too.
Definitely my favorite middle eastern cuisine in the Valley and I was reminded again yesterday. Sad but I always get the same thing: Chicken shawarma plate. You can't go wrong with this and It comes with so much food including rice, to-die-for hummus, a pita and tabouli all yummy and at excellent value too.

The ambiance is nothing to write home about, that is why I take away one star. Part of it is a grocery store with some really great ingredientes you can't find anywhere else, which is cool but can be awkward if you are trying to order take out and someone is checking out their grocery cart full of items in front of you. The food and price more than make up for the lacking ambiance.
There's a reason why Yelpers are singing praise for Haji-Baba.  The few skeptics must have not taste for good food or must come from Middle Eastern families and hate anything not cooked by their mothers and grandmothers.

Haji-Baba is one of the better Middle Eastern eateries I have had the pleasure to try.  Not just in Tempe but anywhere (including NYC and Toronto).  I had the shish kebab plate that included generous portions of rice and salad along with the chunks of lamb.  It came with a pita slice too.  

It's an unorthodox place.  You're given a ticket that you present to the cashier.  Anything you may purchase from the grocery side will be added.  If you cook you might enjoy the wide variety of spices and other items for sale.  They even sell a few edibles from Croatia and Serbia.

Be sure to try the baklava.  They have a few varieties.  I tried the Queen Baklava and it was fantastic.  One of the best I've had.
Try their Chicken Swarma plate! Try their chicken Swarma plate! 

OK now that you know that I have to say this place is good. I might be overrating it a little bit since their beef Kafka is dry but their Chicken Swarma is great! The best I've had outside of the middle east. The prices are low, the service is adequate, and the food is great. Be sure to pick up some baklava or other dessert on your way out.
My husband and I have been going here for a few years now. It is one of our favorite places. Really low key, affordable, amazing food! Between the 2 of us our bill is never more than $10 and we are always stuffed! I love how casual it is and the humus cannot be beat!
2 stars - I've experienced better, many times. Anyone who reads my reviews may come to the conclusion that I eat out just so I can write bad reviews. I assure you this is not the case. I always want to be wowed when I go to a restaurant. Nothing is more of a let down than mediocrity during the sacred dining hour. 

In a nutshell, it's a neat little place and our service was very good. Nothing was horrible. Appetizer was quite tasty, but the pita was flimsy and had no taste to it. Entree was OK, but the little bubble gum size, chewy chicken is disgraceful. Not appetizing at all, pushed it all to the side.

Arabic (or Turkish) coffee was good, but done too quickly. It's supposed to slowly rise to the top 3 times before being served. I know, you're busy and it's a pain in the ass, but that's how it's done, and tastes much better when cooked properly. Also should have had more cardamom and sugar, but that's probably just my personal taste.
Love love love this place.  Tasty with great prices... who can beat that?  My newest thing is to order a gyro-to-go and enjoy it at home.  I'm a mom now so eating at a restaurant is a lot harder than it used to be. haha

See ya there!
I've ate here a couple of times, after many recommendations from several friends. The food is awesome with a price to match. I love the gyros and swarmas. My first swarma was in when I was stationed in Jebel Ali. This is about as close as it gets. Definitely a must try, if you already havent.
Falafel sandwiches here are tasty, filling, and cheap. Really, it is the best value in all of Tempe. Super affordable, and the falafel are quite tasty. I've had better falafel other places, but this place comes pretty close to being the best. 

Also, I love their different varieties of baklava. Almond is my favorite!
After being hungry for this place for 8 months, I finally made it back here today, joined by friends Arlin B., Robyn N., Norm R., & Mike C.  I had a regular gyro, a good sized square of kibbee, & a salad with Middle Eastern dressing (of course!).

The gyro in particular was still the most amazing one I've ever eaten, except for the last time I was here!  My friends carped about this & that & the other thing, but for ME, & what I eat here, this place ROCKS!  We're talking amazing food at amazingly low prices!     :-))

BIG Gyro $3.69, kibbee $1.99, regular dinner salad $1.29!
Great Gyros & baklava authentic Indian market as well.  Hidden Gem here, great place for lunch, cheap prices to boot.
I was joined here today with Robyn N.,Norm R.,Arlin B., and Rand H. and this is one of those places I have heard a lot of hype over the great food with great prices. well the only thing I really liked was the Gyro and it was real good.The kibbee one star the meaty egg roll two star and the thing wrapped in grape leaves one star.The place is also very blah!!! I as well would rather eat at the near by Cafe Istanbul.
I was with a friend for random chase for Mediterranean cuisine, and we ran into this little grocery store/mini restaurant.  Chicken gyro for $4 is unheard of these days.  The size of the gyro is almost like a burrito and is extremely filling.  The full plate comes with the meat, plenty of rice, hummus, and salad for just $7.  The tastes are very flavorful and authentic.
The BEST chicken shawarma in AZ hands down.  I started my Haji love affair in college, and have introduced many friends to this charming little hole in the wall over the years.  The ambiance is not great, but the food more than makes up for it.  They are crazy that they are still this inexpensive, where else can you get a gyro for under $5?!  I always get the same thing tho, the chicken shawarma.  It comes with a big plate of rice, hummus, taboule, and garlic sauce.  O.m.g. good.  Bonus that I get to also do a lil grocery shopping on my way out.
I am so glad I found this place because I no longer have to make baklava when ever I get the craving. Yes I know there are places to get baklava around Phx but they were either too soggy, too sweet, too sugary, too stale, etc. Something was always wrong. But this place is definitely a diamond in the rough. They have a basic selection of middle eastern food like the sherwarma and the kabobs, which are all very tasty and well prepared and much cheaper than the Persian Room (I'm not the biggest fan of the Persian Room bc its just not worth the drive and money unless you are on a date and trying to impress someone). They also have a great selection of baklava like almond, pistachio, cashew, walnut, and the princess which is think is a combination of all the nuts. Regardless of what you get, you will be happy (both mouth and wallet). 

The downside is that since it is in a grocery store, its a bit crowded and sometimes the wait can be a bit long, but I don't really mind the wait bc I know everything is fresh and prepared when ordered.
I'm sorry to say this but this business has gone done in the past few years.  I used to eat here *regularly* when I attended/worked at ASU (00-05).  It was always busy and the service was authentic and the food was authentic (at least all my engineering middle-eastern friends would say). Their hummus was outstanding and this place introduced me to my favorite dish, lamb kefta.  So I was in the neighborhood yesterday and decided to re-live that experience.  They still use good pitas, but the kefta was not how it used to be (they don't even offer lamb kefta anymore, just ground beef!).  The hummus was good, but it lacked the clean taste of a good oil (they may have gone cheap and used canola oil instead of evoo).  The kefta sandwich was soggy and loaded with the lowest quality lettuce I've seen in a while.  I did grab a few market items (always have been reliably stocked), but I was very disappointed with the food.  Let me add that when I used to go there, this place was always busy w/ middle easterners - both as clients and as the servers.  Now, it's nothing like that (it's all non-middle easterners).  I'm just thinking it's lost its authenticity, ergo the change in customer demographics.
I've been eating here since I first moved to Arizona in the '90s.  There was a time I worked nearby and had as many as 3 lunches a week here.  The quality has never varied.  This is also my daughter's favorite restaurant and the place she picked for her birthday dinner last week.  Gotta like that since they are so inexpensive.

The hummus and hand-made pitas are the best in town. Forget town.  They are the best I've ever had.  I'm speaking as someone who has eaten  his fair share of pitas, from Connecticut to NYC to CA and AZ.   YOU MUST REMEMBER TO ORDER THE HAND-MADE PITAS.  They cost a little extra (some like .25 if I remember correctly) but are worth every penny.  I can't even eat the non-handmade pitas after having them.  If you order a sandwich, make sure to request them.  You'll thank me later. 

I've had pretty much every meatless item on the menu, and everything is good.  The vegetarian sampler plate is my usual choice, but the falafel sandwich and dolmas plate are also very good.

Make sure you order the hummus as an appetizer.  The lebni is also good but if you order both, you'll have leftovers.  

I generally order way more handmade pitas than I need and take the leftovers home. 

They also have a grocery selection, including olives and feta cheese.  I stocked up on baked giants beans in tomato sauce last week.  They are perfect with those pitas.  

Go now, get the hummus and pitas, and yell me I'm wrong. 

It is also the perfect place to take a group to lunch.  None of this asking for separate checks here.  You'll also never wait for a check.  They give you a slip after you order, you bring it up front and tell the cashier which items are yours.  Honor system.

Nice people, too.
consistently fresh and delicious. You can call ahead for pick up and have your order in under 10min. If you're going for take out i recommend that you order your Feta when you arrive instead of as a side order (they have a dry goods market inside w/ deli). 
Also... LOVE, LOVE, LOVE their coffee. you can buy it by the lb in light, medium, or dark roast. DO NOT have it ground if you don't like super fine grinds. 

7yrs of eating there weekly and I miss it dearly already.
This is by far the BEST Middle East restaurant i have ever been to.
I have read a lot of good reviews of this place and it lives up to it.
The hummus is simply superb, it with the bread melts in the mouth. and I had chicken shawarma which was delicious.

The service was fast and courteous.
I moved from San Jose , CA and with the restaurant options up there i had hard time finding good ones here in Tempe.
Well here is one i love to go over and over again.
I rediscovered Haji Baba recently, after eating here years ago and remembering it for having great, reasonably priced Middle Eastern food.  Coming here again, I am sad I didn't come here sooner after moving back to Arizona!  The chicken shawarma is to die for.  Perfectly grilled chicken is complemented with moist fluffy long grain rice, fresh tabbouli, excellent hummus, and an exquisite whipped garlic sauce.  They have some of the best hummus I've had since moving back here.  I've also been happy with their kibbee dish, which is kind of like the Middle Eastern version of meatloaf.  Food is prepared quickly, and while they do charge $.50 for any soda refills, I don't mind so much as long as they keep making that divine chicken shawarma.  I've also tried their vegetarian combo plate, and while I appreciate the enormous amount of food and great variety they give you with this dish, I think their main forte is in their meat dishes.
Great food and service. A awesome hole in the wall joint. Chicken swarma is excellent.
i recommend making the people you go with order several things so you can have a bite of everything.

everything is good. so good. 

i think the gyro meat was my favorite, their pitas are so fluffy and soft... like little cushions from heaven sent to earth with the sole purpose of harnessing that delicious meat. 

i can't even remember everything we had but i know i liked every bite and you will too. we had like 3 days of left overs as well, but we went a little over board in our ordering.
Sit on side if busy. Henna is of okay quality but I would not use it again on my hair, instead use the body quality henna on your hair. The Arabic coffee is a great treat before or after your meal, so thick and chocolatey.  I hate Pita Jungle and places like Haji's is why!

It can get kind of loud with people running their mouth and the place being so small with sounds bouncing off of the walls, but if you bring enough people with you to strong-arm a big enough table you are set to at least be comfortable.
I've been to Haji-Baba's a couple of times now and I must say... my visits have not been met with consistency in the quality of their food.  

Haji-Baba is SUPER popular as you can see by the Yelp reviews of this place.  The main reason for their popularity I think is due to their prices.  Their prices are almost ridiculously low for the portion sizes you get when compared to other Mediterranean ~ Greek type of restaurants. 
    
I did find something I liked at Haji-Baba. I recommend you try their Gyros.  It's a really good Gyros and is one of the best in the Phoenix metro.  They don't shave their Gyros meat like at the other places.  They cut their Gyros meat off in long chunks, different sizes.  This adds another level of "delicious-ness" when compared to Gyros at other locations.  

They OVER STUFF their Gyros with meat, a small amount of tomatoes, red onions and pickled wild cucumbers with some tzatziki sauce.  The pickled wild cucumbers were unexpected and a nice change from other plaecs that serve Gyros.  My Gyros needed a bit more tzatziki, but my server was slammed and forgot it, oh well.

As for everything else on their menu ~ meh, I've had better.  Their dolmades, rice and kibbee all tasted old and over cooked.  The shawarma and falafels also tasted over cooked and were very dry for my liking.  

Restaurant location and condition~ 2 to 3 stars
Service ~ 3 stars
Food ~ 2 to 3 stars (except for the Gyros which are 4.5 stars)
Prices ~ 5 plus stars

I'm looking forward to going back for another Gyros and maybe I'll try their hummus and/or a Greek salad on my next.  Hope to see you there.
I feel like the Haji-Baba experience is a coming of age one for Yelpers, and now I can join the club!

I came here today for lunch with Jon S. and our friend. We were quickly seated at a table in a mostly full dining room. Got our menus and our server came by soon enough to take our drink orders. Per other yelpers, I had the Turkish coffee with some water. Jon S. ordered some babaganush (btw excuse my spelling for this whole review, their menu isn't online so I have no idea how to spell these things). HEED THE ADVICE OF THOSE who say splurge the extra 30 something cents and get the handmade pita. It is worlds better than what you would get otherwise. 

So we munched on the babag and pita and decided what to get. Our friend had been there once before and she got one of the veggie sandwiches, and because there's so much on the menu, Jon and I each got the combination plate. Not too long after, everything came out pretty quickly and hot. Even though I looked at what came with the plate, I had no idea what I was eating so I took it one item at a time. 

Gyro meat = BOMB. mmm it was so good. 

Not-handmade pita bread = disappointing after having the homemade 
version. 

Kibbi = I would compare it to the American meatloaf. It was a loaf that was tasty but a little dry. 

Falafel = I was full when I got to tasting he falafel, but I really liked it. 

Fried egg roll = Can't remember if there was another name for this, but it was surprisingly good. Filled with a bunch of beef, very good.

Stuffed grape leaves = Jon kinda hyped this up as he had heard good things about it. Eh, I guess it's an acquired taste, it was pretty bland, but tolerable when dipped in tzatziki. 

Tabouli = the "salad' on the plate. It was pretty citrusy and bitter for my taste, but Jon really liked it. 

And I think that covers everything. While I wasn't a HUGE fan of the entire meal, it was definitely fresh, homemade, and a quality meal. And even though we tried a bunch of stuff, it wasn't nearly everything on the menu. I'll certainly be back.
I could use their pita bread and wrap every meal I have in it.  Great stuff!
No wait, cheap prices, and excellent taste. The best hummus and falafel sandwhichs in town. Be sure you order the pita's hand made.
I guess it is finally time to write a review about Haji-Baba. This place is great, from the restaurant to the to-go service to the grocery store. This place is great, easy to get to, and has almost everything you need at reasonable prices. 

My friend loves the food here. He has sampled most things on the menu and has fallen in love with the chicken shawarma.  About once every three weeks, he can speak of nothing else until he gets an order of shawarma. I love the spanakopita and the vegetarian sampler. The apricot juice is great too. Really intense flavor, but really refreshing. Also, a great selection of baklava. Cashew is my favorite so far.

The market/grocery side is great too! Lots of wonderful things for cooking at great prices. We found black mustard seeds here after looking everywhere in town and coming up empty handed. And let me tell you about the dates! Best prices in town to buy dates. 

I don't think there is anything else I can say, you must go here and love the food.
Saw this place on "Check Please" and the reviews looked awesome so when we were in the area I begged my husband to take me! 

I was super excited when we pulled up but we got there a little early and ended up having to wait for the owner to open up. I walked into the cashier blocking off the dining area, when I tried to get his attention he practically jumped at me telling me that the dining room was closed. (like there should have been a huge DO NOT ENTER sign at the entrance) OK..... so when I ask him when its open he says "to go only" another OK .... when I walk up to order he says "but the kitchen won't be ready for an hour" AN HOUR?!?! its 11, most restaurants are ready to serve food at 11, you want me to wait an hour?? NO

I really did want to try the food at this place, but quite frankly I'm not willing to give any of my hard earned money to a restaurant that is going to be rude and unhelpful.  I don't care how good ppl say their food is.. no thank you!
Haji Baba is by far my favorite restaurant!  In fact, I fear ever having to move from my current residence as it might mean I wouldn't be within a 5 mile radius.  The service is friendly and fast, and they always remember my favorite order.  My favorites by far are the Gyros!  I've never found a recipe so flavorful and moist.  I can't recommend this place more.  If you're a fan of Middle-Eastern cuisine, there's no way you can pass up this gem.
I haven't actually eaten there for lunch but their baklava is the best I've ever had!
Good and Cheap!  What more do you need?  If you're a fan of mediterranean, you'd be doing yourself a misdeed by not giving this place a try.

I had the beef shawarma.  It was like brisket with a middle eastern sauce wrapped into a pita.  Awesome.  The only problem was that it was really, really messy.  the sauce leaked all over the place.  Napkins are a must.  My friend had gyro.  I took a small bite of the meat.  It may have been the best gyro ever!  I'll have to give a full one a try for myself someday.  The several types of baklava are delightful treat.  We went with cashew, pecan, and walnut.  All three were wonderful.

One big negative.  Only two pieces of pita came with our order of hummus.  Not even close to enough.  Make sure to order an extra (or two).  The hummus, like everything else, is fantastic.  The pita is pretty good, but nothing special by itself.

I didn't set foot inside, so I cannot tell you what it's actually like in there.  But the food is awesome.
Cheap, authentic, and yummy!!!
Why didn't I know about this place? I guess my friend Sarah has been hounding me to go here for years, but tonight was my first visit. Where's my time machine so I can go back and eat here more.

I was torn whether to give it a 4 or a 5... The decor is an afterthought - in fact, the restaurant part of it seems to be tacked on to an international foods market. The market side has some amazing foods you won't find in many other places around the Valley - definitely worth going out of your way to check out. 

There were 3 of us, and we grabbed a table and sat down. It didn't take long to decide what we wanted - turns out we just about wanted a little bit of everything. The prices on the menu looked like they were from another time. I thought they gave us the old menus by accident. Let me put it this way - the prices were so low, I questioned the quality of the food I was about to eat... 

We placed our order, and within a few minutes our table was filled with plates of beautiful food. This was as troubling as the prices - fast food prices and fast food service usually mean fast food and subsequent ring sting. Well, this is not the case. The food here was fantastic. I would say the food is a solid 4. It's not the best example of gyros and hummus etc that I've had, but it ranked quite high. It was delicious and flavorful, and everything seemed to be really fresh. 

I cleaned my plate and picked at just about everything - we all shared a bit. Every mouthful was a treat. The service was more fast and efficient than it was friendly, but I never felt unwelcome. In a place like this, I'd rather have a no bullshit sort of experience. Just get this food into my bloodstream as expediently as possible. Really though, the service was plenty nice. 

After we finished eating, we wandered around the market side and shopped a bit. We wanted to take so many things home with us - teas, sweets, spices, honey, and assorted unique items... We're definitely going back. 

This is a divey hole-in-the-wall that deserves all the praise it is getting. If it turns out to be as reliable and consistent as I've heard it is, we're going to be regulars. If you twisted my arm to complain, I would say it is pretty inconveniently located (or extra convenient depending on from where and how you get there) - I just find it a bit of a pain in the ass trying to drive around and make turns on Apache since the Light Rail went live. 

I can tell you this - if you're thinking of eating at Pita Jungle down the street - give this a shot instead. I still love Pita Jungle, but this wins on price and speed, ties on deliciousness, and only loses on decor. It's not a first date spot - it's more of a 4th date spot... impress her with the awesome and interesting eclectic hole in the wall joint.
My uncle, 2 cousins, my partner, her 2 boys and myself all decided to try this place out a couple weeks ago for dinner. Most of us are very familiar with Middle Eastern food so we had a pretty good idea of what to get and how things should taste. 

First, it's a small place, with tables sort of thrown into an add-on to a Mid-Eastern market, so larger parties may have an issue getting seated right away. It took them almost 20 minutes to seat us, but that's not entirely their fault. I mean, you have to work with what you've got, right? Just be prepared to wait if there's more than, say, 5 or so in your group.

The market is kind of nifty, so take the time to browse if you get there and are waiting for a table or for people to show up. Lots of spices, and you can ogle the half dozen different types of baklava they have up front. Yes, I said half a dozen. Pistachio, walnut, pecan, almond, and a couple others. They also have Bulgarian feta, which I haven't had since I left Bangkok, and I highly recommend if you're a fan of Greek feta. I'll be going back for a nice big chunk, this I can promise you. 

Now the food: My partner's two boys are two of the pickiest eaters I know, so we got them the chicken kebab sandwich. I didn't get to try it, but they both finished their plates, so I'll take that as a positive testimonial. My partner and I shared a variety of things: gyros, kebab, chicken shwarema, rice, hummus (which on the menu is spelled "homos," much to the amusement of the kids), and tabouli, with homemade pita bread. My cousins both got the veggie platters and I honestly don't remember what my uncle got. :) The gyros and kebab were phenomenal, extremely flavourful, and the gyros was the best I'd had in a long time. I think the chicken shwarama was my favourite though. It almost melts in your mouth and the flavours are fantastic. The hummus was very good, especially with the homemade pita. (Definitely pay the extra for the "real" stuff. Store bought just doesn't cut it here.) I'm not really a huge fan of tabouli, but my partner seemed to like it well enough. One great little surprise for me were the dolmas (stuffed grape leaves). A traditional Greek dish, I'm never really a fan. My dad makes these by the bucketful and freezes them. Usually, for me, they tend to be bitter and too bland, but I got to try one off of one of the veggie plates and it was actually REALLY good. I honestly think it may have been the best dolmades I've ever had. So I'd recommend it. 

To drink I took a risk and got the yogurt soda. Anyone familiar with Indian food will most likely have tried lassi at one point of another.... this is NOT lassi. This is definitely an acquired taste, but if you want to try something different, give it a shot. It is literally plain, unsweetened yogurt with soda water. No one else at my table liked it, but I thought it was different and in its own way, rather refreshing. 

We shared the pistachio and pecan baklava at the end of the meal. Fresh, homemade and soooooo good! 

I have lots of reasons to go back, one of which would be the bill at the end of the night. Keep in mind, there were 4 of us on our tab, 2 kebab sandwiches, 3 drinks, my yogurt soda, the chicken shwarama plate, a kebab, a gyros and 2 baklava and it all came up to about $35. You really can't beat that.
liked this vibe inside with the market restaurant combo.  quiet environment and prompt service makes for a good dinner.

ordered 3 items off the smaller plate menu thinking i wouldnt be overindulging.  i was wrong.  ordered hummus, nothing special there but would order it again as hummus really isnt anything special in the first place.  greeek salad was really good, could have used a little less dressing, but the olives alone were worth it.  also got the chicken schwarma.  

everything in all was fresh and large servings.  cool little middle eastern spot for a cheap filling meal.
DROOL. 

Every time I want Middle Eastern food (and I am today but Seattle sucks for such thing thus far)....I think of Haji Baba. Introduced to me as one of the first restaurants I ate at when I was a freshman at ASU (wow that was 6 years ago-- I'm old). 

What I miss most is the chicken shawarma plate that I would order with salad instead of tabooli and hummus (no offense to tabooli-- it's great here but I'm not a fan). Their hummus is good because it is made with the right ingredients and it's simple. Hummus should be kept simple.  The shawarma garlic sauce with the sririacha-- is a true delight.  

What else is good: EVERYTHING! Falafel, gyro, shawarama salad, all their appetizers. Their lemonade is homemade and not too sweet. It has a weird flavor that gives it a " what is this?" appeal. Also in AZ when it's hot, drinks = must because the water sucks. 

Don't  forget to get a baklava. They have like 6 or 7 diff varieties and they are all delicious. You can also check out their small market which is a part of the restaurant and has a wide variety of middle eastern random goods and spices. 

Big portions (I always had lots of leftovers), cheap food and a simple approach. I MISS YOU HAJI BABA and I promise I will go back to you every time I visit.
Love this place!

Fast service, cheap food and TASTY. Best for a quick bite with a bunch of friends or when you are lazy to cook. Serving size is good and portions are filling. Closes before 8 on weekdays, closed on Sunday.

If you like Greek food, you will like it.
Are there really words in the English language to describe how wonderful this food is?  Not even close.  This is by far the best Middle Eastern cuisine I've had in the valley.  Lots of entrees to choose from, so many different desserts, and if you're feeling bold, you can try one of their unique drink options. (+ positive, - negative, -/+ neutral)

-/+ Sometimes the wait can be long, especially during lunch hour.  But I wouldn't say that this should keep you away.  The food is worth it.

+ Chicken Shawarma

+ Gyros

+ Lots of food.  Sometimes you have to roll me out to the car when I'm done... and I STILL have left overs.

+ Friendly, helpful staff that will make you feel at home.

-/+  Decor.  I've heard some people hate on the "look" of the restaurant.  It's not a wine and dine kind of place and honestly, it's not that bad.  It's just a bunch of tables and chairs, but is that what you're there for?  No, you're there for the amazing, bountiful meal that your little tummy has been begging for.  It's clean, whether some people say that or not.  I'm pretty sure they wouldn't win Best-of awards for almost 30 years if they were bad at keeping things picked up.
My aunt and all my cousins love coming here and it's no wonder why. Visiting for xmas vacation, my aunt showed my mom and my family this spot the first day we arrived. I didn't go but my mom craved this place during our trip and went back a second time-this time with me.

So basically it's a store with a small kind-of restaurant inside. Serves middle eastern food, I am leaning towards more greek because of grape leaves and the gyros..

Anyhoo, I had a gyro which is lamb, a yogurt sauce, tomatoes and lettuce in a pita type bread. I absolutley cannot stand lamb, I refuse to eat it not because of the taste but...it's a lamb...a fuzzy cute...anyways...

YES I broke down and ate it. I was super starving and it didn't really taste like how I remembered when I first tried lamb...it was really good. My aunt had a veggie platter and everyone also had a gyro and my sister had a gyro platter.

I will come back here again when we visit the family, I think it is probably a staple and as for the lamb...probably the only time I will ever eat it, if it's in a gyro at Haji-Baba.
Consistent excellent quality food. Best chicken shawarma sandwich I've had, and I have had quite a few-no other comes close to this one! Very fairly priced, generous serving. Add feta to the sandwich-they give you heaps and only charge a little extra. Thinking about moving to Tempe just so I can eat here every day :0)
Holy lamb of Allah, that's a good gyro! And unlike most religious experiences, this one came cheap! Just $4 for the best Gyro I've had, and I've had a lot of them.
Haji's I love you.

I've been going here since 1996, and even if it's been a month or two, the exceptionally nice waiters ALWAYS recognize me. I feel loved here! Well it's mutual.

The food is authentic -- none of the fusion BS that goes on at Pita Jungle. And it's delicious. I crave their gyro plate and the chicken schwarma. The chicken salad gives you the schwarma chicken over lettuce over basmati rice -- woderful combination of warm and cold. Awesome dressing (my only caveat is that the lettuce is not always perfection -- too bad because EVERYTHING else is!). Ask for the homemade pita, too.

I buy my spices in the market -- fresh and cheap! You'll find every kind of dried beans here as well as the ingredients to attempt this cuisine at home.

Oh I do love Haji's ...

Five stars, only because there isn't a sixth.
TL;dr amazing mediterranean food, with plenty of meat options that will blow your mind. you've never had meat like this before.

I'm really confused as to how I don't have a review for this place already. After living in Tempe/Phoenix for over 20 years, I remember craving gyros from Haji Baba even as a kid. In fact, I would venture to say Haji Baba and Baiz Market are the oldest, quality middle eastern shops in the valley.

Apparently my friend has never been here before, and I decided I would be a terrible friend if I never took him. Of course, he had trouble finding it because he thought it was a restaurant "restaurant" and not a hole-in-the-wall type place.

We were seated even though it was lunch, didn't take more than 10 minutes for our gyro plates to come out which were piled high with succulent gyro meat. To perfectly complement the star of the dish, there was white rice and a salad with plenty of unique dressing. Gyro meat by itself is usually amazing, simply because its meat, but when its accompanied with an amazing sauce, it really becomes stellar. The "white sauce" or what I think is an iteration of tsaziki sauce is perfect for the juicy ground lamb meat. If you haven't had gyro before and you want to give a try, I would definitely get the gyro plate at Haji Baba.

I almost forgot to mention that you can't leave Haji Baba without trying their baklava. Take your pick at which nuts you want. pistachio, almonds, walnuts, mixed, etc. 

Aside from their restaurant food, my family usually buys groceries from here. One of our staples is pita bread, and you can usually get a box of pita bread for like $13. Freeze some of it, and use the rest as you wish. It goes perfectly with store bought hummus and foul (fava beans).
One of my favorite places to eat! Authentic middle eastern food! The iced tea is addicting, i get cravings for just that sometimes! Every time I go in i just cant help myself and order the Vegetarian plate, you get so many choices of delicious food and its all so amazing! I wish it were closer to my house or had delivery, it would be a weekly meal then! I also had them cater baklava for my wedding party and I kid you not the two huge trays we ordered went faster than the alcohol!!! much love for this place... and to add to all the ++++'s they have a store built in so you  can buy alot of the food to make at home as well!!
Got the combination plate, I'm not very familiar with Middle Eastern food so I'm not sure I'm a good judge.  The gyro meat was a little greasy..

I liked the thing that looked like egg roll and the thing that looked like hush puppies..  Wasn't a huge fan of the thing that looked like dark corn bread and the salad type couscous thing.  The chicken kabob, koobideh and beef kabobs were not very flavorful and slightly burned.

LOVED the pistachio baklavas!  Which is why I'm giving it 4 stars..  :)
A-Ok.  I had the gyro plate which comes with a really fresh salad with yummy dressing.  The tzaziki  (sp) sauce was really good.  The rice side was bland with no seasoning of any kind at all.

Lots of food for the $$.
The sign out front may be sun faded, but the inside is alive and thriving!  Haji-Baba offers solid, down-home Mediterranean/Middle Eastern food at very reasonable prices and the well-equipped store make this a worthwhile stop for any ethnic food lover.  

One half of Haji-Baba is a small, tightly packed ethnic food store.  The other half is a small, tightly packed restaurant.  While space is certainly limited on both sides, the selection at Haji-Baba is huge!

The store side features everything from large pans of fresh-baked pastries and desserts behind the counter to rows of hard to find spices and aisles of rare, imported ingredients at prices that make exotic cooking at home reasonable for the casual cook like me!

The restaurant side delivers good, authentic food at acceptable prices.  None of the menu items are particularly unique and the overall quality of the food tends to match the cafe styling more than fine dining, but all of the dishes I've tried have been well portioned and tasty!  Space is very limited, though, so groups larger than 4-6 aren't suggested.

Don't hesitate to stop here if you're in the area!  Even if you're not hungry, Haji-Baba has a lot to offer!
The best gyro you will have in Arizona...
or maybe anywhere.

Love the grocery selection.
Everyone there is really nice.
And you can buy a BUCKET of dates for like $6.
I am conflicted.  Haji-Baba, as a restaurant, has some five star strengths and some one star weaknesses.  The strengths: very large portions of food, all of which are appealing even to people who are not familiar with middle eastern cuisine; low prices; an ethnic grocery attached which is a pleasant diversion while you are waiting for your food.  

The weaknesses: virtually everything is underspiced, so you get tired of it after two or three bytes.  Apparently, lemon and garlic are spices-non-grata in this kitchen, and even salt and pepper are used sparingly.  For $2.60 you get enough hummous for two, as an appetiser, but you won't want to finish it.  It reminds me a lot of paste.  And the pita (bread) was going stale. Exceptions: their take on a meat-stuffed eggroll, and, believe it or not, the gyros.  Also well-spiced: a variety of sauces which helps offset the blandness of the food.  I must also comment on the tabouleh (which here means ground parsley) served as a huge mound on most plates; it would feed a baseball team, but it, too, is tasteless.  Other, much smaller, issues: it can get crowded, the ambiance does not exist, and they have an odd system for paying your check which puts you in a line with the people buying groceries and can be slow.

Hints:
1.  Order the Combination plate.  For $12 it is definitely enough for two average appetites and you don't get bored so easily.  
2.  They have a large grocery using the same name 3/4 mile east. The restaurant is a smaller place hidden away in a strip mall.
Awesome..not a bad item on the menu. This is a small international grocery store with a small restaurant attached. Gets very busy at lunch but moves quickly and gives you a chance to see the heaping plates of goodness being delivered efficiently to tables. I had a kibi  plate that came with super fresh tabouleh, lots of humus and beautiful fresh little pitas, and a great creamy yogurt salad. Friend had the gyro platter complete with a pile of tender gyro meat, rice, salad etc. add ice tea and it was under $20 and so filling that I was set for several hours. There is a reason that this place is busy. It rocks!
ok, im a little jaded writing this review..living my life in dearborn for 30 years ive had the best of middle east fare....moving to AZ its hard to find good middle eastern food..

the store is awesome, great selection..
Service was lacking, the manager/owner/cashier went on and on talking politics with customer in front of me..5 minutes later i ordered the shish kebob sandwich..took about 15 minutes..it was ok, no onions?

this was my first visit..i plan to head back and try a combo plate and other items

for a wednesday the small place was packed



Second visit, tried the chicken shawama was good, not mind-blowing..wasnt made as requested 

third and last visit, i treated a friend,  both orders made wrong...and was ok..

i will probably look elsewhere for good middle eastern food...definitely will use the store for items tho

i really wanted to love this place, but more of a let down
So i'm not here to buy spices or shop for sheesha, i'm here for food. Lots and lots of food. Luckily for me, Haji-Baba is known for tons of food at decent prices so I have a promising evening of stuffing my face without breaking my wallet. God, I sound like a really cheap buffet commercial.

But really, to be truthfully, super blunt, honest-to-go-honest truth, Haji-Baba's food is not the best in the world but it is 1) fresh, 2) good quality, 3) tasty and 4) cheap. I am sure you can find better Mediterranean food around town, but this place is really good on your wallet and fits my needs just right. And hey, 215 reviews can't be lying. THE PEOPLE LIKE IT. They like it a lot.

I ordered the gyro deluxe (gyro with raw onions and feta cheese), a side order of hummus, Babaganoush (eggplant dip), tried my friends lamb tongue and a pistachio  baklava. 

If you are feeling adventurous and want to try the lamb tongue, lemme tell you: don't. Really, don't. There is nothing tasty about lamb tongue. It tastes slightly like roast beef but the texture resembles congealed liver patee and the big chunks are really scary. The only positive about eating tongue? Infinite pun jokes about talking about it forever. Get it?

The gyro meat was pretty standard in the Gyro deluxe sandwich, the best thing about it was the creamy fresh salty feta cheese. Its the freshest i've ever had and they really DO slap it on that sandwich, like a boss. The babaganoush was also very very tasty with the pickle and the black olive- however- i would have liked bigger pieces of roasted eggplant than a hummus-like texture. The hummus was just A-OK, it needed more of a PUNCH of flavor. Last but not least, the baklava is my favorite dessert in all the land.. so obviously I enjoyed it. Heavy on the honey and not very crispy on the nuts, but pretty decent nonetheless.

In conclusion, only use the tongue in your mouth and not the one on the menu, get as much feta cheese as your body can process and buy a desert to-go. BAM, lunch is served.
Wow! Such fantastic food! Try the Queen baklava, best I've ever had.
Love this place. I always tell myself to eat my way through their menu but I never do. I always get the same thing I usually do, which is the chicken shawarma plate. I love it! I get my hummus & pita fix as well as the always yummy garlic sauce on the chicken. I try and get extra garlic sauce with mine :) Get extra pita cause they do give a good serving of hummus. Also, the rice is yummy, although last time I was there, the rice was different than usual.
This place was unfortunately not all that amazing. You get a decent amount of food, and the prices aren't bad at all, but the food is very average, and fairly bland. I got the combination plate and everything on it was pretty mediocre. You can get better gyros at many other places in the valley.
Friendly wait staff.  Authentic ingredients.  However the shawarma are nothing like I had in Kuwait.  The shish kabob is worth getting.   Basmati rice needs some work.   The market next door is great.
My first time at this East Valley institution...had the lamb tongue sandwich...tasty!
Pretty darn good! Had the vegetarian combo. The falafal was super slammin'! But the hummus and baba ganoush were a little bland to me. So disappointing! Next time, I'll have what my friends had...a good old fashioned gyro! 

Oh, and if you dare, try the Arabic coffee. It's a jolt! 

One last tip, if you're going for lunch, don't go straight at noon, there's usually a long line for a table (always a good sign tho').
The place looks like a dump, but I have three words for you... CHICKEN SCHWARMA SANDWICH. If you put a little Sriracha on that bad boy, you will be hooked for LIFE!
Great value for authentic middle-eastern food. Classic hummus seems like such a simple dish, but the truth is only a few can nail it. And this simple cafe in the middle of a small Middle Eastern grocery store in Tempe is one of them. Superb texture and flavor! Also tried a gyro and gyro plate, along with some falafel, and quality seems to be consistent on the whole menu. And their rosewater lemonade is one of the best I've ever had. Fast service and awesome food for the price, and you get to purchase the ingredients in the same place afterwards to try making those recipes back home.
The Chicken Shawarma is awesome.  
Hummus, Tabule and freshly made pita bread
Arabic coffee will put hair on your chest but YUM! 
Iced tea is the sh*t - its an orange black tea 
Salad dressing is freshly made and you can buy a container to take home
The market area has great prices on spices 
Quick service once you finally get a table, lunch is a nightmare
Call it in ahead of time & get it to go or get there early
I've visited Haji-Baba's twice now and I am anxious for a return trip.  FIrst, almost any ethnic restaurant with an attached grocery is going to have some good food.  With Haja-baba this is true, but it also comes at such a great value!  

I've sampled the hummus, which is wonderful in its simplicity and very fresh.  Same with the tabouli.  The kibbie is brilliant and I will order that again.  On my first visit, I tried the Shish-kabob and, to my delight, they treated the lamb very kindly.  It wasn't brown and cooked to death, which is so often the fate of lamb in far too many restaurants.  

On my last visit, a friend and i went to Haja-baba's with one intention: Lamb's tongue Sandwich.  If you like lamb and you're not mouth-squimish concerning texture; it's one of the best things you'll ever eat.  For me, it was heaven.  I will say, that I did order and dress it with a touch of tzatziki sauce, which made the sandwich PERFECT!  The portion, especially for the price, is as astounding as it is tasty!

There's a very short list of things that will make me drive to Tempe.  Haji-baba's is near the top of that list.
I purposely didn't read the Yelp reviews before coming here so that I wouldn't have any preconceived notions about this place. I wanted to check this place out with fresh eyes. Some of my points here have been shared many times over in previous reviews but again, I purposely didn't read them so this review is from my eyes as a "virgin" visitor.

My son and I came here last night before heading to Gammage for a play. My first thought upon entering was "Am I in the wrong the place?" Haji-Baba is a small ethnic market as well as having a small eatery inside. It is an older store and the restaurant is off to the far right side of the store. In fact, the restaurant seems like an afterthought. There are very old tables and chairs, with the cheapest silverware, napkins, plates and glasses that the restaurant supply stores carry. There is no personality to this part of the store at all. And while that isn't entirely a bad thing because I'm not afraid to visit a dive restaurant, in the case of Haji-Baba, this was just a sign of things to come. 

Despite being severely overdressed, we were seated at a nearby table by a polite man who came across like one of the owners. Unfortunately, he was not our server. Our server was a man who was barely audible when he did speak to us, which was nominal at best; which is to say that he said just enough to get our order and then never came back again. Our dinners came out in less than 5 minutes..which seemed very surprising to me. Although our dishes are not complex, nor is the menu as there are limited selections at Haji-Baba, I thought that there might be a little more effort, especially now that I've read so many other reviews on this place. The food was clearly pre-made and just scooped on the plate. I guess that's ok and maybe I'm spoiled and used to cooked-to-order food lately. Hard to say.

The food itself was pretty good. My schwarma plate came with tabouli, hummus, rice, schwarma and 1/2 of a pita. My son's beef schwarma had rice, greek salad and schwarma. No hummus for him and he had the other 1/2 of my pita. Both of the schwarmas were fine. It was nothing special. I've had better and I've had worse. The hummus was creamy though kind of bland and the pitas were warm and flavorful...when we got more! Our first one was kind of blah. The rice was just plain white rice. The Greek salad was way overdressed to the point of soggy. The tabouli was nice though with just the right amount of crunch. 

Overall, this would have been a 3 star review if not for the lackluster service we received. Our server had zero personality. He never came back to check on us though he stopped at several tables near us to give them a "thumbs up" to check on them so maybe it was just us and the fact that we were dressed up that put him off. I thought initially that he might not have been comfortable speaking English as clearly most of the staff here were European but he spoke beautifully to the tables around us. Our drink vessels were bone dry. I had to flag down the guy who seated us to get extra pitas and refills on our drinks. Next time I'm in Tempe, I'll go the 1/2 mile up the street to Pita Jungle for Mediterranean food. The service was better and the food had some heart put into the process of preparation. Haji-Baba was, in a word, forgettable and that's kind of a shame because with a little work, it could be the 5 star place that so many people on here seem to think it is.
love the gyro plate. Rice is so good and I also dig their candy selection :)
I love Haji-Baba more than words can say. The food is cheap and delicous. Their iced tea is AMAZING (the best I've ever had, and I only drink iced tea and water 99% of the time)! The hummus is to die for. The pitas they make in house are fresh and delicious. 

I have yet to find a place as yummy as this anywhere else in the Phoenix area (or even in Seattle where I live now), and the low prices make it that much more awesome!
So, so, so GOOD.  Everything I've had here has been amazing. I've been coming here for over 10 years.  The food is always fresh and the service has always been prompt.  My favs - Gyro, chicken shwarma, lamb kebab, and the baklava.  Once in a while, I get the lemonade - they make it with rosewater.  You sip the lemonade and inhale through your nose and you smell roses.  It is freaking amazing.  In college, we used to get the arabic coffee to keep us awake for our late night studies.  Overall, one of my favs!
Always great and fast! Service is always top notch. Beware of big crowds during lunch.
I love this place primarily for either Chicken Schwarma or Falafels and Hummus. I am not a fan of their Gyros though. They have by far the BEST baklava ever! I especially like the Pistachio Baklava. I also go here and get spices and Chamomile tea. Their prices are very reasonable. I really like the food here! We once ordered a whole lamb they had roasted for a Pascha celebration, it was delicious!
The 5 star rating says it all. If anyone visits me in Tempe, there are 2 places I take them: Four Peaks, and Haji-Baba.
Great food for sure but that is it.  Unless you are shopping for groceries then don't expect much of anything you would not find in a cafeteria.  Yet for some reason this place just works.  The service is unusually good in a place like this and  the food comes out fast and delicious.  I have had about half of the food on this menu and have never been disappointed. Come to Haji's to be full and chat with some friends over good food.  It may have you searching for more napkins but your belly will be happy.
Best Gyro in Phoenix! Period! I order the Gyro DLX. The feta is awesome. Recommend.
This place is a hidden gem. Great Middle Eastern food at a great price. Everything you could want. This is where other restaurants get the food they serve you so why not come to the source. Love the babaganouj and hummus.
Truly amazing food. Surprisingly cheap for the quality and the wait time to get your food after ordering was minimal. I for one will be eating here again.
I'm not very familiar with middle eastern cuisine so based on reviews, I went to Haji Baba to try it out. My girl had the chicken schwarma and I had this combo plate with a various assortment of meats. I apologize for not remembering the name. Anyways, the food was delicious and for the price you can't beat it. The restaurant is located in a grocery store so don't expect to plan any first dates here. But if she's a keeper, definitely a 3rd date spot. ;)
Awesome place for some fine middle eastern cuisine.  

I always get the Chicken Shawarma plate which comes with rice, succulent chicken (topped off with some amazing garlic sauce), tabouli, hummus, and pita bread.  This is the ultimate meal and it's under $10.  Can't go wrong, although my breath does reek of garlic afterwards.

Save room for  some baklava or some other middle eastern delight for dessert. 
For you adventurous chaps out there: I don't recommend the yogurt soda.

Also browse around the market, you can find some interesting things and a huge selection of spices.
I hate this place! They're soo good I don't mind waiting for an hour during weekday lunches, argggghhh!
We come here for the grocery, and more importantly, the food! Not the cleanest atmosphere, but they have a great selection of spices and ingredients. The wholesale warehouse a ways down the street is now open to the public and has more of a selection for grocery stuff.

The restaurant is known for the food, not the service. They have a simple menu, hand cooked food, and cheap prices. Falafel is tasty and they have a good selection of necessities; tabbouleh, gyro meat, rice, salads, pitas, and dessert. You can go in and get the food for take out, or take a seat for a quick bite on the other half of the store.

Staff is friendly, and this place is worth going to if you need middle eastern spices and canned goods that you can't get at a normal grocery store.
LOOOOOOVE this place! The food is awesome and the prices are too! It's a restaurant/store and is a small place but don't let it fool you... This place is great and there are always people coming through. And they have halal meat.
I get cheap food that's good at the time then you feel like death later.  Haji-baba has cheap food, insanely cheap food, food so cheap you would debate eating there due to the cheapness but have no choice but to give it a shot because.. ITS SO CHEAP.  The quality of the food at Haji-Baba is parallel to high end middle eastern restaurants, its FANTASTIC.  The chicken shawarma wrap I ordered was 3 dollars and change, the size of a glove box ( exaggerating but its BIG) and incredibly delicious!  I cannot recommend this place enough so good, so delicious and the price doesn't factor into the quality at all!  Go here and love it!
I went here yesterday for lunch with a friend, my first time ever. First, for those seeking a place with ambiance, Haji-Baba is purely functional. It is located adjacent to a Middle Eastern grocery store and there really is no decor enlivening the dining room. In other words, you come here if you like the food. I was glad to see that they serve kibbeh, which is a Middle Eastern dish I had trouble finding when I last lived in Phoenix, and so I ordered the kibbeh plate. My reaction was a little mixed. First, the plate came with sides of tabouli and hummus, and both were excellent. The hummus was smooth and creamy and nicely spiced and the tabouli was very enjoyable. My mixed feelings concern the kibbeh, which I found to be mediocre. First, I was surprised by its shape and texture. Anywhere else where I have ordered kibbeh, the kibbeh comes in the shape of a dumpling, whereas this was served like two pieces of cake from a square pan. Also, normally the bulgur wheat shell is crunchy, whereas the bulgur wheat here was soft and only lined the top of each piece. I also found the kibbeh to be slightly on the bland side. However, since the two side dishes I had here were quite good, I feel comfortable giving Haji-Baba four stars and would definitely come here again to try a different dish.
I recently discovered Haji-Baba and have really fallen in like with it. It's a grocery store as well that sells hard to find Mediterranean spices, juices and other foods.

The restaurant section is pretty small and the decor is a bit old but the food is really good and quick. It's never too spicy and is always hot and fresh. My favorite is the chicken shawarma. The only draw back is everytime I've order a Sprite, I get water. I'm not sure if the waiters aren't paying attention or what but it happens all the time.

That being said for something different I highly recommend Haji-Baba. The portions are rather large so if you're dieting I'd suggest splitting the meal with someone or going there for a cheat day!
It was a Sunday afternoon and we wanted to take the MIL out to lunch in Tempe.  Searching   Yelp for the small, independent kitchens, we happened on Haji-Baba.  Reading the reviews, I see that one of my favorite reviewers gives it a high-five.  This is enough for me.  We head on down and find this place on east Apache Blvd in a small, mostly empty strip mall. Haji-Baba is a small, unassuming dining room attached to a ME grocery.  It was interesting wandering around the grocery and checking out all the different items for sale.  We quickly found a table and met the waiter.

reading the menu, I found several things that interested me - the Chicken or Beef Sharwerma definitely - the menu descriptions made them both sound delicious.  The wife decided on the chicken.  Wanting to break out of that, and finding the name somewhat funny, I ordered the Kabob Koubideh and the MIL had the vegetarian combination.  I had iced tea to wash it down.

The Koubideh is essentially ground beef marinated in onion juice and grilled on a skewer, coming out looking like a hamburger in the shape of a hot dog.  This plate came with two tasty kabobs, a big pile of steamed Basmati rice and bread.  There was also a Tzaziki-style sauce that helped add some moisture to the meal and was delicious when mixed with the rice.  The chicken Sharwerma was a big pile of marinated chicken with a dollop of garlic mayonnaise on top, with the same rice and bread as well as a side of hummus.  I tasted that and it too, was very tasty, especially when combined with the mayonnaise.  The MIL was not real happy with the veggie plate, and for me it just looked like a bunch of steamed vegetable stuff.

My iced tea was delicious, with a cinnamon-y taste.  I wish I could have had a refill on that.  I was impressed with the diversity of the dining crowd, it was most definitely multi-cultural and everybody seemed to be enjoying the meal.  Paying the check is a bit of an ordeal and could be handled better - essentially, the waiter leaves the ticket stub on your table, which you take to the cashier in the grocery, who then locates your ticket and rings it up.  Yes, you have to wait in line with the grocers and the take-away orderers.  This was a bit confusing at first, as we waited about 20 minutes before getting the waiters attention so he could explain the process.  Heck, I didn't even see him drop the stub off.  Anyway, it was a decent meal and at a great price.
The best chicken shawarma I have ever had. Just the best. 

The place is run down, really in need of a makeover. I don't care too much about that if the health department is okay with them. 

The grocery selection is okay, but better at the other location down the street. I think if they could add fresh carryout stuff--tabouleh and hummus, for instance--it would really make them a five star place.

Just a great sandwich. I can't wait to go back and try some of their other stuff. How have I lived in the Valley since 1996 and not tried this before?
This place is super great for lunch and is really cheap. Get all of their sandwiches on handmade pita for a great experience. The arabic coffee and pomegranate juice are great as well. They only do take out on certain days of the week but don't let that stop you. This is the best Middle Eastern food in the Tempe area for sure, not to mention the most affordable! Woop Woop!
Good gyros at very reasonable prices. Gets crowded at lunch time, so get there early.
Whoa, Yelp - you really shined on this one! Reading several Yelps describing the great prices, portions and quality I had to see for myself... The location is conveniently close to the ASU campus, though you need to be ready for the turn as the place is a little hard to spot..

  Wanting to spice things up for a looong Monday I felt compelled to follow the suggestions of 6-year Haji-Babanian veteran Alexis R. and went for the lamb tongue sandwich with babaganooj appetizer. The baba' came out first, quickly and with accompanying pita bread - bursting with flavor.. I'm glad the sandwich came out fast too, else I miss the chance to throw some 'ganoush in there for good measure.

  The sandwich was tasty, and different (and my supernormal appetite would not have protested more meat).. Would try again, likely in the 'platter' form that includes more food and variety for under $10.

  This would suffice for a good review yet the place is half devoted to a cultural grocery store! I had a nice chat with Mohammad up front, picked up 2 varieties of baklava for dessert and a packet of beef shwarma spices for a future attempt at some home cookin'!
I've been back two more times this week. Three times in one week to a single place is a new record for me. I have had a chance to try the koobideah and the beef shawarma. Both were very good, but to me nothing compares to their chicken shawarma. I'll keep sampling though.
I like Haji-Baba quite a lot. They have a delicious falafel sandwich that is priced well. If you are a vegan or vegetarian like me, this is a big deal. Granted, that's about all I can order here, but it's worth it. Probably the best part about Haji-Baba, though, is their market. The food and kitchen tools are reasonably priced.
Haji-Baba was recently profiled on the television show "CHECK PLEASE ARIZONA" and after the great reviews they got on the tv, we had to try it. This was our BEST "check please" experience to date!

THE FOOD: make plans to go more than once, because even with the combination plates, you'll want to go back again and again until you've tasted it all! Yes, yes, the Chicken Shawerma is ah-may-zing! And yes, the portion sizes are very big (most folks leave with to-go boxes, but it's also hard not to over-order with such tasty offerings all over the menu). But the combination plates, in my opinion, are the way to go. It's not just a little bit of this and that... it's a full serving of this and that, and everything is so delicious, you'll be amazed with every bit. From the warm, delicious stuffed grape leaves to the hummous to the kebabs to, well, everything!

THE DRINKS: I have to mention this briefly... I'm an iced tea fan and the tea here is wonderful. They are always so busy, I haven't slowed someone down to ask what the slightly sweet flavor is, but it's the tea itself, not a sweetener. Yum!

THE SHOP: the building is 2/3 restaurant, 1/3 store... don't forget to pick up some truly fantastic baklava and/or turkish delight at the back counter register when you pay after your meal... it may be the best sweet treats you've ever had.

WHEN TO GO: they get busy and you may have to wait a few minutes, but because they are also a store, you can browse the aisles for european/asian cookies and tea and such while you're waiting... and its all worth the wait. so really, it isn't when to go, it's why haven't you already? the chefs in the kitchen are masterful and the staff will make you feel right at home... and, of course, it's likely to be some of the best food you've ever had!
This place was great.  Nothing fancy, just a small and very busy lunch spot.  Large portions, great hummus and everything tasted amazing.  Go with a big appetite and enjoy.  Thanks to all of the Yelpers that pointed me this way!
Hands down the best middle eastern restaurant in the Tempe area.  You can't beat the prices, everything is always consistently good (we go here about once a week).

Favorites: 
Hummus and Gyro Delux!

Don't forget to grab some baklava too, this is the best i've ever had (and that includes having some while in the middle east)
I used to come here once a week but one time gyro meat was undercooked and nasty.  I haven't been back since.  But, the kefir cheese with the pita is amazing.
We have tried many middle eastern restaurants over the years.  I was introduced to Haji Baba during my college years - almost 20 years ago.  

Hands down, it is the BEST middle eastern food around and the prices can't be beat.  We moved to Utah about 10 years ago and searched for food that was as tasty as it is here.  At the end of the meal, we would say, "well, it was okay, but it's no Haji Baba."  When we decided to move back to Arizona, the first place we went for lunch out was Haji Baba!  It continues to be delicious.

I also love the market that is inside.  I buy all of my feta here as well as greek olives.  They have awesome prices on the feta and olives as well as spices that can be hard to find elsewhere.  

There are several things worthy of complaining about, but the food is so good that it makes it all worth it.  This place is very popular, which makes it difficult to find a table during peak times.  Lunch is crazy busy!  The service in the restaurant leaves something to be desired.  It's pretty bare bones and definitely not at all like the nice chain greek restaurants (think My Big Fat Greek....)  We no longer eat in the restaurant, we now go for take out.  This place does a huge amount of take out so call your order in ahead of time.

Great food, good portion sizes, great prices.

I don't know why we keep trying different middle eastern food restaurants, it's Haji Baba's gyros that we always wish we had eaten instead!  Nothing is better!
My previous review still stands, though now I'm pretty much all about the Chicken Schwarma "Sandwich". I even got scolded once for calling it a "Chicken Schwarma Gyro". Since I'm all for delicious, cheap food with a side of cultural sensitivity lessons, 5 stars!
Haji-baba I love you!
Best middle eastern food!!! :)
I came here last week 3 times for the chicken shawarma plate and kabob. 
If I lived in Arizona I would have to come here at least once a week... it's that good!
Reasonable prices, casual dining and friendly service!
Stress free parking!
If I ever visit Arizona again... HAJIBABA will be first on the the list!
If you live in the area or visiting Arizona... and love middle eastern food... you have to eat here!
Arizona I'm so jealous!
I'm a fan!
-Miss Yelp 2012
This place is a gem. there is a reason it is frequently busy. the prices are fantastic (they did FINALLY raise them a bit, and it's still cheap as hell!). the food is basic, and fresh, and tasty. ask for a side of pickles, for like .75 cents, and they will bring you a bunch of them....and they're so good! the service occasionally comes with a little attitude...but only a little. noisy, crowded, and not fancy. but the food ROCKS. i suggest the falafal sandwich for around $3. THANK YOU HAJI BABA!! oh, and not to mention they have an absolutely kick-ass middle eastern market in the restaurant! Buy your pita bread here for $1, and it's much better than the grocery store one for $3. Enjoy!
Love the food at haji baba. The gyro deluxe for $4 is great for a cheap lunch and I get the chicken shwarma plate if I'm really hungry. Both dishes are fantastic and very flavorful! Definitely one of the gems in Tempe!
Very solid middle eastern food in a below average location. Chicken shwerma was the outstanding as was the Taboule and Gyro meat. Very reasonably priced as well which is good because the atmosphere is quite bad and the neighborhood is not the greatest.

Also, do yourself a favor, don't look into the kitchen when you're paying. Just don't. Clearly the health inspector is being paid to look the other way at this place. At this delicious place!!
Love the food and the staff is friendly. You cannot beat the price and did I mention the food is top notch!
I ate at Haji-Baba for the first time today and will definitely be going back! I had the beef shawarma plate and it came LOADED with food. The extremely tender beef melted in your mouth and the rice and salad complimented it perfectly. There's no doubt this place is a hit (especially for lunch). We got there before the rush but when we were leaving, there was a line forming just waiting for tables to clear. The sandwiches are a very good price as well ~$4.00 so I might try that next. If you like middle eastern food, this is the place to go!
If you've ever gyros hopped before, you know that not all gyros are created equal, and until today; if asked, I would have told you my favorite gyros is at Cypress Grill. I am happy to report, opinion changed!

I've had this spot bookmarked for quite a while now, the trouble is that I spoiled myself by moving a mile away from where I work; I've got dining, shopping, and work all within 5 minutes. There's 4 froyo shops, 5 gyros spots, 6 grocery stores, countless dining, dive bars, comedy clubs, open mics, music and more. Travelling outside of my acceptable radius is quite the big deal. There's usually some type of planning, engagement, or craving involved that just can't happen inside my bubble. 

I recently was in the Tempe area and decided to strike while the iron is hot. If you visit expecting the usual quick serve, show up, eat, and leave setting - you're only partly right, but Haji-Baba is so much more. Haji is a Middle East / Mediterranean market - who also makes one heck of a gyros, and I'm happy to stamp my opinion of "Personal Favorite - thus far" on it. 

I ordered up a Gyros DLX - sans tomato. This thing comes falling out the pita with a generous portion of gyros, lettuce, onion, tomato, tatziki, feta cheese and all wrapped up with a hand made pita. Best yet, it's under five bucks! - if you're not into the hand made pita or fresh of the block feta cheese, it's younger brother "Gyros" comes with the same delicious lamb and beef gyros for about $3.69.

Though, why stop at just the gyros? This place is flushed with great imported foods and fresh made desserts to order up from their market. Shop through aisles of items like spices, sauces, pickled beets, harissa (spicy pepper sauce), cookies, and so much more. Check in their glass case for fresh made pastires, olives, and feta cheese. On a whim I tried out one of their harissas and haven't looked back since. Now I'm blending up my favorite spicy pepper hummus with jalepeno, garlic, and harissa week after week. - message me if you want the recipe; it's awesome, I promise ;-)

Happy Yelping Phoenix - break outside your bubble once in a while and you'll be surprised at what you can find!
You better come hungry because they pile on the food!  I never thought I'd like middle eastern food, but wanted to try something different from the daily chicken sandwich and burgers, and OMG!!! 

Come and get the chicken schwerma. I just have never had anything like it. 

The location is great but as you walk in you're going to wonder if you're in the right place. 

True hole in the wall gold mine!!
Awesome food. Highly recommend. Had gyros platter . Generous portions and excellent meat.  Check out their spices and other food stuff. Got couscous very cheap.
Talk about great!! I was very hesitant to go and was sure I wouldn't like Middle eastern food. I was blown away! I had the Gyro DLX minus the onion and added feta. It was out of this world. I was so surprised. It's a mixture of lamb/beef, tomatoes, cucumber mint yogurt sauce. I added in Feta (great choice). I also had a lemonade to which they add rose water. Delicious! You won't be disappointed. It's a bit of a hole in the wall, but who cares? The food is great.
Haji-Baba's hummus is the quickest way to my heart. It is also, without question, the best hummus I have ever had. Everyone I have ever brought here agrees. It is worth making the drive from Tucson on its own.

But that is not all thats fantastic about this place. The gyros here are incredible. I prefer mine deluxe which includes their home-made feta cheese, which is also just incredible. Its not as salty as most feta cheeses are, and its a bit more creamy as well. So in other words, its better than most feta cheeses by miles.

The chicken schwarma is also one of my favorites. When I bring someone, I encourage that we each order one or the other and then split them so we each get half of two amazing pita sandwiches. Other favorites of mine include the baba ganouch, the chicken salad, the fallafel, and the rose water lemonade. Ahh, soooo refreshing.

The sandwiches especially are extremely inexpensive and worth every penny, but everything is pretty well priced. The market inside is a great place to buy spices on the cheap and one of the best places to get things like adjvar and middle eastern breads. Fresh made baklava is also a "dont-miss-it" item. 

Honestly, I've been coming here since I was a little kid and there are not enough good things I can say about this place. Everyone in-the-know knows about this place. So be an upstanding, knowledgeable, productive member of society and find yourself here.
It rocks. Some of the best Med food in the valley. Took two of my friends there last night and they really liked it, too. Except for the part of getting pulled over by the Tempe police for temporarily stopping in the bike lane, an excellent evening was had by all.
I just...I find this place to be very unfair.  Why is it in Phoenix when I live in Tucson?  Why does it have way better hummus, chicken schwarma, gyros and babaganoush than anywhere I can find in Tucson?  Why do they have better home-made feta cheese than anywhere in Tucson?  Why, Haji-Baba?  Why?  I want answers!

I really love hole-in-the-wall places.  This place is no exception.  Their hummus was described to me as "creamy" and I made a vomit noise.  But it is totally creamy.  But not with dairy, it's like they put it through a mill or something, because a food processor could never in a million years make it that smooth.

The babaganoush was tangy and flavorful, served with freaking amazing pita bread that was warm.  The chicken schwarma was...I don't know that words can describe it.  Basically anything I say will make is sound not as good as it was.  Divine doesn't cut it.  Juicy, perfectly cooked, exploding with flavor...I mean...they work for now.  I will make up a word soon that adequately describes it.

The gyro was spectacular.  The meat was seasoned to tender perfection, and they put home made feta cheese on it!  The feta cheese is not nearly as salty as any other kind I have ever had, and it was way creamier.

We had rose-water lemonade, which I have indeed found in Tucson.  At the street fair.  You know, the one that happens twice a year?  I am pretty happy to find a place that has it year-round!
I come here for all my groceries. Not only do they have a great middle-eastern selection... They have an area to dine indoors with a great selection of middle-eastern foods at great prices. Great for families and even college students to drop by for some quick lunch.
Haven't been to Haji yet? Get here. And make sure to ask for extra sauce, their sour cream cucumber sauce is bomb!
So I found this little market place serving Mediterranean  food.  Place reminded me of little Asian market.  Disorganized and cluttered.  I was very skeptical about this place, but I read yelp review and figure what can it go wrong.... Right?

Well, waited 40 mins to get my food, because they forgot my order.  Chicken was burnt.  I mean it was so black, I thought I was eating a charcoal.

I made small compliant to them, they offered to give me $3 off the tab..  I would of been more pleased if they remade my food, but they were closing.  So $3 off the tab was the only option they given me..

Salad was decent.  Fresh and great dressing.  Hummus was decent.  Little salty and sour compared to others.  
Rice was okay, nothing special.  

Food was about average to me.  I had a better experience eating at "Greek wrap" on bell road.  

I don't think I will be returning to this place after the experience I've encountered.  It is not worth of waiting 15 mins for seating, getting over cooked food, and not getting my order for 40 mins.  

Maybe next time, they will get my order correct, however, it is not worth the trip for average food..
I have come here a bunch of times and decided it is time to write a review. 

I have tried many things on the menu, including the falafel, shawarma, gyro and chicken kebob and they were all great!

Literally the BEST chicken shawarma I have every had in my entire life (including the when I was in the middle east). The gyro is also really good.

I always sub salad for tabouleh because the salad dressing is amazing. 

I must come here once a week for a chicken shawarma plate with rice, hummus and salad!

Highly Recommended!
Its about time this place got an actual review for anyone who has never been. 

The food is DELICIOUS and inexpensive.  Everything I've ever had there was fantastic. Of all the times I've been and all the people I've taken, I have never heard anything less than a 'wow, that was wonderful.'  Not only is the food reasonably priced, it comes in large portions in a timely manner. Just talking about it is making me crave it.  

However, be warned that this place is more of a 'lunch with your friends' restaurant and less of a 'romantic date with your lover.'  While the food is delightful, the atmosphere is strange and, to be frank, slightly dirty.  From the market on the side, to the plastic glassware, to the aged chairs, this place is not much to look at.  So if you're looking for a tasty, affordable meal, Haji-Baba is a must.  If you're looking for the next hip spot, you may want to try somewhere with a little more flattering lighting.  

Overall, the service is always wonderful, the food is absolutely worth it, but just know that Haji-Baba is not you're typical 5 star restaurant.
Oh, the hummus.  The hummus.  I've had many hummuses in my life, and Haji-Baba's hummus... just so smooth, so perfect.

Okay... other food.  Right.  Their gyro meat is very well done, and if I have any criticism, it would be they slice their gyro meat off the spit in much too large of slices.  It's not overseasoned or particular greasy, very tender.  When ordering with the plate, it comes with a side salad on house dressing and a helping of rice.  There's nothing particularly to the rice and they offer way, way too much - enough for several days worth of leftovers.  I'm also not too impressed with the side salad - the dressing is a bit salty and my salad was overdressed.

The falafel are fantastic.  Crispy, slightly crumbling, slightly moist, great for some delicious hummus dipping.

Haji-Baba is part sit-down restaurant, part counter-service restaurant, part Middle Eastern market, and it all somehow makes total sense when you step inside.  Prices are excellent.  Service is friendly.  A casual, inexpensive place to grab lunch or pick up some snacks.
I was surprised that it was such a small place that is both a grocery and a restaurant. 

They have the best homemade iced tea, spiced with tamarind or cardamon or something...

The server was so friendly and cute.  He reminded me of my little brother or someone like that.  They have THE BEST feta cheese ever!!!  It was the perfect blend of moisture and flavor (I hate it when it's so dry that it just crumbles).  And the side of feta that we ordered was the size of a bread plate.  Heaven!

Maybe I shouldn't have ordered that side of pickles, which was also the size of a bread plate :) But they were so good!

We ordered a side of pita bread, too, which came out to our table warm... and then it kept on coming.  

I had the vegetarian combination plate for dinner.  I was shocked when I saw the huge portion size... I felt like my eyes might have been bigger than my stomach.  The combo plate came with a small salad, 2 falafel with tahini sauce, tabouleh, 2 dolmas, a huge portion of baba, a side of tzaziki, and pita.  Yeah, WOW!  I fell in love with this food at first bite!

These people really don't want you to leave hungry, that's for sure!

I noticed that they also had so many shisha flavors, so I purchased a huge box of watermelon for $10.92.  I love these prices!!!
Cheap is good...not always, but in this case, it is.  Sketchy atmosphere, but come here for the food.  Go to the counter to order take-out, sit in the dining room for service.  Service is kind of slow.  That's just how it is.  My wife ordered baba ganouj and the chicken shawerma platter.  Very good baba ganouj, smokey, mellow, creamy.  Chicken shawerma is very good, tasty, tender, moist, with garlic sauce on the side.  Tabooli is good, although I'm not a fan.  Rice is quite good, as is the hommos (their spelling).  

I had the Foul (fava beans), which were quite good, and the Kabab Mixed, which included a chicken kabab, beef koubideh, and shish kabab, hommos, tabouli, but no rice. The chicken was the best of the bunch, good char, tender, moist  The shish kabab was overdone in my opinion, but still tender.  The koubideh, I could pass on.

The pita comes hot, and slightly crispy.  Wonderful!  Grabbed a chicken shawerma and hommos to go, on our way out of town.
I come here every so often but rarely eat here because it's usually a visit for groceries and hookah things. Well tonight was different!
   I wanted a gyro deluxe with extra sauce to go, and it was the most soul-touchingly delicious sloppy mess I can remember. This is an incredible thing. More tomato bits would've been nice, but that's it. The (goat?) cheese chunks may not be for everyone but I was pleasantly surprised with its presence. For me it's all about the extra sauce. I'm not saying your gyro will be dry unless you have extra, but this is how I love it.
   I hear the shwarma is also very good.
INSIDE SKINNY: Fresh dates come in November!! $5-something per pound. They're available year-round at the counter, but best in winter and spring after harvest.
My mom used a gift card to try this place when she was in town.  We ordered just a few starters but what we tried was really good food.  My taste buds were overloaded with favors, its a nice change from eating plain old American food.  I would take my wife back for us to try a main dish.
The reviews are correct-there's sum great Mediterranean food to be had here. The gyros, feta cheese & hummus is great. Next tym I'll try the chicken Schwarma everyone Raves about. Super busy store so don't freak out if your high maintenance, try n go w the flow.....
Good food, very tasty and authentic, and great prices. Seriously, you cannot beat the prices here, they are downright awesome.

You can walk in this restaurant with 15 bucks and fully feed two adults no problem. The portions are big and they really give you what you pay for. The dishes usually have rice or hummus or salad, and they are all pretty tasty. 

The falafels are good, not the greatest on earth, but very good. The hummus too, it's tasty and authentic and has a nice rich flavor. The side salad is surprisingly tasty for being cheap lettuce, it has this tasty sauce that has tahini in it, I personally add a little lemon to it for more taste.

The entrees are good, the meat is tasty, and the sides are heaping. You get a good sized meal for 7-8 bucks.

My only issue are the pitas, they are the same old cheap white flour pitas you can find in the grocery store. Nothing special or tasty, just typical plain old pitas. I really wish they would offer whole wheat pitas, especially for the people with allergies to white flour and simple sugars. It's rare to see whole wheat in any mediterranean place.

My favorite dish here is the one that freaks most people out...THE LAMB'S TONGUE!
It sounds weird, but it is absolutely delicious people, you have to try it. Seriously, get over your little phobias and try the lamb tongue pita. It tastes just like the best pastrami or corned beef in mediterranean flavors, it's the best thing on the menu.
Try it!
Turkish coffee!!  Drink so much.  
Thick as dirty motor oil and the fine grounds in the bottom are like chewing on sand. I Love it.
The food is also really good.
Fyresite.com love's Haji for lunch. Its our default lunch spot. Favorite menu item: Chicken Shwarma Plate. They have the best chicken shwarma in Phoenix, hands down! highly recommended
I love me some middle eastern food, and this place definitely met my expectations.  
I gave it four stars because it's not the prettiest atmosphere, it's on the side of a grocery store, but I'm totally a fan of dives so I didn't care.  Also they charge 50 cents for refills on your soda, but the food prices are cheap for what you get so that doesn't matter too much.
I ordered the chicken shawerma platter and is was amazing. Lots of food for what you pay for, and a literal MOUNTAIN of tabooli on the side. Yum!
After you eat your dinner, remember to get Baklava on your way out.  It is the bomb!
Haji-Baba is SO GOOD! I often crave the Gyros Dlx and their iced tea. The hummus is great, the chicken shawarma is awesome, combo plate etc etc... Great portion sizes and their prices just can't be beat. The place isn't fancy but is certainly a local favorite.  If you aren't too cool to enjoy a great hole in the wall restaurant and grocery, you need to check out Haji-Baba. The place just seriously rocks.
Went there a few months ago and missed the closing time. It was around 8pm which seemed alittle early...So months later, we went back and I'm glad we were able to find a seat!
It's a small place and service is fair, however, the hummus was one of the best I've had around town. Very smooth and creamy. I had the gyro sandwich and he had the shawarma. Both very tasty and great portions! 

While he was checking out, I was checking out the grocery part of the place. LOVED IT! I am hoping to get back soon to get some more shawarma seasonings :)
Def worth the visit...
I have eaten here for awhile...food always great and great prices, Turkish coffee amazing...new to this yelp and wanted to review one of my favorite places that I always introduce to my friends...over the years havent had one not LOVE IT as well. It is a casual atmosphere, but dont just dine here the grocery store is a great find, their spices, olive oil is very good good prices...definitely save!  If you like the Feta cheese on their salad and food in the restaurant they sell it behind the counter in the grocery store part...and it is cheaper than in the regular grocery stores. It is the French Feta they serve in restaurant, I asked after picking wrong kind of feta the first time. They have take out. It can get really busy at lunch time during the week......
I heard from some friends that this place was awesome and that it was much better than Pita Jungle.  If its better than Pita I am all over it.  My husband and I went and we got the two most popular things on their menu plus an iced tea.  The flavors were very nice but I didnt like the use of dark chicken meat.  To me it just doesnt taste as good and there was no choice it just comes that way.  Other things were really dry and not as good as what I am used to when I go out to eat.  The iced tea was nice it was a black tea with cinnamon added so not that special but I guess it is different than the norm which I like.  To me Pita Jungle and My Big Fat Greek are far superior but of course it would depend on what you ordered.  I like spicy and I love tahini.  This place was kinda below average for me and I think its because of the dark meat chicken.  My husband left his whole plate untouched pretty much.  He had a sampler with grape leaves, meat balls, rice, etc.  it wasnt that good but we brought it home and I warmed it up the next day and it was much better for some reason.
Don't let Haji Baba's humble appearance fool you, this is probably one of the best restaurants in all of Tempe. I've never had chicken shawarma like they make it at Haji Baba. They always serve it with just enough garlic sauce, unlike many other Middle Eastern restaurants in Tempe.

It gets packed around 11:30am-1pm, but still wait for a table instead of ordering to go. Your order will get pushed back behind all ones for people who are seated if you order to go and it will take about 40 minutes to get anything.
This place is EASILY one of my favorite spots in Arizona.  

First off, it's Middle Eastern food.  Second, the prices are very very reasonable.  Third, no matter how long it's been since my last visit, they always remember me. 

I have had a lot of items on the menu, but I typically gravitate towards the Greek salad (lettuce, tomatoes, kalamata olives, cucumber, fat chunks of sheep milk feta, and their AMAZING dressing) $5.99 for a large salad that includes some pita.  I also really enjoy their vegetarian plate, which comes with: falafel, tzatziki, pita, tabooli, stuffed grape leaves and baba ganoush (but I sub for hummus). $7.99 for two meals worth of food!!  Any and all dining cohorts have equally enjoyed their food selections, and usually go back for more:) In addition to all the veg options, they also have chicken/lamb/beef stuffs and they even have a tongue sandwich! (Ew to me, yum to people I know).  I really dig their beverage options: pomegranate juice, sodas, iced tea with a familiar flavor that I can't quite figure out, yogurt soda, lemonade flavored with rose water (my favorite!).  

In addition to having delicious food, great service and low prices, they also have a grocery store on the opposite side of the restaurant.  It's great!  Lots of great ingredients that are hard to find in a regular grocery store.  They even have all the fixings for your hookah enthusiasts.  

The walls are adorned with "Best of Phoenix" awards dating back to the 80's, and it's no wonder.  

I give them two BIG thumbs up!
Good Food, Good Service and consistent.  My whole family can eat there and have great food and a good time.
My friends and I ate here for the first time today. It's a small place attached to a store where you can buy middle eastern foods too.  2 of us had the gyro plate which consisted of gyro meat covered in taziki sauce, jasmine rice and a salad for $7.69. The other person had chicken shwarma with hummas & tabuli.  All plates were excellent! It's not much to look at from the outside, but don't let that fool you, the food was delicious!  Would highly recommend!!
I'm pretty sure this is my favorite restaurant at the moment.  I never leave Phoenix without stopping here. 

The shawarma is divine (best I've had in Arizona, and a close runner-up for all time) and the gyros are outstanding.  In fact, I've never had anything bad here.  I'm not even a huge tabbouleh fan, and I still wolf down Haji-Baba's.  On top of that, everything is pretty cheap and you get huge portions.  I can always get at least two meals out of one of their platters.

The place itself is a little unassuming storefront.  It's almost a diner feeling in the restaurant area.  It also has a pretty awesome little grocery where you can pick up a little bit of everything from fresh feta, hookah supplies and (my favorite) Kinder chocolates.  It can get a bit hectic at peak meal times (you pay up at the front in the grocery), but always worth it.  We've only had bad service once and even then, they were very good about making it up to us and gave us a free bakalava and mint tea for dessert.

Definitely give this place a try, even if you're not a fan of Middle Eastern food. It'll change your mind!
Absolutely THE BEST gyro I have ever eaten. Hummus was great, along with the baba ganoush. Yum Yum Yum. Wish there was one in Gilbert; I'd be there every day. Only 4 stars though because I ordered the lamb shish kabob and the meat was a little on the  tough side. But the Gyro beats all else anyway.
Not real sure about this place.  It's as if someone put up some shelves and emptied out boxes as they were handed to them without some real thought.  The shelves are jumbled and hard to navigate and if you aren't a man, do not expect any assistance from the cashier.  She was NOT happy to have women in her shop.

If I didn't need something specific while I was in AZ for a dish I was making for my hostess I would have walked right back out.  Normally in a small shop like this I would show my support and do some shopping, but not this time.

I am SO GLAD I do not live here I won't be needing to come back here anytime soon.  Plus the place just looked dirty.
Food is always so tasty!
Is it a market with a dining area or a restaurant with a market?  Does it really matter?  It is just plain good!!

If you are looking for a no frills spot, Haji Baba is for you!  The small dining area is on the right side of the market, with a few tables even spilling out into the market itself.  It gets very busy during lunchtime, so arrive early or be prepared for a wait.  

While the menu offers a variety of choices, being a creature of habit, I typically stick with what I know and love - the gyro sandwich.  Nice and simple - a hearty portion of gyro meat, cool lettuce, pickle, tomato and creamy tatziki enveloped in a large, soft pita.  All this goodness for $3.99.  Yes, really $3.99.  I can never finish it, even though I really, really try.  I also like their hummus (served with warm soft pita it is a great appetizer to share) as well as the spanakopita.  Actually, I have enjoyed everything I have tried.  So, you really can't go wrong.

The payment process is interesting - the waiter drops off a ticket stub at the table that you bring to the market register to pay.  If you are with a group, each person can pay separately by telling the cashier their items on the total ticket, which is nice.  And, if you happen to grab some of the tasty chocolate wafer cookies by the register to add to your bill, that is not a bad thing.

Be sure to ask for some delicious baklava to go!
Ahmad Hamdi is the best server. Always and forever. Doesn't matter if he's working here or not.
The best middle eastern food I have eaten in Phoenix. The service is very prompt and the food comes out quickly. My favorite plate is the Gyro deluxe with pita and hummus. Cannot go wrong with Haji-Baba!
I had the Gyro plate and it was absolutely delicious! cannot wait to go back and try the Beef Shawerma.
Very unassuming from the outside.  Small grocery store with sit down cafe on the opposite side.  I ordered the chicken shawerma and absolutely loved it!  The chicken was cooked to perfection with a garlic mayo topping.  The plate comes with a helping of hummus, rice and tabbouleh.  My husband ordered the beef shawarma and thought my chicken was much better.   It was more than we could finish.  We also saw lots of folks with the chicken gyros which looked ample and delish.  Service is quick, the price is right and the staff is friendly.  We will definitely return.
This place is a fantastic, hole-in-the-wall sort of place.  I LOVE their schawarma and falafel sandwiches.  This is my go-to place for lunch because I just work a mile down the street. 

They guys that work the registers are friendly and the food is delicious.  I've never sat down at the restraunt side.  For To-Go, just walk to the back of the market and order at the register.
I love this hidden diamond in the rough.  It's been around for over 20 yrs. There's the Tempe Firehouse across the street and a new apartment complex in construction off Apache and Elm.

I love the chicken schwerma plate and sandwich like everyone else who commented.  So much so, I bought the spice they sell in their grocery side of the building.  They do it so much better.  

It's always packed during lunch time.  I work close by  and find that it is just as fast to go there and order my chicken schwerma sandwich to go, without a call in,  as it does for Jimmy John's sandwich to arrive, which is only half a mile away.  Haji-Baba wins, hands down the better sandwich and better price of $3.89.

This is usually true if there are not people waititng in line to pay for their shopping cart full of groceries.  How does that happen?  The aisles barely fit 2 people in it.


Anyways, if you've never tried it, you're in for real treat.  It is also a great place to buy spices, olive oil, lemon juice and try new things.
Just come here and eat. Everything is delicious.
If you want to eat a delicious falafel, look no further.  Kabobs? Shawarma? Same thing.

I've been coming here since my ASU days and I definitely missed it when I moved away. I've never heard a complaint or dissatisfaction from anyone who has come here to eat.  It's a casual eatery with tasty food at a great price.   I like to split dishes so I can enjoy the different tastes more.  Although salad is really standard, the dressing is amazing for their signature side salad.
3.5 stars

I ordered the vegetarian platter & hummus. Why is it so hard to find good hummus?!?! Their hummus was okay. The tabouli salad & falafel was good and their grape leaves were okay. It's pretty cheap though so I guess I shouldn't complain too much.
Okay... Amazing. That's pretty much all I have to say about this place. Cheap and delicious! I had never been here before but I've heard great things about it. I had the chicken salad. Yum! I will definitely be back.
Sweet fancy Moses this place is delicious!  Very authentic middle-eastern fare with nice friendly service.  I had the Combination Combination, gyros, dolmas, tabouli, falafel, etc....all the good stuff you would expect when ordering this kind of food.  It was all fantastic and for all this food it was only $11.99!  

Highly recommended spot in a strip mall, where apparently all good restaurants in Phoenix are located...
A friend recommended Haji-Baba's and I have to say I was really happy I listened.
I thought she was crazy when she told me that I had to try the tabbouleh but boy was I wrong. It was amazing. They portion sizes and prices are great. I will definitely be back.
Had lunch here today with a friend. We have both eaten here many times and were a bit disappointed. The food is good but we both thought that it use to be better. True, for what you pay it is a feast but I wouldn't use todays lunch as a measuring stick for all Arab restaurants. We will eat here again for sure, hoping that we caught them on a bad day today.
This place is the best Mediterranean food in town. Love it. When I'm not there I can't stop thinking about it. Gotta get the chicken shwarma plate, I promise you will not be sorry.
This place is awesome. I got the chicken shawerma plate and it was so good. It was cheap and I got enough for two meals which I liked because I can take some home. I love how they have sriracha on the table too. Will definitelty be back.
Brilliant. The gyro sandwich and chicken shawarma were great. Service was prompt and courteous, and the iced tea was tasty. And the baklava were the best I think I've ever eaten. 

I'll definitely be coming back!
Great food always! Great little market, full of treats and good eats. Don't leave without a variety of the baklava. I recommend going here any day!
Been coming here for a couple of years on and off, customer service isn't good and at times pretty rude. Chicken shawarma is the best in town, beef shawarma is the worst in town. And their gyro shawarma is alright and I was notified by an employee that the gyro is not halal.
Absolutely great. Not a traditional setting, but the food is fantastic. Good for lunch or dinner. Skewers of meat, veggies, Turkish coffee, yogurt soda...
Good food at very reasonable prices. Could use a little cleaning and "freshening up" but I've enjoyed all the food I've eaten there - I've been there about 7 or 8 times.
Outstanding food, authentic recipes and quality ingredients, freshly prepared and served hot, or cold, and fresh. All set in a quaint and unique setting which is amongst a grocery store.  These are the reasons I have been frequenting Haji-Baba for over 20 years now. It is the go to place for quintessential Middle Eastern food and authentic, tasty, savory, nutritious and delicious offerings for both vegetarians and those who enjoy protein and meat.  
I have eaten Greek and Indian foods elsewhere and seem to always judge those meals by this standard, and it is not until I come back, taste the sampler platter, fill my belly, and get some baklava to go, that I realize Haji-Baba is the real deal.

Haji-Baba is Five Stars All The Way! + A Grocery Store Too!
Just Go Already!
Been going here for 20 years and have never been disappointed.
I've been here twice and have eaten the beef and chicken shwarma plates. They're both really good (although the beef is better). Good hummus, good sides. I tried my friend's grape leaves last time and they were delightful. I'll definitely come back!
My favorite dish here is the chicken shwarma plate. It's especially good when they burn it a little bit so it's crispy! It comes with weird diced salad, hummus, pita and rice. I could eat here every day it's so good!

Service is alright, but I just care about the food at places like these.

5/5 WCB
Quick, no frill restaurant situated in a Mediterranean/Arabic grocery store. Had lunch here my first day in Tempe and the food kept me fueled for the rest of the day. Ordered the beef shawarma and it was quite good. I think the chicken might've been better as some pieces of the beef had been cooked too long and had that mealy texture. The dish usually came with salad, rice, and Arabic bread, but I don't eat grains so just asked for more salad. It was a big dish. The dressing on the salad was tasty, and even though it was mostly iceberg lettuce, I was fine with it this time. The beef came topped with ample tahini sauce. I ate about 3/4 of it and took the rest with me. Dinner for the night taken care of!

My total came out to $8 something including tax. Pretty good for a quick, tasty yet filling lunch. 

When I was leaving saw that they have lamb tongue as a sandwich. I wonder if they would make that into a plate dish instead of a sandwich...I bet that's delicious!
I was introduced to this stellar establishment by my brother before I moved out to AZ and it has remained one of my favorite restaurants in the Phoenix metro.  The atmosphere may not be the most appealing, but I doubt you'll be paying much attention once you taste your first morsel of pure scrumptiousness.

I've tried everything on the menu and their food has never failed to disappoint with
my favorites being their Gyro Platter, Hummus, and Babaganoush.  Gyro meat is always tender and perfectly spiced while their Hummus and Babaganous is simplistic but extremely flavorful.   Portion sizes are extremely legit for the price and you either leave the restaurant with nostalgic leftovers or a truly satisfying food coma, both of which I have no complaint.  

On your way out, make sure to grab some of their indulgent Baklava.  Always sweet, always crispy.  

Overall, highly recommended and completely unforgettable.
Some of the best felafel in town. Good food. Pleasant service. Truly affordable. And if you cook with spices, check out theirs. Fresh fragrant and a nice assortment.
I saw the reviews on yelp which took me to this restaurant. It was me and my husband, I ordered the shish ( lamb) kabob plate and my husband ordered the kabob kubideh sandwich. I thought the quantity of lamb on my plate was really less (one small skewer) with lots of rice, salad , one burnt piece of tomato and bell pepper. Plus the dish itself was really dry overall..the taste of the lamb itself was just about average..nothing to rave about. My husband's sandwich was also..well..mehh..very dry, loaded with lettuce and the sandwich bread was not tasty. thing is, we just moved to Arizona from California and the quality of middle eastern food in California is really good and maybe that's why we were disappointed with this place. Anyways I might give this place one more shot to try the chicken shawarma. Till then, I'm going to stick to 'my big fat Greek ' restaurant.
Still great food, but prices have gone up considerably. Used to be college student friendly pricing. Now the prices are on par with all the other middle eaten restaurants in the Valley. This is sad to me because I frequented this place weekly in college for the great food and even better prices!  Still worth checking out if your in the area and in the mood for good middle east food.
Everything is fresh and they have a little market too!
*Note that the restaurant is not in the same building as their international store near Price Dr. but further west on Apache Blvd, just west of McClintock Drive. 

Somewhere in the remote past, I swear that I was an Arabian. My taste buds tell me so. I dream about sitting underneath a feathery date palm as I watch my camel sup from the oasis. I think I must have been a camel driver's daughter. 

But in this life, when I want to satisy my Arabic cravings, I go for the hole-in-the-wall type places and for our 6th anniversary, I tried Haji-Baba. On Sunday, today, it was very crowded. The noise level makes it hard to have a conversation across a table. I will return on a weekday for lunch. 

My husband had the kafta combination. I ordered a la carte yogurt salad, falaafel, baklava (for the first time) and Arabic coffee. Mmmmm. The yogurt salad was just a little on the spicy side, not too bad and very healthy. The hummus was thick and creamy. Baklava is like a granola pastry with a crepe layer on top. I think I tasted honey and cinnamon. The Arabic coffee had just the right amount of kick. 

Just a couple of quirks: They don't give you spoons unless you ask and it's impossible to eat all of the yogurt (hello?) with just a fork and the side of falaafel is supposed to come with 3 pieces and they only gave me two. Also, they're not as generous with their pita bread as other places are. We only got one piece per person. But the food is wonderful. 

I gave my compliments to the cashier. I said, "aT-TaAm bikhaier", which means "the food is good" and he understood me! Yea! Very filling. Try this place.
My favorite place to grab a gyro or Shawarma plate in Tempe. The food is very reasonably priced and you get served relatively quickly. 

I have had pretty much everything on the menu and there is only one item that I do not recommend. I am a bit of an adventurous eater so last time I was there I decided to try to the lamb's tongue.

I am a fan of beef tongue I think under different circumstances I would enjoy Lamb's tongue but the texture was quite gristley and they flavored the tongue with an inordinate amount of lemon. 

There was lemon in everything, the lambs tongue, the rice, and the salad. To make matters worse I ordered a lemonade I could not avoid that damn lemon! 

Despite not enjoying the lamb's tongue everything else is quite delicious. The baklava is spot on!
My first time here was great! I ordered the chicken salad, which was a lot bigger than I expected it to be and tasted delicious. I've noticed a lot of reviewers complaining about the atmosphere- the restaurant is situated inside of a Middle Eastern grocery store, which I actually thought was pretty cool. It's a smaller place with not too much seating, but I liked its charm. I'll be back again! Tip- if you like baklava, they have plenty of different kinds here :)
Started with the olives and babaganoush.  Tasty olive selection.  The babaganoush wasn't the best I've ever had, but it was pretty good.

My daughter had the kabob koubideh sandwich, which I just happened to take a bite or three of when she was done.  Nice and savory and perfectly cooked.

My sister had the chicken schwarma, of which I had a bite and the chicken was tender and flavorful.

I had the combination combination plate.  The gyro meat was very savory and my favorite part of the meal.  The grape leaves, with the warm orange rice, were the best I've ever had.  The falafel were average.  Too much crunch and not enough flavor.  The tabooli was the perfect complement to the savory meat.  I'm not a huge kibbeh fan, but it was decent.  The sambousek was delicious.  

Good service.  Next time I go, I want a tour of the grocery store.
A lot of people probably drives by this place daily and doesn't know what this place had to offer. I been coming to Haji baba for past five years and food quality havens changed. I love everything on the menu. Plus the price is reasonable and great service which is rare in Tempe. Place is a little small since it is dinning room and store. Anyway if you haven't been here it is about time to come in and have some delicious middle eastern food.
I have a hankering for all food of the middle east and these guys know how to throw down. Some of the best schwarma and gyros. Marketplace is great source for spices and sweets you won't find in the neighborhood grocery store.
Very yummy! Had the gyros platter. Very nice portion size for a nice price! The store in the restaurant is great to shop.
We went back for a second visit and it was just as good as the first.  This no frills place was packed due to the upcoming UofA/ASU game.  The chicken shawarma plate is quite delish!  I love the lemony tabouleh, creamy hummus and garlic mayo that comes with the dish.  Had tons of leftovers for the next day meal.  Yum.  They use lots of garlic which we both loved and it didn't matter if we kissed later!
This place is absolutely AMAZING!  I've been coming here for over 16 years and it's the same AMAZING place today that it was back in 1997.  I've never ventured past the Gyros, Chicken Shawerma, and Hummus Tahini but these three menu items are absolutely AMAZING!  The food is AMAZING, the portions are good, and the prices are right.

I hope to write another review 16 years from now saying how AMAZING this place has been over the last 32 years.

Haji Baba Rocks!
This is a few tables on the side of a Mediterranean grocery.
The food is delivered quick, and is very, very delicious and very reasonably priced.
Only reason it is not a 5 star, you have to pay at the counter, and during the lunch rush, it can go 10 people deep, and take forever to get out of there.

Lunch rush is super busy.
The food here is fast cheap and good! I had the gyro sandwich and also sampled my friends falafel and sambousek. Including my friends sandwich and two drinks, our bill was about $15. Great deal and delicious, loved the cucumber sauce and pickle flavors in the sandwich.
Highly recommend coming here if you want good middle eastern cuisine. I gave it 4 stars because of the slow service. Overall a very good place to eat.
Authentic, tasty & expertly prepared food, this pretty much sums up our meal at Haji Baba. 
We decided to have lunch here after reading the glowing reviews for this place on yelp. At first glance, it looked like any other store in a strip mall but inside, it is divided into a store front & a restaurant. The space is clean & the service is excellent/attentive. 

our lunch consisted of a vegetarian combo plate(falafel x2, baba ganouj, tabbouleh, grape leaves x2) shish kabob plate(lamb kabob x5 pieces,rice, lettuce salad with tahini,1 Arabic bread) side of labni( kind of cream cheese), ful mudammas (mix of beans in a flavored curry sauce)- yes we were really hungry :)
In the veggie combo- The falafel was crispy, freshly made & grape leaves were unlike any I have eaten. The ful mudammas was tasty, well prepared/flavored without being spicy. In case of the shish kabob plate- the lamb was well cooked (I asked for medium done meat & that's what I was served) but it was bland. The portions are huge but prices are reasonable . 
Don't miss picking up some yummy middle eastern desserts from the store, to finish up your meal.  
We left Haji Baba, stuffed/content & with lotsa doggie bags!
Place has an old Arabic architecture, even the aura ( mainly because of the spices)  reminds of Arabian culture. Food is priced reasonably and tasted good.

One thing I noticed that it has no female servers because of conservative Arabian culture.
Oh yelpers....you steered me wrong this time.... I went to Haji Baba yesterday with a friend after having a friend recommend it in addition to having great yelp reviews. Let me say, it was not so awesome. My friend went to wash her hands and said the bathroom was one of the most disgusting bathrooms she had ever seen in a restaurant. We both got the chicken shwarma plate with the garlic sauce...the plate was large, but the food on it was not very good. The chicken was some of the worst quality I have had in a long time....having cartilage and other chewy grossness.... The garlic 'sauce' was more like mayo...really gelatinous. The rice was just plain white rice, the hummus was ok....pretty generic, the tabbouleh was almost all parsley, barely any grains or tomato.....it just was not so pleasant. I would not go back for sure.
I'm a New Yorker and this is the best Middle Eastern restaurant I've eaten at. I came with my husband, son and in-laws. The decor of the restaurant isn't great but I appreciate that since I did not want to be in a fancy restaurant with a crying toddler. The restaurant is attached to the grocery store so if I wanted to attempt making this delicious food I could've bought the ingredients. Amazing food- hummus, tabouli, grilled meats all very tasty. And they receive a 5 star because for the first time my mother-in-law did not send her dish back.
My father is really good friends with the owner. So I have been coming to this place since I was probably 4 years old. Still, today, it's the BEST place to go and get middle eastern food. The chicken kabob plate is just absolutely fantastic! They're not pricy and you get your moneys worth with the size of the plates! You could probably even share a plate if you wanted to!
Been here 3 times this month. The chicken shwarma plate and gyro plate are excellent. The prices are great, portions are huge and i can never finish it all. Service is good. Highly recommend!
This is one of the very few Arabic restaurants in Phoenix. It looks like a hole in the wall but generally these places produce the best food.

I have eaten at this restaurant for many years going back to my college days at Arizona State University. 

I always love the food especially the chicken showarma plate. I highly recommend the chicken. The beef in my opinion is not that great or tasty and the sides that are served with it are not as tasty.

Falafel ... Humus... Everything else is really authentic and very tasty

When you walk in don't expect to be wild with the core... But expect to have some really tasty food
Everybody I know loves Haji-Baba. For me it's just okay. I love Mediterranean food - veggies, hummus, babbaganouch (sp?) and all the rest. I just feel that the food here is mediocre. With as many choices as there are in the valley for finer food, this one ranks lower. If you're on a budget, however, this is your place. Great prices.
The food is great, the shawarma plate, hummus, mixed grill, it could've been better tho. The staff and service is ok.

4-star mostly is for the garlic souce
Great authentic food, and the service is excellent. I recommend either the mixed grill or the chicken shawarma plate!
I was just here again yesterday and boy was the Gyros plate delicious!
You can't find better. Shawarma is a force to be reckoned with, great homemade pita bread, and amazing hummus. Also insanely friendly staff, great iced tea and lemonade, and perfect pricing.
Delicious food at a great price. Generous portions as well. This is a hole in the wall type place and it's as authentic as it gets!
Outstanding food , excellent service, simple yet solemn , great smells great taste, great people coming together to share the warmth and culture. Thank you for sharing
Having frequented Haji's throughout my tenure at ASU, my boyfriend and I will sometimes come by for a Chicken Shawarma plate, extra pita and garlic when we're craving great food. The other day, we were too late stopping by another middle eastern restaurant as we had only an hour left until our show at Gammage played. We knew we wanted to sit down and eat, but were trying to figure out a place that would serve us, bill us, and send us on our way (in the most efficient and NICEST way possible). Haji's was it. It has been the EXACT same recipe since 2005 and if it ever changed I'd cry. It is THIS EXACT shawarma that made me attempt to remake it for my parents in DC. VERY TASTY, but nothing will ever be good as the original. I hope they know how much of an institution they are. LOVE!!!
Went to Haji Baba with my wife.  My wife and I got a kabab combination, order of foul, and an order of kibbeh.  It was good.  This is the standard Middle Eastern/Lebanese fare.  It is a place that you go for good food.  The restaurant is pretty casual.
I don't think I can add anymore than what everyone else have said. This is likely one of my favorite places to eat in Phoenix. I always get the chicken shawarma. The chicken is soooo moist and perfectly grilled. Just simply amazing. I always ask for extra garlic sauce for dipping. One of the most amazing and flavorful dipping sauce. Only one negative comment: the pita is chewy sometimes. Maybe this is just my personal preference but certainly not a big deal that would keep me from coming back. 

-keep eatin'
I'm relatively new to Middle Eastern food so I dont know to much about it.  My brother and I went today to check it out.  Only thing close to it I have tried was India Oven (decent place in its own)

The outside of the restaurant doesnt look like one at all.  It is on the right side of the building while the market takes up most of it (Not very big to begin with).

We got seated immediately even though it was busy.  We decided what we wanted and got the chicken shawarma.

I really liked the chicken, the hummus was good enough and trabooli was good (never had it before in my life).  Rice was rice, so it was fine.

Nice prices, the whole plate was covered with food and all tasted fine.

I can't wait to try something new and delicious next time
It's no coincidence that a place as inconspicuous as Haji-Baba could get so many Yelp reviews (and most of them stellar).  This was the first place I ever met fellow Yelpers in Phoenix, as it was the venue for an UYE (Unofficial Yelp Event) and I was brand new to the valley.  It did not disappoint... the food is amazing, for both the price and the quality.  And, of course, I was thrilled to discover how nice all of the new people I met from Phoenix were.

I've continued the tradition of introducting people from out of town to one of Phoenix's (Tempe... you know) brightest gems.  Even a friend from Napa, who knows fine wine and fine dining, was blown away by the food here.  I had the chicken schwarma platter which, in my opinion, is the best sampler of what they offer here: delicate Basmati rice, creamy creamy hummus, spicy chunky chicken and tabouleh (I believe that's what they call the greenish side salad-ish stuff). My dining companions ordered the gyro platter and were happy as can be.

Another treat here, besides the incredible food, is the grocery store.  I was on a mission to find a spicy Tunisian pepper condiment, harissa, for eventual use in homemade merguez sausages. I found it and have it tucked away for the next time I dare to make my own sausage.  Haji Baba has become my one-stop shop for all things Middle Eastern and delicious.
I love this place!
Finally found a convenient, affordable, and delicious middle eastern food!
Fantastic Falalels, hummus' tabouli, and the like.
My very picky lady even devours their shawarma!
Healthy, tasty, and inexpensive, you won't find a better mom n pop local joint serving up this level of tastiness!
Pure awesomeness........ This is the best middle eastern restaurant we have been too in Phoenix.  The food is great, service is outstanding even when it is packed at lunch time.  Make sure to make time and pick up some treats from the store.  The baklava is to die for, just do it you deserve it.
I love this place! 
Delicious & very affordable. We got the chicken shawarma, the falafel sandwich & pistachio baklava.  The shawarma was filled with perfectly seasoned chicken, garlic sauce & veggies, the falafel was the best I've had and the baklava made my day. We love this place and have come back numerous times.
This whole in the wall place was outstanding. The food was amazing as well as the service. I HIGHLY recommend
It. The only reason it gets 4 stars and not 5 is because of the rustic ness of the place. It's actually inside the store !!
Haji Babas is really the best. I live a few blocks away and eat there at least once a week. I usually order sides.. some combination of: hummus, chicken kabab, koobideh, and falafel. I also get a large container of the "garlic sauce", and literally put it on anything I eat at my house until it's gone.
I love holes-in-the-wall and the food here is fantastic. I came with a group and we ordered a bunch of dishes to share. Combination platters offer a sample of everything and we got shwarma to top it all off. The gyro meat was a tad dry but all the other grilled meats and falafel were great. They are not open late so be sure to get here before they close. Prices are excellent for the amount of food you get.
I always enjoy my eating trips to Haji's. I had my favorite. the Gyro Plate, and I also had the lamb tongue, which was delicious!
Have eaten lots of middle eastern food, even at really good places, and seriously, EVERYTHING at this place is better than the others,....and some others are really good! There is something about the quality and tastes here that simply surpass the others. Is it fancy and well decorated? No. It's in a corner type market. But, amazing food! And the service is always friendly and you feel like part of the family.  Prices? Ridiculously moderate/mainstream for what you get.

Worst thing about this place is I don't get to eat here enough,.....oh, and that I can't get this exact food everywhere at any moment - they've ruined me on middle eastern food anywhere else.
I have been eating here since I was a young warthog, and I have never had a bad meal here, the food is out of this world phenomenal, I suggest the shish kabob plate, and the service is awesome as well. When it comes to comfort food, outside of the home kitchen, this is the place. Now quit reading this and go!
I've been going to Haji for about a decade.  Love the food (although with I go I'm usually craving the Chicken Shawarma and Gyro plates.  Just very tasty and other Middle Eastern restaurants pale in comparison.

Only complaint?  It's not closer to me so I can go more often.
Tasty...reasonable price, ample portions.  The chicken shwarma is delicious.
This place is so delicious! Nothing fancy, just great food! I love their tea, it has a slight cinnamon taste, so good!
The market has really cool stuff and cheap spices!
Haji Baba was very good. I would absolutely come back if I'm in the neighborhood, and might drive across the entire Phoenix metro area to come here, if I have the time. I had a veggie platter and also ordered a falafel sandwich to go! The baba ghanouj (sp?, depending who you ask) was the best I've ever had. Hummus was top-notch - very smooth and creamy. Tabbouleh (again, sp?, depending who you ask) was a little leafier than I like. My meat-eating family members raved about their gyro and chicken shawarma, too.

Extra particulars:
Went with my father and brother after catching a spring training baseball game. It was fairly late, but we slid in about 15 mins before closing and they didn't glare at us, so that was nice. The service was friendly and efficient. The layout of the place seems a little odd - grocery store on one side, casual restaurant on the other side - but I dug it. Overall, a great casual place to get some really good, fresh and healthy food for a great price.
I've been coming here for 20 years and it is as delicious and as reasonably prized as it was on day 1! Love the rose hip lemonade and the chicken shawarma plate.
This place is super hard to find and you'd never think to eat here unless someone refers you. Well I'm referring you. It is awesome! I haven't had anything I didn't like but there gyro is so good. They give generous portions and it is delicious. Also their feta is amazing.
I had mixed kabob plate, babaganoush and falafel. Yea, a lot, I wanted to try everything. It was yum. Cleaned my plate. Wish is was closer to my house. I could eat like this every day.
Haji Baba is the restaurant (and store) I always refer to as the Gold Standard of Middle Eastern restaurants in the Valley.  To be honest, I've had better Middle Eastern food; but what they offer, how much of it they give you, and the stellar service provided, easily makes this restaurant THE place to beat.  The most-memorable item on their menu is their dolmas, which, I admit, I didn't like when I first tried them, but have since fallen in love with:  fat, with a unique filling I can't really describe and served hot. ( If, like me, you are used to the small, cold, rice-filled dolmas, you really need to try these and keep an open mind.)   Typically, I get the vegetarian platter, which, like most of what they serve, comes with copious amounts of tabooli, hummus, felafel, yoghurt (sort of like tzatziki, but not quite), dolmas, etc.  If you have a big appetite -- and readers of my reviews know I'm gluttonous -- you will NOT be hungry when you leave this place!  My partner is a fan of their gyro sandwich, which, not surprisingly, is big and tasty.

Haji Baba also has a store taking up half the establishment offering a variety of foods and other items from the Middle East and Bosnia.  They also sell fresh Feta (get the Greek, not the Bulgarian), Burek (a cheese-filled pastry), decent baklava and many other things unavailable in the Valley at very reasonable prices.  Disadvantage (for me)?  They're all the way in Tempe; so if you live west of I-17, bring a book and lots of water for your haj across the Valley to get here!

One more important note:  I read, with much amusement, the review from someone complaining that she showed up here in an evening gown only to find out the place is "one step above a fast-food place."  Honestly, that's no exaggeration:  show up here overdressed and don't be surprised if you see people doubling-up in hysterical laughter and running to the bathroom to avoid peeing their pants.  Most of the customers frequenting Haji Baba are students from nearby ASU, local workers on lunch break and your average, every day 'proletariat', as I'm sure the complaining reviewer would refer to them as being.  Haji Baba is by no means fancy; but if you're looking for good food served by friendly employees, who work their rears off, moving fast to serve you and ensure you leave happy with your experience, then this is the place for you.  I've been coming here on and off for more than 15 years now and not once -- NOT ONCE -- have I ever had a complaint or issue with anything there.  If only for the fact I've had better Middle Eastern food in other, less worthy restaurants, I would've given them five stars.
Such a great hidden gem. I could drive right by it and not know it's there, but now that I do I will definitely be back. Had the gyro plate- tons of food (enough for leftovers) and the rice is to die for. This place kills other Middle Eastern restaurants by far!
I always enjoy the Gyro Plate! absolutely delicious!
Absolutely love this place!! Chicken sharwama plate is da bomb! Huge portion, quality is always consistent. highly recommend this place!
Food was painfully bland. I dined in a group of four, so I tried several appetizers and main courses. 
Appetizers: kibbe, hummus, baba, dolmas. All bland. 
Main courses:  lamb kebab, chicken kebab, felafel 
Best food I had: felafel, baba, chicken kebab
Love the gyros. Hands down the best. Great people always friendly and the baklava is freakin on point. Been coming here for 7 years. I'll keep coming!
Loved the food. The service was excellent and fast. I can't believe we waited so long to try this place. There is a nice grocery store inside and a restaurant section in a corner. The Baklava we purchased from here was really good too. Will go here again.
Wow, delicious, inexpensive Mediterranean cafe attached to a great Middle Eastern grocery store!  Thanks so much to Kat K for the good lead!

The food is super inexpensive, and everything was not only delicious, but super authentic!!  My husband and I ordered the olives (delicious and multi-colored), yummy humus (and I'm quite picky about humus), tabouli salad and two felafel wraps.  The portions are not enormous, so we were able to try all of this and finish most of it without needing to be wheeled out.

This is hands down the best felafel we've had - crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, full of flavor but not at all greasy.  The hummus has wonderful texture and taste (I'm picky about hummus), the pita bread is fresh and soft, the olives are flavorful (not too dry or too oily, multicolored), and the tabouli salad is some of the best I've had (chopped perfectly with a little couscous and flavors - delish). 

The little cafe is super low-key and has cute murals on the walls, and the service is friendly and quick.  After lunch, we picked up some locally baked lavosh bread and some chocolate bars, and out total, uncluding lunch, was still just under $20!

We can't wait to come back!!
The food here has to be good, because curb appeal certainly isn't what draws customers through the door.  If I didn't know what I was looking for, I wouldn't even notice this little shop off Apache Blvd.  Once inside, one room is primarily a middle eastern market with products ranging from cool, to unique, to unidentifiable to my mere American eyes.  The other room is dining area seating, but certainly not high class.  I am not giving points on decor or atmosphere.

The food, service and prices makes up for it.  I've only tried a couple of dishes, but each one has been so full of flavor and so rich that I quickly realize I only need half a portion to be more than satisfied.  This is also because of the huge serving sizes!  All of this for nearly half of what I'd expect to pay at a larger, or chain restaurant.

Come with an appetite and an open mind.  I don't think I'll go out of my way to eat here, but when I'm in Tempe it's great for a quick stop.
So glad I found this place on Yelp when trying to look around Phoenix, Arizona for someplace to eat. It truly deserves the rating it has because this place will leave you with a full, happy stomach, a content mind, and a smile on your face when you leave. 

My boyfriend and I never truly tried Middle Eastern food, but we both were glad we checked this place out and that it served as our first taste ever of Middle Eastern food.   Upon walking into the restaurant, I was a little confused because it was half shopping market and half restaurant. But I felt reassured when I noticed that it was full of people conversing, eating, and looking so glorious with their plates of food! Not only that, but it was a diverse set of people which shows that their food is so great that it breaks cultural/ethnic boundaries. 

We were seated in such a down-to-earth fashion that it immediately made us feel so comfortable talking to our host and waiter. Service here is wonderful because not only does the waiter joke with you and is easy to talk to, but they are also efficient when it comes to bringing out your food and checking up on you--they do it so naturally, too. 

I decided on ordering the CHICKEN SCHWARMA PLATE (grilled marinated chicken with garlic sauce, rice, flatbread, hummus, and a cilantro salad?) that everyone else recommended. Glad my first Middle Eastern plate was this one because I finished like 95% of it (hey, it was a humongous pile of scrumptious food). The grilled marinated chicken tasted absolutely amazing when you mix it up with the garlic sauce and the rice and add a bit of hummus with each bite. Perfect mixture for the win!!! I made sure to eat the mixture with the flat bread first and when that was over, I killed the rest of it. To make sure my palette wasn't too overwhelmed with the meaty, creamy flavors, they had a cilantro salad that was refreshingly acidic to refresh your taste buds. What I also loved about this plate was the hummus; the hummus was well seasoned where you can eat a lot of it (since it wasn't too salty like store brand hummus usually are)--it had a slight taste to it which complemented pretty much everything on that plate.

Would love to come back here whenever I'm back in Phoenix. Would highly recommend it to those living in the area (you guys are so lucky!). You can tell upon stepping into the door, that you're stepping into a place of authenticity where they don't need the best decor to get you satisfied, all they need is their food and their personalities to keep you coming back for more.
I have been here a couple times after my last review. IT IS HEAVEN. I get the chicken shawarma plate every time. There are no regrets. Humus is perfect and so is the service. I also love shopping in the store.
Oh. My. Gosh. I am obsessed with this place!

I was visiting my aunt and uncle while I was in Arizona and, before my flight home, they suggested we go to this restaurant for lunch.. AND, it was also a store!

We all had a falafel (the best ever...never forget) and split a giant Greek salad. Absolutely everything was incredible - The flavors were on a whole other level of delicious! It's a total hole-in-the-wall and looks a little deceiving, but it's all worth it.  I promise!

I also chose to buy 4 pounds worth of spices. If you choose to do this and fly these with you to wherever you are going, just be prepared to not get your bags delivered until the next day. They may or may not have had to search it due to "suspicious-looking materials." :/
Not impressed at all. I tried several here things and liked about half of them. The only good thing about this place is that it's cheap. 

Good: 
Babaghanooj
Beef shawerma
Chicken shawerma

Bad: 
Hummus (no flavor)
Lamb tongue (chewy and horrible!)
Gyro sandwich

Unfortunately, I ordered the lamb tongue and only had one bite. Wish I tried the falafel instead. I won't be back.
I met up with some friends. This place was highly recommended to me by my girlfriend and her hubby. They go here often. The place is old and could use an update on their interior BUT their food is great! I had their chicken shawarma plate. It was a large portion and I shared it with my kids. Their fresh handmade pita is the best!!! And oh yes, don't order their yogurt soda drink- it's not the best tasting and they will inform you "no refund! " :)
So So So So So Yummy!!!!!
I love this place. The gyro deluxe is amazing. Has a full inch if homemade feta cheese at the bottom. I'm talking bite fulls of feta. The schwarma is great too a little dry, so I get the plate with kibbe, hummus, and cucumber sauce. The vegetarian plate it amazing too. All the plates are huge and will fill up anyone. The single items are great deals for when you just want a gyro for a few bucks. Very loyal customers in there that's because they do it the right way!
The reviews don't lie. The gyro is 3.99 and better than any gyro in town.  I've been disappointed with other gyro s in tempe.  I will come back for sure.
Prices are great food is better. Get the gyro deluxe, it's very filling. You also can't go wrong with the hummus or the falafel.
**Original review from 5/5/2011. Updating new profile.**

I used to go here a lot. The owners still know my name when I pop in on the occasional shopping visit, which I love. 

I am in love with their chicken shwarma and chicken kabobs.  I don't eat red meat, so I cannot comment on their beef dishes, but my son LOVES them. I always order their Arabic coffee.  It's not Turkish, as some people have written.  Turkish coffee is made with a different spice, but the technique is the same. Either way, I love the Arabic coffee here.

I would give them five stars, but their hummus can be too salty at times. Maybe they are using canned hummus, don't know and I hope they don't.  Also their tabouleh usually is dripping with lemon and that's too much for me. The bulgur should soak up just enough to flavor and still be dry. 

Here you will also find a great, but quaint, grocery store. Their pricing is awesome and I love the selections of spices, herbs and teas. Their feta is fresh and priced so well that I refuse to buy it anywhere else. They also offer various kitchen items that are priced very reasonably as well.  I've bought my tea and coffee sets from there and my cutting boards. They have a good, not huge, but decent selection of shisha also. This is my one-stop-shop for my Middle Eastern groceries.
Their Chicken Shawarma is one of the three dishes I miss most about Tempe.
This is very good Middle Eastern food. Not as good as the best I've ever had in New York City but definitely well above average and better than Pita Jungle! Pitas tasted as they should, falafel and meats were moist and flavorful and the Arabic coffee was the perfect sweet dessert all by itself. They could add a few little extras to spice up their sandwiches like tomatoes and onions. I asked for some extra tahini and they quickly brought me a cup at no extra charge. I like that!

They seem a bit understaffed with employees going back and forth between the restaurant and the connected grocery store, so getting a waiter's attention can take a few minutes. Despite this, the service was okay. They don't tell you, but they won't give you a check...only a stub that you're supposed to take to the cashier yourself. It's laid back in that way, which is kind of nice. I only wish they had a napkin dispenser or a paper towel roll at the table because this kind of food uses up paper napkins fast and one is far from enough! I'm a tough restaurant critic and I will definitely be back!

Btw, you have to drive slow on Apache to find this place because if you blink, you'll miss it! It is directly across the street from Tempe Fire Engine #1.
The dish that stands out at Haji-Baba is their Chicken Shawarma - sandwich or plate. What makes this dish so good and delicious is I think the way Haji-Baba marinates and grills the chicken. And the chicken that comes out of the grill is tender, juicy and bursting with flavor - it is simply delicious. I've also had their chicken and beef kabobs and they are OK; taste wise the kabobs don't even come close to the chicken served in the Shawarma. 

Also important to make note of is their Hummus; it is well prepared and can be eaten with a pita or used as excellent dipping sauce if you order kabobs.
I have loved Haji-Baba for 20yrs or so.  Cheapest way to get spices (if u save ur old jars).  Never drive by w/o stopping.  usually get babaganouj, tabooli, & falafel.
Great Middle Eastern food at the super price!  I come to this place often and always leave full and happy.  Half of the place it a grocery store with all sorts of fun stuff to buy!  I tend to pick up a few things after eating.  The sign on the front does not stand out at all.  They should get a nice light up sign even though they have no problem filling all the seats.  On Sunday it is take out only, I enjoy sitting down and eating on the other days.  Further east on the same road they have a larger grocery store which I have not been to but I should check it out soon.  You can't beat the prices on the sandwiches for the amount of food you get.  Check this place out and you may just become a regular!
My favorite middle eastern food for over 15 years! I haven't eaten at any other middle eastern food joint anywhere in the country that even comes close. Price is also unbeatable.
I came here with a friend. He had a combo plate and I had a chicken kabob pita sandwich and a side of rice and we shared food. Everything was full of flavor and tasted very good. It's one of the best Middle Eastern restaurants I've been to. They have a store that you can purchase products from and also a bakery section. Their baklava comes in different nuts including almond, cashew, pecan, walnut, and pistachio. Great place.
MORE HOOKAH!!!!
Just so ya'll know they have great food and a cool atmosphere too. But the real reason I go is because of the awesome hookahs. The hookah service boys (can I call them that?) keep my hookah going so I can spend an entire night smoking hookah, laughing with friends and enjoying the music. 
Grab a buddy or two and hit up Urban Cafe......but DON'T park in front of the liqour store....(the owner will be a jerk to ya' FYI)..
Peace
As a connoisseur of hookah, I can say that this place knows their hookah. They use real lemonwood coals so that you're not getting all the extra carcinogens that are in the self starting coals. The service is fantastic with the guys coming around with fresh coals all the time. They put the coals off to the side so that the tobacco doesn't burn off immediately. You can smoke one packing well over an hour.

The prices are fair - 10.99 for the basic hookah in your choice of flavors. For a beginner, i'd recommend green apple, double apple (if you like licorice), watermelon, or anything fruitier blended with jasmine.

I gave it four stars because of the lack of gourmet tobaccos, they only use the cheapest middle eastern variety (al fakher or cheaper) which uses decent flavors but crappy tobacco. The higher quality tobaccos are more expensive and thus I understand, but it'd be nice to have the option.

Also, drinks are 2.49 and you have to buy the bottle because a law in AZ says that there can be no open container at hookah bars. Farking legislators.
Great Hookah but I really think they need to clean the place. I have been there 3 or 4 times and everytime I have been the tables are always filthy the hookahs that are displayed are gross. ONLY enter the restrooms at your own risk because something in the toilet might come out and open the door for you. It's gross I don't care how good their hookah is they take no pride in their cafe and in keeping it clean for customers. Too many other clean Hookah joints in town I will not be going back!
I don't consider myself a connoisseur of many things, but hookah is one of them, and Urban Cafe knows their hookah.  Well.

I've been to hookah bars all over Tempe, Phoenix, and Chandler and this is the one I bring everyone to when they come to visit Arizona.  The building itself isn't anything special, shag carpeted booths and some typical tables and chairs with a wide open space in the middle.  

The service is pretty average, the employees are extremely attentive to both the food service and the hookahs, but they seem to get a little under the weather attitude wise when the place gets busy, though I can't blame them, and their service never declines.  However, if any of this makes you wary, I encourage you to set it aside and go regardless because the food and hookah is spectacular.  The Mediterranean menu is awesome and they even have some crowd pleasers like french fries and sandwiches.  The hookahs all come with hand-carved fruit bowls which is both interesting and adds a little flavor to the mix.  They are also happy to mix flavors of shisha for you if you're into that, which most of the places I go around the city won't do, or will do very begrudgingly. 

Bottom line, if you go to one hookah bar while you're in AZ, make it this one.
Byblos is that rare find in Las Vegas--truly ethnic and unpretentious, yet very close to the clutter of the strip. Byblos decor is very authentic, the tables have tablecloths and overall, the atmosphere is that of a pricey restaurant. That's when Byblos fools you--it is extremely affordable. The food is good, too. Everything is fresh and clean here. The lavash bread is tasty, and hummus and baba ganush are out of this world. The owners of this restaurant are Lebanese/Moroccan and it definitely does Mediterranean food justice.

It is still surprising to me that this place is not more popular; It seems as if it is somewhat busy for lunch with business professionals and couples, but dies down for dinner. In fact, it is common to only find owners talking business in their native tongues when you walk in--that's the only down side as it can be slighly uncomfortable. But, don't let that stop you--the food is amazing and the prices are very affordable. All food is freshly made daily and their deserts are out of this world good! (baked freshly, too!) Hot food is also excellent as are appetizers. 

Don't miss this place if you like true ethnic food without the price tag and attitude!
This place is ok.  I give it 3.5 stars.  Nice staff and everything is reasonably priced.  The best part was definitely the spinach pies and the warm homemade pita.  We ordered the falafel which wasn't bad..just a bit plain along with the chicken shawarma which wasn't shawarma at all. It was just chopped chicken breast cooked in a pan which made it more like a fajita style chicken which tasted fine but wasn't exactly what I was looking for.  

The menu looks good though.  I would like to try some of the other stuff and it is cheaper than the Greek American Grill across the street for the budget conscious.
This is the only Lebanese bakery I have found in the greater Las Vegas area that serves my favorite Leb treat, fatayer (it's a spinach pie in filo dough, much better than spanokopita in my opinion). My best friend is Lebanese and whenever I visit her family, her mom serves up the best fatayers...unfortunately, they live in NC, so I get this indulgence about once a year or so!

Byblos was one of my first initial and exciting discoveries in Vegas when I moved here. The owners are REALLY friendly. I'm sure they think I'm insane because I always preorder about 50 fatayer and swing by to pick it up every few months. I wouldn't have to if Decatur and Flamingo weren't so far from me!

I've had their chicken schwarmas, lebneh (Lebanese yogurt), and hummus...all very EXCELLENT and authentic dishes. If you've never had Lebanese food and want to try it out for the first time, this is the place to go!
Ok so i'm Egyptian and my Grand mother is Lebanese, so i love both foods, Byblos in Vegas gest 4 stars because i must say the appetizers weren't that great, the spinash pies and the meat pies weren't good and the humus was mediocre!

BUT THE REAL ENTRE WAS DELICIOUS, I orderd the Chicken and Kebab mix, it was great, and my uncle tried the Kofta so i had a bite of that as well, it was also delicious!
Pita Jungle is a great place to get inexpensive Mediterranean food (as long as you don't mind a bit of a wait).

The food usually gets served up really fast, but then your waiter leaves and -never comes back-.  I'm not ususally a stickler for outstanding wait service, but I do like to get my glass refilled and be given my check in a timely manner.

Never-the-less, the food is so good it makes up for any other flaws.
I just don't see the greatness in Pita Jungle. Sure they have O.K. food. They aren't as cheap as I would price them based on their food(it isn't that good). The resturant is realtively unpleant because it smells funny, and it is awkwardly designed. It is quite vegetarian friendly however.
WHAT A DIFFERENCE from the Chandler location to the Snottsdale location! The food is still unbelievably good, but here it comes with prompt service, accurate orders and fresh-showered, healthy/vibrant looking employees.

After this weekend I think I'd be happy to drive the 45 minutes to this location rather than the five minutes to the Chandler location for my Pita Jungle fix.
Nice large portions with pretty clean ingredients this place was a nice find.  My friend Andrea took me here and it was my first spot to eat in in Scottsdale.

I had the Pita Chips app which was huge and delish, as well as the Lavosh Schawarma Wrap.  It was big and filling and the chicken was good and there was a lot of it!  Definitely a good bet.  Inexpensive, clean, and pretty quick!
Huge greek food fan here.  The Pita jungle is awesome!  However, it's not the best place to get your typical greek fare from.  

FOOD: Their wraps and pitas (of course) are great.  For lunch, try the Schwarma Wrap and for dinner, get the Medchillada...it's huge!!!  The great thing about Pita Jungle is that it's extremely healthy for a restaurant.  Their food isn't greasy and they have whole wheat pitas and brown rice.   The hummus is always good as well.  They're not skimpy either...when you get chicken in a wrap, they stuff it with huge chunks of chicken breasts.

SERVICE - They have an opportunity here, but I won't complain too much.  This location seems to be better than others.  The wait staff is average, however extremely fast.  The kitchen can really get things out quickly which is great for lunch.

VALUE - Awesome value.  Just about everything is under $10 and you can get some pitas and wraps for around $6. 

If you're in to greek and/or healthy food, give it a try!
I never thought I'd say it but dammit, I have jungle fever.  

Pita Jungle actually makes healthy food taste good, which I didnt think was possible.  I usually go for some sort of chicken wrap, which comes with a salad, etc etc...  The hummus is also a staple in my PJ diet.  Cant go wrong with the caprese salad too.  

Service is something I think could be better...  The waitstaff is all pretty granola-y, which I have nothing against, but they dont so much hustle as they do shuffle around.  If you know what I mean,  No?  Go see for yourself.  But get there early, you'll usually wait a bit.
There are but a few things I can eat over and over and never get sick of, and one of them is the Broiled Chicken Salad from Pita Jungle. Ohh...my....GOD it is the best thing ever!!!!! I want to give it an award! It's the most simple salad I've ever seen but every ingredient is fresh, the chicken is marinated in what I can only assume to be GOLD, and the lemon vinigarette is incredible. Plus, it's an actual "healthy" salad, not typical these days where the caloric content of a restaurant salad reaches into the 1000s. 

I've tried other dishes here, too, but when I find something I love, i stick to it. It's not that I'm a picky eater. I eat pretty much everything. But I'm just loyal to what I love.  The Lavosh Shwarma wrap is great, too, and big enough to share or keep one half for your next meal. And their hummus is the best I've has anywhere - creamy and totally delish. 

Pita Jungle is my idea of culinary perfection - healthy, tasty, and affordable. When I've indulged (Read: Delux/DQ Blizzard/Z Tejas Frusions) Pita Jungle comes to me and my body's rescue.
Anyone who knows me knows I am addicted to their Gazpacho. It's so yummy and the pine nuts what a great addition. The cilantro jalapeno hummus is divine and so is the Gambas con Ajo appetizer. The portions are huge so you can definitely share with a friend. I love this place also bc I can walk in there after a yoga class and not feel like I am under dresses.
So how many different ways can you serve a pita? Well this place challenges all the laws of physics of the pita. Yes, it is good, and yes, it has a great menu. However, what I liked most was the diverse staff in the dead center of  DNA molecularly cloned Dolly-esque Scottsdale. They had to bus these people in from Phoenix, or Tempe. Like a diverse, artsy,  school equality program. They traded fake blondes, and muscularly tanned, ex-football jocks, who use way too much product in their hair, for artsy, unique, individuals. I wonder where the Scottsdale exchange workers went to? Anyway, if you want a cool lunch place, to kick back, talk to friends, or are just tired of cliched Scottsdale life, check this place out. (disclaimer: I do not reside in Scottsdale, but unfortuntely have to work in Scottsdale) I just pretend it's a Desert-ificated Norman Rockwell painting as  I drive by row after row of perfectly manicured landscapes. If Normal Rockwell lived in Scottsdale he would have changed his name to N. Roc Wells His friends call him "Roc"
Good, FAst, Cheap!

the production triangle. in my world your to pick only 2 of the 3....

Here you get it all...

had Chicken and Humus and Pita...delicious!...had to run to my yoga class only had 20min...there where blazing fast....serving was anapitizer but a big serving and under $10 ok so not taco bell cheap but a good value.. (at SAnta monica peir I once had a $25 taco bell bill for only two people! so location is every thing) 

Decore- I was really impressed I was afriad i need reservations!

can't wait to go back

edit-the coke was 2.25!  the meal was only 6.75 not sure what i feel about that yet...
I had plans tonight that were unexpectedly cancelled and after my yoga class (At One Yoga), I was starving. Somehow, I had managed to go all day without eating. Spontaneously, I decided to head over to Pita Jungle (Scottsdale and Shea) to see how long it might take for a take out order of Chicken/Hummus (sub cucumber for pita bread) and a small side of Tabboule. The bartender (Ana?) warmly greeted and, was cordial and efficient and told me it would be just a few minutes. She wasn't kidding! The total of my order was $10.39 and the bag of goodies was in my hands so quickly that it actually took longer for me to drive home...

The food held its integrity in the packaging and was 95% as good as if I was sitting on the Pita Jungle patio enjoying it with a glass of wine and about to head to the Gelato Spot for dessert. Tonight's trade off though is that, I had dinner while sitting in my favorite chair, with enough to have lunch and maybe a light dinner tomorrow night too!
Five stars to Pita Jungle for being one of the handful of places that my mom, dad, husband  all enjoy. Oh, and I love it.

After about 2 hours of deliberations last night we decided to head over to the Scottsdale location. Bad news was that it was a 25 minute wait. The wait was made even worse by the fact that I'm quite sure the hostess accidentally skipped over us at least once. But once we sat down we forgot all about it. The parents had the salmon ($13), my husband had the seafood provencal and I had the med platter (it's the first time i"ve gotten anything other than the lentil fattoush salad, which is one of my all-time favorite meals). We all all got the cup of red lentil Turkish soup which was fabulous!
Everyone was happy and full at the end of the meal and my dad was even excited about how cheap everything was.. thank you Pita Jungle.
A major drawback is the stale smell of the dining room.  My meal would probably have been a lot more enjoyable if I got to eat in the outdoor patio.

It's a good place, however, to take a mixed group - there's something for everyone - gyros and shwarmas for carnivores, Med platter (hummus, baba, tsaziki, tabouleh, falafel) for vegetarians.  Portions are generous - especially the lentil and rice side which was as big if not bigger than the mains.  Food hits the table fast and the prices are reasonable - no wonder this place is always packed.
Overall, I'd give this place a 5 star for fresh ingredients and taste, but I have to take away 1 star for its, errrr, pita?  Correct me if I'm wrong, but I found the pita to be a little dry and lacking in chewiness and since pita is the staple here, I just had to take away one star...  Otherwise, I'm sure the hummus would have been eaten completely instead of being enjoyed with a bag of Trader Joe's pita chips a few hours later (delicious!)..  Fresh tasty  food & I will definitely return!
The five stars is within the context of easy, affordable, healthy, casual dining. This is my default restaurant when I want a pleasant and delicious place to take my family. They have a great selection of flavorful food, lots of vegetarian options, hummus and the like, but also nicely spiced meat dishes, and very healthy wine pours with a good by the glass selection. 

The G Spot is right next door for gelato dessert. Yum.
I've avoided reviewing Pita Jungle because I just don't think my meager words can do it justice. So this is what I've come up with:

If I could live here for the rest of my life and roll around in their hummus all day long, I would die happy.

My favorite restaurant in all of Phoenix. Hands down.
One of my favorite spots here in Scottsdale!  I love their Baba Ganoush, Roasted Red Pepper Humas, Stuffed Grape Leaves, Falafel and of course the Baklava.

This place is is super inexpensive and they give you a lot of food...The only thing is eat fast because the food comes out of the kitchen at lightening speed! So if you order an appetizer wait to order!
Definitely one of my favorite places in Scottsdale!!!  I always order the same thing....  hummus as an appetizer and the pesto pizza as my meal.  Heavenly!!!  Definitely the best hummus I have ever tasted.  And the prices are very affordable. 

If I were to write anything negative, I would say that sometimes you have to wait awhile.  So, if you are going to the movies afterwards or need to get back to work..... leave plenty of time.  Especially if you prefer an outside/inside seat.
I really want to love Pita Jungle.  The food has always been consistently good.  In turn, the service has been dependably terrible.  This location takes the cake.  The following gripes may seem like an overreaction and, if isolated, may be.  It's just too bad that this type of service is par for the course at the Jungle.

The host was fine.  A nice enough kid, if a little in over his head.  It was a weekend afternoon and the crowd was accordingly large.  We were finally seated and our waiter was the requisite bored, slightly laconic twentysomething.  He took our drink and food order and promptly disappeared for an hour.  Seriously, we didn't see him again until it was time for the check and all he could muster was a weak apology muttered under his breath.  We did, however, get the unique pleasure of being assigned the hippest of hip female servers who brought us our food complete with a side of smug irony and a nasty case of stink eye.  At this time, we had to ask the totally overwhelmed host for silverware.  Nobody ever bothered to offer us drink refills.  

If I wanted to be surrounded by a bunch of kids who don't care about their jobs, I'd go to Joe's Crab Shack.   Whatever -  I'll probably still go back.
I love Pita Jungle's food (service is another story)!! Never had a bad meal. And what I love most of all is the lemon dressing they use on the Greek salad. It's soooo light and refreshing. The only thing I don't like is that they don't serve pepperochini with it. I could eat those things whole! Pita Jungle where are my peppers??

Anyway, as far as the service, I've gotta agree w/ Robert A. At both the Shea and Indian School locations, the service is very spotty. In fact, I was just at the Shea location last night, and after being seated outside...in the sun....we were not greeted by our server for 7 min! Ummmm....no water....no iced tea.....not even a "hello I'll be right with you"!!! On the flip side, the kitchen is lightening fast. No kidding, our food was at our table shortly after we finally got our iced tea! 
The Indian School location is worse for service. Because the location is so small, its like the servers are pissy just so you'll want to leave and they can rotate your table!
I'm not a vegetarian, but some friends visiting from out of town are.  After taking them here for dinner the other night, they loved it so much that we had to go back there for lunch the next day.

Their favorite dishes:
- Mediterranean platter, especially the eggplant dip
- Veggie stir fry, which is technically a side, but really large enough to be a main

I had beef gyro both time and would thought it was good, but I would have preferred lamb.
I love their food - but I am torn, I can't give them four stars because there service REALLY needs to improve!  I just go there to practice being Zen-like!  No matter how bad the service is I just smile!  In addition, I only sit outside because it is really loud inside which is far from enjoyable.
The wife and I love this place and have ate here too many times to count. Great salads, gyros, and pita pizzas. It's a popular and fairly healthy joint, one of the best places to get a good dinner for $10-20 I've found.
I love Pita Jungle. I don't live in Phoenix, but I visit often since my family is there. Every time, I go to Pita Jungle. My last visit, I went straight there from the airport. The food is so yummy, it's easy to order healthy, prices are reasonable, and portions are huge. I always have leftovers. The salads are my favorite, but the chicken plate with beans, rice and garlic sauce is also really good. And they have bottomless refills on my favorite drink -- Arnold Palmers. What more could you want? Pita Jungle, please open a San Francisco location!
Since I'm a regular at this location of the Jungle lately, I only feel it fair to review this one too... (I reviewed the Indian School location back in January).

This Jungle is still one of our regular restaurants on the rotation - it's cheap, healthy, casual, and huge portions.  Still consistent and I've never had a bad meal at any of the jungles.  I pretty much order the macro platter every visit, but on occasion I'll mix it up with a salad, wrap, or pizza.  Most recently, I really mixed it up since I was feeling adventurous.  I ordered us an appetizer of 1/2 hummus and 1/2 garlic dip.  I really liked it!    The texture was smooth and it went well with both the pita and cucumbers we requested.  Call me crazy, but I mixed it up even more and ordered the spinach pasta salad and added tofu to it for my entree - and again, delicious!  As a matter of fact, so good that I didn't even add my normal squeeze of sracha sauce!

If you haven't been to Pita Jungle, go soon - don't expect a fancy schmancy place; just go in with moderate expectations for good food that comes in big portions.  Speaking of big portions, I'm off to eat my leftovers... :)
I love there food, atmosphere, and there hip staff, which you could see working at trails. the portion size is eminence and the service is pretty good. I have noticed a couple more locations in phoenix and Glendale, will definitely be trying them out .
I love this restaurant!  The hummus with pine nuts and with chicken (or without) is to die for!  I love hummus, and this is so good!  I have also eaten their schwarma pits (fried garbonzo beans in a pita) which is equally delicious.  Yum!  I have also had a small lunch pizza with spinach, pesto, goat cheese, and tomatos. Yum! All in all this place has great food, and In have always had great service, and delicious food. It is very fun and consistent.  I will always go back!
If the kids like so do we.  Have come here a few times on our visits.  The pizza is good.  Nice folks.  We will be back again.
I like Pita Jungle. I like it a lot.

Yes, the portions are mongo, but you never leave wishing you had more.

I love that I can go here and still be healthy while eating out. The last two times I went I got the Grilled Vegetable Salad, which was tasty but I felt it was a tad on the oily side. Today I got a summer special -- the Mediterranean Salad, which had chicken, romaine, tomatoes, roasted red peppers, golden raisins, red onion, corn, cilantro and a lemon dressing. It was wonderful! I thought the raisins and corn were odd at first, but I really did enjoy it. And being that it was coming on 2:30 and I hadn't eaten much all day, I snarfed the whole thing down like a little piglet. But it was all good, healthy stuff, so I'm not feeling bad. :)

The downsides to this place are that it can be a little "crunch-a-fied," but hey, I lived in Boulder, Colo., for a number of years and so I tend to like that "granola" way. The only thing I sometimes see is that the service can be a tiny bit slow, but that could also be because it's generally hopping when I am there. The last two times I went the service was good.

I'd love to see them offer whole-wheat pasta. That would be a dream come true.

Good food, "crunchy" atmosphere (which I like), well priced and healthy, wholesome stuff.

Mmmm. I could go for some of that hummus right about now!

The servers seem to have a lot of those ear stretch things, which I don't get. Maybe it's part of the crunch-a-fied uniform. Ha ha. They can keep the ear things, just keep the healthy stuff comin'...
Pita jungle is "OK" at best, I'm Egyptian/Lebanese myself so i know what this food should taste like, Pita jungle do make a good attempt but the food is defeinitley not authentic, "BUT THEY DO NOT CLAIM TO BE AUTHENTIC EITHER", so maybe my personal expectations are just too high!!  but i must say" the Hummus is mediocre and the the pitas don't seem very fresh!
A few of my friends are obsessed with the Jungle and eat there at least twice a week, sometimes four times a week. I expected to fall in love immediately, but instead the relationship has been platonic at best. 

Having been dragged along by my friends on multiple occasions I've been able to try many of the menu items. So here's the good, the bad and the ugly of Pita Jungle...

The Good:
----------------
Lentil Fatoosh Salad - This lentil, rice and crispy onion and pita topped salad is one of my favorites. It's served warm and when fresh has a really great balance of textures and flavors. It's no good leftover (as with most salads)  so share with a friend or bring a hefty appetite. 

Blue Corn Nachos- My favorite appetizer item. A huge plate of blue corn tortilla chips is topped with numerous types of beans and more cheese than I've ever seen on a plate of nachos. It's accompanied by a side of tsatziki and pico de gallo. I recently shared just this with a friend and couldn't even eat half of it. 

The Bad
--------------
Medchilada- This gigantic burrito, which makes a Chipotle burrito look tiny by comparison, is rather disappointing. In this case, size DOESN'T matter. From the bland chicken and beans inside to the boring side of brown rice and pico, this dish is dull from beginning to end. 

Pesto Pizza- This doesn't taste bad persay, but I've had a microwave Healthy Choice pizza that tasted better. It's small, made on a pita and just isn't very satisfying. It pales in comparison to the glazed chicken lavosh pizza which is rather tasty. 

The Ugly
---------------
Store bought pitas from a restaurant who prides itself on using fresh and healthy ingredients. I understand that homemade pitas might be a lot to ask, but do the store bought ones have to be stale? Half the time I've ordered hummus, my pitas haven't tasted fresh. 

The waitstaff- Their website claims to have "fun and creative" people, but they are far from that. I've heard fans of this location defend the waitstaff as just being "laid back" and "nonchalant", but I can't help but feel they are just unfriendly and inattentive. They will bring you fresh drinks in to-go cups with no questions asked, but it'll take 10 minutes to get them. 

---------
Maybe I'm being harsh, but for a restaurant with such hype, I had high expectations which have never been met. I do like that I can sit for hours and never feel pressured to leave. That and the few dishes I enjoy are enough to keep my coming back, even if I have to spend half the time wondering where my waiter has disappeared to!
I don't get it? This place is always packed and the food is only ok. Maybe its the fact that the price is reasonable but as far as quality and authenticity, I would go elsewhere
I've been going to this pita jungle for years.  The food is really quite hit or miss.  i think I've had most of the stuff on their menu, here are a few standouts:  the hummus is very good, the shwarma is terrible, the turkey pesto wrap is good, the lentil fetoosh salad is very good, the club wrap is bad, the lavosh pizza is good, and the glazed chicken lavosh pizza is really very unique and tasty.  I'm giving Pita Jungle three stars only because of their service.  The service is not really terrible, I just find it annoying that the servers and the larger restaurant for that matter don't seem to care about your experience.  After being a patron of Pita Jungle for so long I find it weird that it seems like the restaurant actually tries to hire aloof servers.
I am a regular here - as well as the other valley locations - this one is closer to home though.  I feel like I know their menu without looking and I mix it up everytime I'm there - its great to order a few different appetizers and share everything - the more the merrier. I always feel that everything is really fresh and healthy. I have never had a bad meal here - however sometimes the service may be a little inconsistent. It's still worth a visit - its healthy, cheap and very casual.
Oh how I love Pita Jungle. 

I go here often - this location and the Arcadia one. I have tried a few things, but I have a tendency to pick favorites and not stray from them. I LOVE the Spinach Pasta Salad (which I add chicken to). The Jalapeno Cilantro Hummus is sooo yummy. 

To be honest, everything else I have tried hasn't really done it for me. I had the Lemon Chicken Artichoke Pasta Salad the other night and I just wasn't feeling it. The falaffel is good - but nothing compared to Pita House. My date got the salmon - he said it was really good. 

The servers are always, well, entertaining. I feel the urge to go spend my latest paycheck at American Apparel before going in for dinner. You know, the whole 'unattractive on purpose' thing. Can't say it's a trend that I've ever been into. 

The Scottsdale, Tempe, and Arcadia locations all fit the same mold. Trendy, nice little spots. However, I went to the Mesa one the other day and it just seemed a bit off. The set up is weird: seating is on one side and the bar is off in space in the opposite corner. I asked the bartender how business had been - she told me not so great.
I've been to many middle eastern restaurants, but for my tastes, Pita Jungle has the best hummus.  It is not to thick, not too thin, not too garlicy, not too mild.  Every time I go to Pita Jungle, I resolve to change things up and eat other things, but the hummus is too tempting and I normally get a side of mixed beans to round out the meal.

Sure, the 1,000 beans meal is great, but it is often too much food if I also have hummus.
Had dinner here last night. We used to go once a week and have dropped back a bit because of the service. PJ knows that the food is good and the price is right. They pack the house even though the servers treat you more like a nuisance than a valued customer, which is why they don't improve (and the only reason I knocked off 2 stars). I know they are all super-emo-cool but come on, there are lots of places to eat and the economy is bad! Treat me like you're happy to see me spending money in your restaurant! I have high hopes for the soon to open Desert Ridge location.

The chicken and hummus and lavosh shawarma were right on, as usual. You might be aggravated with the staff but you won't be disappointed with the food. Carry out anyone?
Pita Jungle is one of Fran's favorite restaurants.  We eat in or carry out from there at least once a week or more.  

We typically have the soups and the chicken hummus.  On occasion,  I have strayed and had the black bean, veggie burgers and Gyro Sandwiches.  They are all good.

If I have one complaint, it is that I feel that the menu is a little bit limited for me.  It might be because I'm burned out because we eat there so much.

In the end, you can't argue with the quality of the food or the prices.  I actually believe that Pita Jungle is one of the best values in town.
We visited Pita Jungle two consecutive nights while travelling in AZ. The first night, fantastic. Good service, waiter knowledgable of vegan items on their menu, great food. I had their hummous/tabbouleh plate and it was *enormous*. Normally, I make it my mission to finish my food (waste is my TOP peeve), but I just could not do it. So much delicious hommous...perfectly smooth, though not too thin, not too much garlic nor oil. And the fresh tabbouleh...yum. Nice and parsley-y. Easy on the mint (I detest too much mint in food). The pita, however, was a dissapointment. Too chewy. I could not eat that either. -Which is not good for a place called PITA Jungle.

Mum loved her pesto pizza (on a pita). Though, it was a bit heavy on the cheese, the pita crust remained crisp. We shared a yummy eel river ale and table water (which def. needed some lemon).

The next night, we tried to order another ale, but as it was friday night and they are in a lot with a cinema, they were quite busy, and had run out of glasses. Not just chilled glasses, all glasses. Never a good sign. 

Then, we ordered a cup of lentil soup for my nephew. It came out after a time, but not in a cup -a HUGE salad bowl. "Er, is this your cup of soup?" "We ran out of cups." And, apparently, they were running out of soup...because it seemed like the dregs and was ice cold. 

Luckily, the clean glass and beer arrived. Followed shortly by our other food, another pita pizza for my mum and the Falafel plate for me and my nephew. Thankfully, these items redeemed the night. Mum liked the Pita Pizza even more than the other (perfectly prepped mushrooms, and a bit less cheese), and again, the falafel plate was such a generous portion that there was plenty for my wee nephew and I to share (since he had no soup). The falafel were delicious, hot, crisp outside, soft within, not too salty, nor oily. The baby loved them. Came with lettuce, tomato, cucumber, and pickles! -which are not mentioned on the menu, so do NOT order extra, as I did, and risk the stink eye from your waitress and an abundance of pickles (albeit tasty ones).

We ended up enjoying ourselves yet again, but we had to wait quite a time for our bill, and then had to remind the waitress to remove the lentil soup. So, great food, huge portions, great prices, but woo... they need to be ready for friday nights.
SIMPLY the BEST
Coming to Desert Ridge in Jan. 09!!!!!!!!!
West side of Tatum -North of 101 -in corporate officepark
Yum! You know you're in trouble when you get hungry and immediately log on to yelp to find out where you are going to eat. But you haven't done me wrong yelp, in recommending Pita Jungle. 

Today I had a lunch of baba ghanoush and the pita pizza. There was plenty of BG left for me to take home, but the pizza was gone in almost an instant. Let's not debate this in the classic Chicago vs New York style, this is a pita with pizza toppings on it, not brain surgery. But the ingredients were what made the meal. FRESH. the spinach was not previously frozen, the tomatoes were firm and juicy, the mushrooms were not out of a can! there was a touch of feta, and just the right pizza spices. 

It was small, pita bread small, but that's cool, just because I want to eat like a pig doesn't mean I should...all of the assorted staff who approached me were friendly and the service was quick. I will be back for falafel, for pesto pizza, for the macro platter and a couple of the other sandwiches that looked good.
I've been to this Pita Jungle a million times... they are easily my all time number 1 pick for quality and consistency of their food, great value for the money, great atmosphere, and anything else you could think of for a cool, hip place to eat "not bad for you" food. The one thing that consistently lacks is the service, I swear it is like they hand out a new hire book that tells their servers to be aloof. BUT WAIT!!! This afternoon, I met the wife for a quick bite and had Nick for a server- the dude is awesome! He's not all up in your bidnez awesome, but laid back awesome. I am so totally thrilled to be able to write about a good service experience here because I really do love this place. 

So even on it's worst service day, I would still eat here, but I am stoked to have someone I can ask for when I go next time (probably next week :)

Eat here people!
Yum, Yum, Yum!  Went here for a late lunch, and was surprised how busy it was for almost 2:00pm.  The two of us were able to be seated right away, and received super fast service.  The hummus is delicious, although they give you a huge plate of hummus and only 1 pita with the small order....I could've used a couple more, but whatev.  The greek salad I had was the perfect size and delicious.  Just what I want in a light lunch!  

Definitely one of my favorite lunch spots, or dinner spots when I'm not eating pizza.  :)
My wife and I had dinner here tonight and as usual, it as fantastic.  The only problem was the Tomato Basil Soup ended up being very salty.  So, I sent it back and it ended up being a blessing in disguise because I got to try the Turkish Red Lentil Soup.  What a pleasant surprise that was, if you get the chance I highly recommend Pita Jungle. One of my favorite places in Scottsdale.
I loooove Pita Jungle!  Their food is incredible and healthy - a rare treat these days.  The hummus that kicks things off is some of the best I've ever had.  I've stuck to a few dishes including the Chicken Masala and the  black bean burger (I'm not a vegetarian, but I prefer it to real burgers now!).  I have yet to find hippy health food that compares.  The servers are always really nice and attentive, and best of all it's fairly cheap.  I would definitely eat here every day if there was one closer to old town!
that was likely the cleanest, healthiest gyro i've ever eaten (for better or worse). and the falafel balls were crunch crunch yum. i thank my phoenix native roommate for the suggestion - it was spot on what we wanted.
I love pita jungle and this location, since it seems to be bigger than the others. Awesome hummus and great Shwarma Chicken. Go check it out. You won't be disappointed.
I LOVE this restaurant!  GREAT hummus selections.  Fun staff.  Very reasonable prices.  You'll definitely get enough to eat!  There's cool are inside and lots of great seating outside.  I love that everything is SO healthy and that it's like a little hippy haven in the middle of posh Scottsdale.  Location is great!  It's a great place for lunch or dinner, especially if you want to eat before hitting up Harkins!

EAT HERE!
If you don't get here by 11:50, you can pretty much have a 15-25 min wait, espcially if you want the patio - and we all want that.  Everyone else has done an excellent job in reviewing them & their food, so no sense to repeat.  

Myself? i luv the chicken wrap - wow - such fresh ingredients, tender chicken, GR8 tatziki - how do you spell YUM?
Simply fabulous.  

Showed up on a Monday night (of all times) and this place was hopping.  As in packed.  As in - the only seats were outside.  

I was pleasantly surprised with attentive wait staff, inexpensive prices, and absolutely amazing food.  

Had the hummus, the Falafel Pita, and some Baklava.  I highly recommend it all.

You definitely have a new fan.
Love the pita jungle!!!  My fave is the chicken and hummus appetizer.  Definitely enough for a meal and super cheap too.  Also love the chicken swarma sandwich and the chicken pizza.  You can't go wrong here.
Best hummus on the planet. 

My favorite restaurant of all time.

The chicken pasta salad and the chicken combo platters are my favorites.

They catered my wedding almost 7 years ago and recently catered a bridal shower I hosted for a friend.

I've been to the Tempe, Scottsdale, Arcadia and Desert Ridge locations. All of them are awesome!
Love, love, love Pita Jungle. The food is absolutely delicious!!

For as many times as I've enjoyed their food, I've never actually dined in the restaurant (we always get takeout) - but judging by the crowds I always see - it is a popular spot for sure!

 I have ordered several things off of their menu and loved it - I usually get the Greek Chicken salad - they give you TONS of chicken and it's so delicious!
Love Pita Jungle! They have the best grilled chicken breast ever and will not tell me what they marinade it in :O)... all I know is that it takes three days to marinade.
I love their broiled chicken salad and hummus (original flavor) appetizer. 
My girlfriend and I go there at least once a week! we're both obsessed. It is healthy and reasonably priced.
Healthy food, delicious tea, but crowded on weekends

FOOD
I am usually not a fan of hummus- but this was the first place I've gone and liked the hummus. It was delicious! Every dish around us that was brought out to other tables looked delicious. (I only ordered a pita and hummus) The menu had a great mix of lite meals and heavy entrees. Great if you need a snack or a full blown meal.

AMBIANCE
The decor is unique- there are paintings (that are for sale) on the walls. The kitchen is open and you can view it from the dining area. 
It's noisy and usually busy. There's not a lot of room when you enter the main door. If one or more parties are waiting you may need to step outside to have any room. 

OTHER
When I asked for an extra pita at the end of the meal I expected to a $2.00 + charge. They only charged us .30 for the pita :) It was great!

Try the Iced Tea- it's delicious too!
I'm so glad I found PJ! I'm on an extended visit from the Bay Area, and getting tired of the 'over-bearing' fancy places in Scottsdale ... everywhere I go, I feel like I'm in a place where every element of the dining experience (architecture, tables, even the darned restrooms!) has been carefully crafted by committee to suck me in and empty my wallet .  PJ is decidedly 'rough and ready' and all the bettter for it.  

The caprese salad (tomato / mozzarella/basil) is surprisingly good, and the chicken Lavash (sp?) is fabulous - their bread products are pretty good!   My g/f enjoyed the Salmon too.  I love sitting outside in the heat at night, watching the world go by.  I would warn against the Chicken Tikka Masala, though; the waitress said 'It's good if you like Indian food'; I'd say, only try it if you've never tasted the real thing!  The chicken was pentiful but chopped into mechanical looking cubes, and didn't taste like they'd been in the sauce for long ... and the sprouts were decidely strange.   But still .. the atmosphere, and most of the food, are fabulous, so they get my vote and return dollar!
We frequent the Pita Jungle more than any other restaurant in the valley.  It's a great place to go for fresh, healthy, delicious food.  Undoubtedly my favorite restaurant around.  I love the decor of the Tempe, Scottsdale, and Chandler locations, but I think the Desert Ridge location strayed and tries to be a little bit too posh.  Regardless, the food is still delicious.  Try the red pepper hummus and the baba ganoush.  And the tablouli salad with hummus and feta cheese.  And if they still have the masala chicken special, eat that too.  You can't go wrong.
I went today with three friends for dinner around 6 PM Sunday night. Though it seemed quite busy, I was pleased to get a seat within two minutes upon arrival. Outside seating, despite a hot Arizona summer, was pretty nice with shade. However, this is where the pleasanties end.

Our table remain neglected for approximately twenty minutes. No one bothered to offer us drinks, and it was quite irritating to see tables who arrived after us being served appetizers. When our waiter came, he did not even apologize for the wait, and we gave our orders: drinks, appetizers, and pita sandwiches.

The hummus and garlic dip came relatively quickly, only twenty minutes later. Both were alright, but something is seriously wrong if all of us were only served one pita with the two dips, and each dip was more than twice the size of the pita. We asked our waiter for extra pita, and he kindly agreed. The entire duration of dinner, it never came.

Refills were also a pain, as we would ask someone to fetch our waiter, and he wouldn't come until ten minutes later.

An hour after ordering could not possibly justify only four meager gyro sandwiches. I've been to plenty of other businesses who have made that kind of order and more in just ten minutes during a busy lunch hour. Half the tables outside already left, including tables that arrived after us, and we were the last ones served. The food was of average quality, and I've been to better with cheaper prices.

Slightly expensive, I can see as justified. But many agree that time is worth much more than money. I had an excessive amount, over an hour and a half, wasted on a decellerating Sunday night. Staff is kind of nice, but I suggest a serious change in priorities so that first time customers like myself aren't immediately turned off. I can say for certain that I'm never coming here again, and I'll find myself at better places much closer to home.
I'm moved to write a limerick instead of a haiku...this time:)
   
     We stopped at the Jungle at lunchtime,

     The Hummus and Schwarma were both fine,

     The food is all scrumptious,

     The service is bumptious,

     All in all, though, we had a good time:)

I just noticed that I wrote an entire limerick without a single reference to Nantucket...a first for me:)

A solid 4 stars:)
Really good hummus and garlic dip, with the real star being the babagonoush (and yes, part of the fun of ordering is saying babagonoush).  I've never eaten here, only at the Tempe location back when I was in school, but whenever I am in the mood for something different to munch on while watching the game or if I have to take a dip or something to a party this is where I stop off
This place is always consistent. For the most part the service is always good and the food always comes out quickly. I love the red bell pepper hummus with steak, it comes with pine nuts, which Pita Jungle has made me a huge fan of. 

My go-to item on the menu is the Philly chicken pita. Always the same, always satisfying. I have gone to different locations in the valley a bunch of times and never been disappointed.
Visiting my sister in Phoenix we went here after 13 hours of sitting in a car and we couldn't have asked for a better decompression meal. 

     Started with some app's.  Falafel on a big bed of fresh butter lettuce, onions, pickles, olives and tomato.  Tasty, but the falafel's were i little small for the size of the bed of lettuce.  Baba Ghanoush was excellent.  Pure eggplant flavor with a dash of spice for a perfect dish.  But the best was the Spanakopita! Perfect layers of delicately sauteed spinach, crumbled feta and crispy crunchy filo.  The burst of herbaceous flavor and creamy decadent cheese was balanced and delicious.

For entrees, I had the Sirloin and Humus.  Decadent diced pieces of sirloin steak pan seared and tossed with pine nut's over humus. DELICIOUS!  The steak was cooked and rested perfectly and was complemented nicely by the earthy tones of the pine nut's and the slightly tangy woody notes of the humus.  My wife had the Broiled Chicken Salad.  Tender juicy chunks of chicken over a huge bed of lettuce, tomatoes and cumbers topped with zesty refreshing lemon vinaigrette.  Everything was fresh, crisp and delicious.

As for the personality of the restaurant, our server ( I believe her name was Lauren) was very nice, not pushy but helpful and was really on top her game.  No glasses were ever more than 1/3 empty and used dishes were whisked away within minutes of being placed aside.  The restaurant was a little loud and the tables were a little close, but even those things were vastly overshadowed by the rest of the experience. 

A great treat and one we hope we'll get to try again.
Everything is good.  I put 5 stars on the Tempe location.
HUGE fan of the Tempe location from my days at ASU so was psyched to hit up the Scottsdale location when I was in town last week. Still hard to beat the Schwarma lavosh wrap. Would love it if they opened a location in SF. Come on, please?
Pita Jungle is great and some locations even have live music!
The food at Pita Jungle is always good.  I like the garlic potato dip, the lentil fattoush salad, the Greek chicken salad, and the medchilada.  But everything I've ever had here is tasty and fresh.  I just wish there was one closer to me!
Conveniently located across the parking lot from Harkins Shea Cinema. They offer a step up from movie theater pizza for a quick bite before or after a movie. The menu offers nice vegetarian selections. The food is consistently okay. Beyond the hummus sampler it is mediocre vegetarian fare with a Mediterranean influence. The Gelato Spot is strategically located next door.
My husband and I were visiting Phoenix/Scottsdale and decided to give this restaurant a try.  We liked it so much, we came back to this location once and the one in Tempe another time.  The food is fresh, there are plenty of alternatives for vegans and non-vegans and the service was solid.  I loved the hummus, babaganoush and the veggie burger!
YESSS. I am truly blessed to live across the street from the Pita Jungle. This is one of the few places in Scottsdale with a good selection of non-meats. I'm fairly sure they've imported the attractive hipster waitstaff from Tempe as they look adorably out of place in this neighborhood. My favorite dish is the One Thousand Beans hot pita and I do believe it has nearly ONE THOUSAND BEANS! For about $8 it feeds me for three meals.
Had one of the best servers ever! I wish I got his name. But we were there last Saturday for lunch. He was ON it - I didn't even notice my ice tea was refilled until I went to take a sip and then he even asked if we wanted to-go cups when we were getting ready to leave. He didn't bother us unnecessarily but was always there too...how'd he do that? AWESOME! (He also came running out when my friend left her cc .) 

The food was DELICIOUS as well. I had the Shwarma - which is a hot pita with roasted chicken and all kinds of other goodness (hehe, I forget - but look it up on their menu). It was a good portion too, no skimping on meat or filling. The chicken was marinated to perfection, tangy and full of flavor. I was delightfully surprised. The pita itself wasn't dry either like I've had at other places. I ate the whole thing and am craving more right now. 

This location has a nice outdoor seating area as well as a jumble of indoor seating with not much privacy ..but at least the sound doesnt carry too much. We had a baby with us and sat inside, and we were comfortable. Gets busy during the lunch hour - though they said it'd take 15 mins for a table and we only waited maybe 5. 

I'm already wanting to go back.
I wish this place was in California!!! I would eat here often.  The food was delicious!  
My husband and I were in Scottsdale staying at my brothers, and wanted to go somewhere healthy...after 3 days of non-stop fried foods, burgers, pizza, well...you get the picture.  My brother said he knew the perfect place, Pita Jungle.
We arrived and took a table.  The server was great, the menu was huge, many selections to choose from...it was hard to decide!  My brother got the Chicken Pasta, husband got the Beef Gyro, and I got the Mediterranean Chicken Shawarma Pita.  All were excellent!  Especially mine!  There was SOO much chicken inside, along with hummus and lettuce.  Mmm..I wish I had one now! :)
The prices were great too, I think my Pita was something like 6 bucks.  Very reasonable for a great dinner.  I will be eating here again next time we're in Scottsdale.
P.S.  Pita Jungle please come to Long Beach!!! :)
I would give 3.5 stars if I could.

My friend and I tried this place for lunch one day.  The place is modern and has a comfortable feel.  We were seated promptly and started off with Chai Tea Latte which....wasn't really my favorite.  

My friend had the Beef Gyro which she really loved.  I honestly did not care for it but Mediterranean food was never my favorite from the beginning so I trust/value my friend's opinion more.  

I had the Pesto Pizza with chicken with the recommendation of the waitress.  I thought it was just ok.  The pizza was tiny and had not much flavor.  Again, I thought it was because I'm not used to the Mediterranean food but my friend didn't care for it either.  

*Location = close to the stores
*Ambiance = very comfortable 
*Service = a little unreliable.  we were served wrong dishes first and they had to take it back.
*Food = not my favorite...as for my friend who is into healthy food, her rating was around 3.5
*Price = Ok
Healthy. Delicious. Semi-non-chain-like. ;-)

I came here with a friend from SF tonight, after seeing another friend (Gene X.'s) stellar review of this place. 

At first I was a bit reluctant since it was in a strip mall, but after learning that "everything in Phoenix is in a strip mall" from my local friend, I settled in fine. We shared the cilantro jalapeno hummus and each got the Ahi Sesame something salad with pineapple, mangoes & strawberries in it - very yummy. I definitely liked this place, and it was a refreshing find for Phoenix - a city full of chain restaurants and strip malls, but with a few gems such as this one. :)
Really good, reasonably-priced, dinner option.

I was a little skepitcal (being from out of town) because of the name and the uninspired strip mall that houses it. But my native pho-town guide said it was one of his favorites, and that his career exile in DC had him missing Pita Jungle.

The hummus was fantastic - one of the best I've ever eaten, and the accompanying pitas were very good. We all ordered various forms of the chicken shawarma (pita or plate), and they were large portions of chicken, fresh vegetable additions, and delicious sauce. It was a great deal at about $10. I also got the butternut squash soup, which was good, but not amazing.

Pretty cheap eats for this part of town, fresh and delicious food, good service, very fast food prep, and a really lovely establishment overall.
There is a level of rudeness that we encountered here at Friday lunchtime that takes the biscuit, cake and pita bread. 

I was with a party from work which had checked in with  No idea what was going through her mind but to openly question if your Q Jumping, go back in to check, then have  my friend go back in to show his licence  just for the privilege of buying   lunch  here? Hey Soup Nazi was a  fictional character not a training video! 

Hard to enjoy food after such BS.  That being said the server was great, the food came out fast. The food was as good as the Pita Jungle I frequent in Arrowhead  ( with the nice staff :P )  and would easily have made it to 3.5 or 4 stars.
Good eats!
This is a perfect lunch spot. Prices are great, food is excellent and it's  healthy. Pita Jungle was a regular lunch spot for me when I was working in Scottsdale.
I love everything about this place and I eat at a Pita Jungle at least once a week. Here's why I love this place... 

First, the waitresses are all super cool and edgie. If you're a semi-goth chick with a couple of tattoos, midrif, belly button ring, and hot body, you ought to apply to Pita Jungle and go get me some hummus. 

Second, the hummus. I get a hummus plate with 1/3 hummus, 1/3 babaganoosh, and 1/3 Tadzhiki (my spelling stinks I'm sure). This is a great appetizer and is fun to share. 

Third, the prices. This place is a great bargain. 

Fourth the portions... They're huge! 

Fifth, the "Garden Veggie Wrap". Okay I love meat. But occasionally my body tells me I need some veggies. When this occurs I go to Pita Jungle and order this beast. It's huge, it's tasty and it's loaded with veggies. I figure I get a week's worth of veggies in one sitting with this baby. 

Sixth, everything else. I love everything on the menu... the smoothies, the Lavosh Schwarma Wrap, the pizza's, the wine list, and the Seafood Provencal is an amazing portion of seafood for 10 bucks. 

In closing please excuse my spelling. I ran spell check and apparently my spelling here is so bad even spell check can't help me.
Pita Jungle is always consistently good. We have been there quite a few times now, and every time we leave with our bellies full and satisfied. We are big fans of the pita crisp and the quesadilla. The service is usually fast and efficient, and the wait staff is young and funky, which gives the place a hip, local vibe. I would recommend this place most for lunch or a quick dinner on a weeknight, when you want something healthier than the usual fast food type places, but you don't want to go to a 'sit-down' type of place either, (even though pita jungle is sit downish too). Well, hopefully that made sense, but all in all a great place to grub on some good food!
My friends and I love going here for lunch. Not sure why, but it 'feels' healthy. Not sure if it is or not, but I'm very stuffed when I leave. The bell pepper hummus is awesome.
This place is always so awesome to go to...The food, art, service-everything, i always feel great leaving this place.  My favorite Items are probably the Red Pepper Hummus (which i add chicken to), the Chicken Shwarma, Veggie Burger and the Shrimp.  Also-they have one of the best Iced Soy Chai Latte's in Town!  Enjoy feeling healthy and happy while eating here-its awesome.
Love the Pita Jungles. A huge menu and unlike most places with big menus, their food is really good. Good food at great prices and the portions are ridiculously huge. They are single-handedly contributing to American obesity ;)
The cilantro-Jalapeno hummus if incredible, as is the gazpacho. Actually, I have never had anything here I did not like.
 
Everything is fresh and the ambiance is cool and hip. what else can you ask for...
Awesome. Just awesome! Great menu, great atmosphere (despite strip mall location), great service and DELICIOUS food. Wonderful selection for vegetarians and non-veggies alike. The name is kind of weird, but trust me, this place is worth a try!
I was suprised at how much is on the menu. I was just expecting pita wraps and that is not the case. They have a pasta dish and hummus and all sorts of good stuff. I ordered the hot Philly Steak pita with onions and green peppers  for $6.95. It was so good and i cant wait to go back to get it again.. I always worry about getting philly steak sandwiches cause I love them but some places dont trim the meat real well and you get lots of fat on the meat. Not this place, no fat on this pita. My friend got the California Club cold pita which was $7.95. It was  huge and she had to take half of it home. It came with a side of cucumber sauce. That sauce is delicious. I love this place and cant wait to try some of the other items on the menu. The best part was I left saticfied and perfectly full. We were quick to be seated and the food came out quick as well.
I may be new to Yelp, but I have been a huge fan of Pita Jungle for years!   I have dined at many locations including Scottsdale, Phoenix and Tempe locations.  

I love the cozy wine bar atmosphere!  My only wish is that there would be a sit down location in Old Town!  

I love the hummus, you can order ask for the humus trio - well worth it.  By far my favorite is the Glazed-Chicken Lavosh Pizza!  I get it with extra chicken!  The best!  I am also a huge fan of the Grilled Vegetable Salad.  You can't go wrong with anything on the menu!  

I eat in or pick up Pita Jungle at least once a week!  The portions are great and for dine in they have a great wine selection! 

What can I say Pita you're awesome!
We love the Pita Jungle.  What's not to love.  Excellent food, extremely reasonable cost.  Heavy wine pours.  We go every time we are in town!
I've been coming to this Pita Jungle off and on for a while, since I work nearby.  I can't figure out why everyone that works there is a jerk.  It seems to be only me - I see other people getting good service with a smile, but I'm always "S"-d on whenever I come here.  Today will be the last time I ever do.  Great food, but the one star is for the unconscionably rude staff.  My bro-in-law and another good friend feel the same way, too, and we're tempted to think it's because we don't look like we belong here, but that's just a shot in the dark.  Once or twice I'd forgive, but EVERY time?  F this place, seriously.
Stopped in today for lunch.

This place is usually busy because they have good food and friendly service.  I ordered the chicken tikka massala.  It is a large serving and comes with plenty of chicken and rice.  Nice flavors and spices.  Plenty to take home for leftovers.

Enjoy the outdoor patio when the weather permits.
Pita Jungle is where I learned that I like hummus! I never purchased hummus anywhere before eating there with some friends. My friends ordered it and I loved it. Since then, I've tried hummus many places, but I still feel that Pita Jungle has the best. Their pitas are awesome of course too!
Although this joint is by far one of the best restaurants NOT kept secret - I wanted to share my delicious experience with their temporary summer menu, inserted in their regular menu.

We ordered the "fried cauliflower" - it has now become a  pregger-status craving (anyone can have these cravings - sans baby!!) they are cooked, creamed with a yogurty sauce and mixed with fried sweet onions and dusted with curry powder, and at $3.99 you have no commitment. Just try it!

We also ordered a chopped chicken salad - I have no idea what the name was but it had a great flavor - and the addition of grapes and celery just made you want to take your clothes off and run through the sprinklers. THAT good. 

Also, I wasn't aware that P. Jungle had a Happy Hour - let alone a REVERSE Happy Hour - which I would probably be more inclined to go to. I think they have $2 beer and $3 house wines - but the HH ends at 530 - a little early. Reverse HH starts at 9pm and offers a ridiculous array of cheap apps - $1 hummus, etc. 

I O.D.'d on pita jungle awhile back - but I'm back baby!!!!
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Scottsdale, I come here about once a week because it is Delicious and healthy. I bring friends and they all love it when i bring them. Every time I come (which has been once a week for the past two months) I try something new. So far I have no complaints, the food has been terrific. Everyone should start off their appetizer by getting the chicken with hummus (Its the best). So far the best entree I have had is the Lavosh Shwarma Wrap, its just flat out great. Then if your still a little hungry i would recommend a cold watermelon smoothie, BEST smoothie I have ever had. Now the only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because the service is a little slow. It is always crowded every night, and the waiters and waitresses seem to move slow. Its definitely possible for them to be quicker if they tried harder I think. But besides that the restaurant is a grand slam.
this really isn't the best pita jungle out there. the food is great, but i rarely get my food the way i order it. servers are kind, but seem overwhelmed during lunch - often we get our food and don't see a server again until we're ready for our check. i can't give them less than 3 stars because i really, really like the food, but i wish it would come to me the way i order it more often.
Consistently good. Solid service. Healthy, light eats at an affordable price. Also close to the movie theater.
I have heard the Pita Jungle radio commercials for months now and have been wanting to try it. Today I finally did and it really was great. I went in during their lunch rush, OMG it was packed but the "to go" waiter was fast and knew exactly what to recommend.  I had the Mediterranean Roasted Chicken (Shawarma) it was really tasty. The price was not bad so I will definitely return. This is now one of my new favorite lunch spots.
I just don't get the Pita Jungle craze. What am I missing? I feel so left out! 

I've been to Pita Jungle at least 10-15 times because of friends who just *love* it. I've tried dish after dish and nothing has really resonated with me. Everything has been okay, but never spectacular.
Consistently a good experience. Amazing hummus, always a variety of new dishes.
Pita Jungle, where have you been all my life???....

Grabbed lunch with my Medical Director here the other day, kinda nervous cus you know...it's the MEDICAL DIRECTOR. 

They asked if we wanted inside seating, outside seating or first available. I blurted first available and she said she had a table right away. I think the big guy wanted to sit inside cus it was kinda warm outside.

Anyway, I wanted to order the Seared Tuna with Hummas but that was like $10 and his salad was more like $7 so I went with the Hummas with Taboule which was about $7.

Taboule is considered a salad I guess, I was sorta expecting lettuce and whatever but it's actually a bunch of chopped cilantro mixed with onions and lime...?  Then it was piled on top of their AMAZING hummas....OMG.... *drools again just thinking about it*

Served with 2 good sized pita breads, this was a fantastic lunch for me!  I even had enough left overs for dinner. The Taboule was surprisingly delicious and the hummas was orgasmic.

I will definitely come back again!
I've decided to boycott this location.
Every time I dine in or take out, the food is very different.  Different portions, different tastes, always different...
I frequent the Desert Ridge location, so not all is lost :-)
When I want to eat kind of healthy this is definitely the place to go.
OK, OK, I'm playing favorites, but I want to give props to the Pita Jungle on Shea.  Yes, that's right, props.  They have the same excellent food as the other PJs with servers who are engaging and attentive.  Tiffany was our server today.  Our order came quickly and she never stopped smiling.
Now, why haven't I hit them up for their HH before now? 
$1 humus 
$2 dolmaldes 
$3 chicken & pine nuts 
$3 glasses of wine?! (wow) 
{and this wine snob actually liked both the white and red, each from Argentina.} 

kids meal is $5 which includes fruit, drink, and things like pasta, chicken AND broccoli - it was a very big kids meal and extremely healthy. Alot of choices - cuz we all know how picky kids can be! 

I am defiantly go back to partake of this amazing deal asap - esp now that the weather has broken and time to be outside on their patio!
Always fresh, love the specials and the best flavored iced-tea. They ask if you want to take some to go so you have something cool to quench your thirst on those steamy days!
You gotta try the Chicken Philly Pita sandwich. It has huge chunks of the most juicy, flavorful chicken I have ever tasted!! How in the heck do they do that? Along with the red and green bell peppers, onion and cheese, this is a meal that can't be beat. Add the jalapeo and cilantro hummus and you'll be in pita heaven! I've liked all the pita jungle locations, but this one is really exceptional. I took a friend who I consider to be a "foodie"... He couldn't stop raving about how good it was. The server was really great, too. She visited our table just when we needed something. The mango-raspberry cheesecake is phenomenal, by the way! We told the manager how great everything was. 

Let me encourage everyone to let mgmt know when you've had a great experience in their establishment. Our country has become so fast paced we often forget common courtesies. It seems we are much more apt to say when something has gone wrong. Everybody wants to appreciated so take a minute to say thanks when you find someone doing an exceptional job!
Pita Jungle has become a hit on so many levels; after a movie, Happy Hour, reverse HH. 

Their chicken dishes are absolutely great. But, the real hit is their felafel's. 

We have also used their catering and it too was superb. We had a group of 75 to feed, we chose the chicken dishes and the group was blow away and we had extra to spare. 

Enjoy!
Incredible mahi mahi hummus special!
Inventive dishes, but the portions are too big to justify their motto of 'the art of healthy eating.' 

The service is average. On a busy night, try to order everything at once otherwise you will be at the table for a long time. 

Always try a special. They are almost always excellent. 

The hummus is excellent. We get it everytime, automatically. 

PJ is a great spot for a date or a casual dinner. Be sure to get your order in promptly, otherwise you'll be at the table for awhile. Drinks are available, but are not set at world-beater prices. 

Insider tip: try Pita Jungle for breakfast! They make a great egg pita sandwich!!! (Coffee is average, btw)
Flipping awesome.

The hummus cannot be missed - we had a plate that was split plain and roasted red pepper. The pita bread is bomb.

Service was great - they are all very humble and casual (attractive, too) and after describing a dish we had seen there once before but was no longer on the menu, he whipped it up for us no problem. 

All in all, you are eating light, healthy, filling, and fresh. What's there not to love? Plus there's a Zen Zen fro-yo next door. Done and done.
I just realized I have never reviewed this place even though I come here so much. Is the food authentic middle eastern? No, but its still darn good. Love the menu options. I've never had anything here that wasn't delicious... Totally my go to place. Enjoy!
Yummy hummus.....
I can't get enough of eating at this chain.  The cilantro hummus is a must as is the veggie burger.  Meat eating friends fall in love when I take them here and there's plenty vegetarian dishes for me.
I have been wanting to visit this place for awhile now but only knew about the Chandler location (see review)
LOCATION: In the same shopping center as Harkin's movie theatre. Convenient for dinner and movie!
ATMOSPHERE: It was a Wednesday night and this place was bustling! We had to wait 5 minutes to be seated. Dimly lit. Casual. Nice large patio area. 
FOOD: Large selection of Mediterranean food which we selected: 
1. Chicken wrap (schwarma) - pita wrap with lots of veggies, chicken, and a creamy white garlic sauce, which was very strong but good. The chicken itself didn't seem to have too much flavor but everything together made it A-OK.
2. Chicken with hummus - chosen by the native who consistently orders this dish. Comes with hummus topped with some grilled chicken with side of pita bread. Very, very good! Hummus has good flavor without the overwhelming cumin taste. Only complaint is that this dish is essentially veggie free. Out of the 2 selections though this one is better maybe because I'm a hummus lover. 
SERVICE: A little less attentive than we would like but it was super busy. Otherwise no complaints.
PARKING: Private lot in a shopping center/movie theatre complex. No problems finding a space. 
CONCLUSION: Good food, nice atmosphere. I'm a big fan of Mediterranean food so I would definitely come back!
Noisy, but nice. 

I met a girlfriend here for a lunch so we could catch up. The restaurant is very noisy; just one big room with an open kitchen. Most of the tables are so close together, you can hear other people's conversations. Although, I will say that the couple next to us were having a fascinating conversation about Sarah Palin and the whole "I've got you in my cross-hairs thing" and I was tempted to join in. 

That said the food is good, healthy, fresh, and plentiful. My friend enjoyed the gyros, big and bursting with meat and crisp vegetables. I had the glazed-chicken lavosh pizza; delicious with honey mustard glazed chicken, cheese, and onions. Just as important, the lavosh pizza was artfully presented and people around me asked me what I'd ordered. 

Prices are fair and the wait staff is friendly. As I was paying the bill, I asked for a drink refill and the server brought it to me in a to-go cup, nice.
Rarely do I give a 5 after just one visit, but my visit to Pita Jungle yesterday deserves it.  I was in a hurry, so needed food to-go.  This is often a dicey predicament.  I walked by on at 1:30pm on a sunny 72 degree day mid-week & the outdoor seating was almost full and the inside tables were packed with servers sprinting around every corner.  I walked to the back, asked for a menu, selected the special - Seared Yellow Fin Ahi burger on 12-grain bread with spicy aioli served with a side of garlic new potatoes for only $7.99!  I sat down, sent a text, Tweeted once - took a sip of my diet pepsi and was surprised to have my food delivered to me.  It was 4 minutes!  Holy cow!  The tuna was perfectly seared and deep pink in the middle and the aioli was tasty but not too spicy.  The bun was fresh and the potatoes were garlicy - but not too strong to prevent me from speaking to dozens of students at ASU a couple hours later.  On my next visit to Phoenix in March, I will return!
How can you do better than this for fresh food at a great value in a bohemian asmosphere?  You can't.  The hummus is smooth (and great with chicken), the gyros are stuffed with flavor, and the signature dish is the chicken del sol... Get it in you.
Salmon dinner with spinach and mash potatoes are to die for...Salmon is so juicy! I cant bring myself to venture away from it
Great food!
The hummus with chicken...I wish I still lived in AZ for this reason...I heart Pita Jungle!!!
While I loooooove Greek food, I have to say the few times I've been to this Pita Jungle recently, I wasn't impressed.  A few weeks ago I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, usually a full-bodied flavorful meal and it was downright bland!  I came back a week later and ordered the falafel wraps only to find out they gave me one tomato slice (the tiny end piece) and what could be called a "drop" of sauce.  Again....bland!   Not to mention the service was slow.  My mom had to get up twice to remind them of our drink order.  While I know that Pita Jungle has a great reputation and while I will say I have had good food there in the past....recent developments are leading me to believe the contrary.
I need to start this off by saying Mediterranean/Middle Eastern/Greek food is the one food I really know best, so I consider myself somewhat an expert on this one.  
Well, I ate here today and had the gyros and half order of tabbouleh.  The gyros didn't have enough meat and who added lettuce?  Not enough tzatziki sauce, also.  Must meh.
I ordered a half order of tabbouleh--something I make myself and well--and it was a very generous, below average tabbouleh...but they were very generous, anyway, with the portion since I found myself bringing half of my half home.  Still meh.
Maybe something else is better in there, because there were tons of people eating there...and I know it ain't the only game in town.
Next time I'll try something else and maybe then I will give it more stars, but for the gyros and tabbouleh just meh.
However, the host of the place (he could have been an asst. manager) seated me and gave me superior service, so I tipped well.  He was definitely not meh!
Ah yes. The good life.

Just finally had Pita Jungle for the first time. Read a lot of reviews about it. Friends bragged about it. Did some research online. Then I decided to order my lunch online since I only had an hour for lunch.

I ordered the Mediterranean Salad with a side of Mixed Beans.

Salad....divine. Golden raisins. I got mine with double chicken. Dressing wasn't necessary. Enough flavor in the vinegar and light oil. I only ate hlf of this thing because it was DAMN huge.

The mixed beans were interesting. I thought it would be a small portion. Turns out it was for a family of 14. Ok.....I'm overdoing it a bit. Family of 4. Amazing mix of pinto, lima, northern, etc. Fantastic flavors.

I'm coming back. Short review? Yes. But keep in mind, I ordered my food, picked it up, met my friend's parents, ate, and wrote this review all in one hour.

Order ahead online for pickup. 

Best. Place. Ever.
I've eaten here a few times just hoping to get something amazing since it has such awesome reviews and it's always busy. The food is good but not great. The service is ok, not great.
I would often times pass by this place heading to get a protein shake from One Stop Nutrition which is basically next door.  The food would always smell terrific, and the patio was always bumping.  The wife and I finally decided to check it out on a warm, beautiful Arizona night and thoroughly enjoyed our experience.  Our server was laid back and friendly, the food was healthier than most food  places and the quality was pleasant.  Prices are decent as long as you don't get wine like my wife and I did.  Was really impressed with this place and will be going back.
I really enjoy the Jungle.  It is a great place, and the food is almost always spot on.  I took one star off because more than a couple of times,  the service was not the best.  I recommend the lavosh shawarma wrap and greek salad.  Yum!
Great healthy place, love eating on the patio. Cilantro hummus with a little squirt of lemon on top is a good healthy snack. I like their chicken pasta salad, although the portion of pasta is a bit gratuitous. Maybe if they added some more flavor to it it would be more edible but once you're done with the chicken the pasta isn't too appetizing. However still a great place to eat once in a while.
Met my ma, bro and sis there for lunch the other day. Very crowded and noisy, aside from that the food was awesome as it usually is its been my this has been my fourth time eating there.
Amazing food, great alternative for a more "healthy" choice, and awesome happy hour. Best Gyros, best salads, and best ice tea to name a few. All in all, a FAVORITE!
The food at Pita Jungle never disappoints. Everything is made with high-quality, fresh ingredients. Four and a half stars for food.  I have a problem with the inconsistency in service. One and a half star for service. 

I've called ahead and placed to-go orders several times. I've never had a problem--everything comes out in generous portions and in a speedy manner. 

Tonight we decided to dine in (well, on the patio). Big mistake. Not only were we neglected for most of the meal, but "something happened to our ticket" at the kitchen. Thirty five minutes after we finished our jalapeo hummus and veggies we were brought some hastily-prepared food. Portions were considerably less than what I've received in my take-away orders.  

Our server approached us as if he was a random customer. I didn't realize he was a server until he told us about the specials. He was sparse throughout the meal too. Didn't even apologize for the delay until he brought us the bill. 

Maybe dining at home is the best way to enjoy Pita Jungle, which is a shame because this place has so much potential.
Excellent lentils and brown rice :). Highly recommended.
Went there for the first time today.  Love this place!  Fresh ingredients, good service.  I had the tuna w/pita bread.  Generous portions.  Took half home for dinner.  Pita Jungle rocks!
I've been coming to this location for years. I went to Israel in the summer of 2006 and when I came back to the states I refused to eat hummus because I didn't want to replace the memory of the amazing, authentic hummus I ate in Israel with some crappy hummus that you get in the grocery store. 

I didn't have hummus for over a year until I discovered Pita Jungle. their hummus (all 3 kinds) is the most authentic that I've found outside of Israel and New York. 

2 months ago I brought my roommate who professed to hate hummus to pita jungle. By the end of dinner she was stealing all my hummus.

Since the beginning of my interactions with pita jungle there is one thing that I have eaten the most frequently. The Fruit Fantasia (a plate of fruit and cheese) and the hummus starter. I'm going to let you in on a little secret: apples and hummus are delicious together. 

For the more adventurous people reading this try dipping the banana and the cheeses in to the hummus as well. YUMMMMM!

The only reason why I give it a 4 is because they give less fruit and cheese than they used to. It used to be the best deal going because I could make 2 meals out of the platter for something like $8. Now it's $10 for the Fruit fantasia and I only get 1.5 meals out of it. Still worth it though.

Bonus points: They have many healthy options for those people who are trying to watch what they eat.
Great place for a late dinner.  HUGE salads with wonderfully fresh ingredients, excellent, efficient service, and reasonably priced.  Wish we had one of these in Havasu!
Wish I would have known about this place 8 months ago... What a great little spot. 

Unfortunately, in sort of a dumpy mini-mall is hidden this little gem, great food, great service and very affordable. 

I had the Falafel Pita and also tried some of my friends Philly Cheese Steak Pita, both were two thumbs up! Healthy, clean kept and a great atmosphere inside the restaurant... I will definitely be heading back here.
I'm so sorry to give them 2 stars! But, alas, I had to do it.  This isn't about the service (which is great) or the location (location, location). Their onions penetrate every facet of the menu.  Everything! I just can't stomach it anymore, even after visiting 3-4 times.  some of my friends even work here! Anyway, don't come here if you don't like onions or sitting one foot away from the next table.
Order the "Hummus Trio".
Let me first say "I love Pita Jungle". I love the food, atmosphere and the locations are convenient for me. They have an amazing happy hour too. 

My last visit was not my normal experience with them. They were busy and there were about 10 of us however, the server was quite rude. There was one girl in our group that didn't eat because the server gave her attitude and she decided she didn't want anything that the server was going to bring her.  

The server also refused to split checks for us even though we told her at the begining we were on seperate tabs. When the bill came most of us were paying with debit cards so it was a little nightmare. 

Like I said earlier, I have always liked this place, but this visit was not a good one. I'll be back again and hopefully we will never get that same server again.
I went there for the first time a week ago. I ordered the Mediterranean Roasted Chicken (Shawarma) pita. It was a huge serving for only $6.50!  It was so big I had to knife and fork it! It was fresh and delicious. The chicken was tender and well seasoned. The veggies were crisp and the perfect combo..the sauce on it was amazing. I went at busy dinner time, the place was pretty packed. The service wasn't the best because it was so busy, but for having 14 people in our party, they didn't do too bad of a job keeping up. Overall, it was a great dining experience. I now see why a lot of the people I've talked to love the place!
We always enjoy a good lunch at any Pita Jungle but we liked this one the best because of the lovely terrace and cleanliness of the place.  Some Pita Jungle restaurants are a bit run down but this one is in great shape.  Our waiter was very nice.  The salad with salmon was delicious!
How can you go wrong here?! The food is always greats quality. I can make a meal out if the Jalapeno Humus and the Fruit & Cheese plate. Good Happy Hour to sit out on the patio under the misters.  Probably my favorite local business in the Valley
The Greek food here is amazing! Service was excellent along with the atmosphere.
Fresh tastes - great variety. Loved the mediterranean platter. Lunch time gets busy so get there early or do a late lunch. Great service too.
Went out with some friends, please be advise if you plan on sitting outside make sure you have a flashlight as there are no lights outside and it is had to see or even read the menu.  The outside sitting was packed, felt like a sardine.  too many tables way too close to others.  The food was just okay, nothing great - my chicken was way dry along with the pitas which had no taste.  The cucumber saw was good along with the salad.  Had to wait a while for our waitress, not good to go if the place is busy, service not good.  Just okay.
Love this place when I'm in the area. I used to get seafood special which they haven't had lately. Now I get mahi-mahi with hummus! Very good!!
We had some of the worst service I've ever experienced here at lunch.  It took almost 2 hours, and there were other people who came in after us, ate, and then left before we even got our food.

We had to remind our server many times for everything we asked for, and there were no apologies, no communication, and it was maddening.  Why should it take 20 minutes for a hummus plate?  It shouldn't ever take that long to simply spoon it on a plate and serve it.

The food was average at best.  The philly cheese pita had chicken and cheese and that was about it... there were literally 3 slices of green pepper and about 5 onions.

Finally, we ordered Diet Coke, and they served diet pepsi (without letting us know).  We ordered other drinks and they didn't even remove the diet pepsi from the bill.

The only reason I let the quality of food and the diet pepsi on the bill slide was because I knew it would take waaaayyyy too long to wait for a correction.

Steam coming out of my ears after that visit!
We really like this place and come here often! All the food is healthy and delicious. We have had some amazing side dishes, soups, wraps, lavash pizzas, lemonade, etc! We cannot wait to take our out-of-town family when they visit. Yum!
Went here 3 days ago. I normally get the chicken and hummus with the flat bread. However, this time I thought I'd switch it up and get the fish sandwich. Huge Mistake! I'd give the sandwich 0 stars. Honestly I'd rather eat a Filet of fish from Mcdonalds. Don't ever order this crap. Stick to the hummus or whatever else you know will be good.
I'm giving these guys the max (5 stars) because I go here at least once a week and the food is always great - at an incredibly reasonable price. The menu is very varied, and just about everything I try is good. The crowd is very different from the typical Scottsdale crowd, and the overall vibe is just right.  I tend to eat late, and it's nice to have a place that is not empty at 9pm. 

They don't allow smoking on the patio which is another big plus. 

Even though I gave them 5 stars, there are a couple of issues. 1) the place can be freezing inside - more so in summer, ironically - due to a/c being on way too cold. I've spoken to several waiters/waitresses, they say there is one manager there who insists on keeping the place icy cold inside, summer and winter. I always sit outside in summer, but in winter I do sometimes feel too cold.  2) there is one sub-standard waitress who has a definite 'attitude'.  This is sad because 99% of the staff are absolutely fantastic.  This one lady looks like she really feels the job is beneath her. Thank goodness I've only ever encountered her once in maybe 100 visits.
We have been to 4 of their locations (3 in Phoenix & the one in Flagstaff).  The food is great and is usually fast and consistent.  For this review, let's focus on the Scottsdale/Shea location.  They were busy, as usual, but...

We waited 8+ minutes for the server to ask if we wanted drinks because she was at the table next to us the entire time talking about her personal life with some customers.  (She grew up in South Africa with her family and I think a twin sister until she was 9 and misses it terribly...)  When we wanted a refill, my husband (after a 15 min wait with no one coming to our table) got up and went to the bartender for refills.  She said she wasn't allowed to (direct quote).  The hummus came out as a large, we asked for a small.  If you have been here before, you know it usually takes 5-8 minutes for hummus.  We waited closer to 20 and then another 15 for our meal of a beef gyro and the spicy chicken wrap.  My beef gyro came out and it was disgusting.  The meat was crusty and dry.  I couldn't eat it even though I was starving.  The server brought the manager over to talk to us.  We should have taken that opportunity to let her in on everything, but we were too hungry and frustrated at this point and potentially not thinking clearly.  She comped the humus (was not necessary, for the record) and my meal  and then disappeared.  

Another 20 minutes goes by, my hubby is done eating, we still don't have refills and just want to leave.  We had to get up and go find the manager so she could run our card.  This whole lunch took WAY over an hour and I left hungry and frustrated.  We have been to this location before but never had such poor service.  We probably won't be back to this location.
Compared to the Pita Jungle in Tempe, the one here seems to have tastier food.  The hummus was decent, the iced tea very refreshing, and falafel pita great tasting and filling.  The mashed potatoes tasted very freshly made.  Our total with 1 appetizer, 1 side dish, 2 falafel sandwiches, and 1 iced tea was $25 including tax.  Not bad considering the amount of food we got and the fact that it's in Scottsdale.
This place serves really great food at very reasonable prices!   We usually end up there around 9 p.m. or later and the place is always hoppin'.  The staff is very accommodating so you have the mixture of good food, good prices and good service - what could be better?
Popular casual chain pita spot. 3.5 stars

Food: 3.3, Atmosphere: 3.5
Cost to worth it rating: 3 (~$8 pita)
Return worthiness: yes
Eve award: best non-dairy garlicky sauce

Highlights:
- Garlic sauce: obsessed with their version as it's not cream-based. Has garlic, mashed potato, olive oil, and lemon. Simple, refreshing, and delicious--and friendly to the lactose intolerant crowd. Pitas would just be average and boring without it.
- Outside patio: love the tall fire tube heaters as they look really cool
- Buzzing atmosphere: lively place to go
- Portions: huge pita

Lowlights:
- Babaganoush: always love this dip but they put yogurt in there so couldn't have their version
- Tahini: bit too much spice included, I like the traditional pure light brown sesame
- Long wait: the hub went to get takeout and order took a half an hour--another guy waited 45 minutes!

I'd try it again to get more of that garlic sauce and come for dinner to sit on the patio.
SO good!  I don't know the exact names of the the food I had and I don't care.  It was all amazing!  I know I had the portobella burger...Delish.  Awesome hummus.  LOVED the curry chickpea soup.  Fun, healthy kids' meals.  Loved my daughter's shawarma.  I am dreaming about this place and I want one in Chicago.  Period.
This is my favorite Pita Jungle.  The service, the food and everything is so much better that the D. Ridge one.  I almost always rather drive further and enjoy my meal.  Today it was a very successful lunch.  The twins ate almost everything on their plates.  They are always great at letting me pick 2 proteins instead of one. I think our server's name was Chris.  He was very nice and efficient. I had the Gambas al Ajo, shrimp on a tomato garlic sauce with some pita with pesto and cheese.  It was delicious.  My hubby wolf down his black bean burger.  He kept raving about the potatoes that were on the side.  We will definitely keep coming back.
Pita Jungle is definitely one of my fav restaurants.  I've been here countless times over the years and it is always a great experience.  There truly is not a bad thing on the menu.  Some of my personal favorites are the hummus trio with chicken, turkey pesto lavosh wrap, and the black bean burger.  They def have the best hummus I've ever eaten.  Everything is very reasonably priced and it is an extremely laid back atmosphere with very fast service.  If you go during high times expect to wait, but it is always well worth it.  If you want to try a variety of dishes go during their happy hour and try their $1 or $2 tappas.  You can order a whole bunch!  Never had a bad experience here... I would highly recommend it to anyone.
Go for the Happy Hour. It's crazy cheap and really decent food. It's healthy and prepared more no-frills amateur-style, but it's all really good. I had the fresh chipotle veggie burger once and the chicken tikka massala with brown rice the other time. Both really good. The hummus is nothing to travel there for, but the price you can't beat for happy hour. You can get buzzed and eat for like $15 + tip. I wasn't into the falafel that much.
Pita Jungle is great. I always get the chicken and hummus appetizer! It is enough for a meal.
Went on a weekday evening and the place was full but not uncomfortable. We had to wait a few minutes for a table because we wanted to sit outside but the wait was reasonable. I'm usually determined to find the least healthy item at places that otherwise would offer some very healthy choices. So I ordered a Philly Cheesesteak pita and wasn't disappointed. Get some hummus before the meal, you won't regret it. The service was very good and the prices were reasonable.
Love the Pita Jungle, close to home, great patio, and great food. Service is on point and when it's not they make it right. Great place for lunch or dinner and a fairly extensive menu.
Walked in and ordered the Grilled Vegetable Salad with extra green veggies and the gal taking the order was friendly, prompt and my to-go container came out within 10min with a *crap* load of veggies - seriously awesome that they were not meager or stingy with those portions.  The green salad portion was small, but since I got lot of sauteed greens, I was more than full with that.

The ambiance is nice inside... I like it much better than the Ray/Dobson ambiance. This place has much more open seating and, like the Ray/Dobson location, a nice outdoor seating area (but in the front).  Actually, as I parked the car, I was thinking this place was going to be packed.. when I walked in, realized the patio was busy because no one was really seated inside - duh, April! the weather is perfect for outdoor dining these days!

Food was plentiful and delish, staff was friendly and quick, ambiance was nice yet casual - I'd come back if ever in the neighborhood.
The food is aways consistent here. I love the hummus and pita and also the chicken entree. good and friendly service always.
Just had lunch here. I have never had a bad experience at Pita Jungle. I love the food and the portions are way generous for their prices. It was super crowded here today but our server worked his buns off and did a great job. It's very kid friendly with a great kids menu. 

Thanks Pita, I love you :)
LOVE the cilantro jalapeno hummus dip with cuke slices.  One of my all-time faves, especially when wanting to eat light.  First time at this address and we sat outside with the cool wind and rain..
This place is always beyond packed, even when the doors open.  On this particular visit, I was one of 15 people waiting in line when the doors opened.  I had just come out from a movie, was hungry and wanted the grilled chicken and hummus.  I forgot how pricey it can be $11 for just that one dish, but was pleasantly surprised by the portion size.  

I waited about 15 minutes for my pick up order even though I called it in ahead of time and had to wait in line to get in the joint, which was less than awesome.  The service is never amazing, here or any of their locations.  

The food is what gives the 3 star rating.
This was my 5th visit to a Pita Jungle, usually predictably enjoyable.  Mediocre experience today, at best.  The staff seemed a little discombobulated today.  My wife had the peanut butter/banana smoothie ... How can you go wrong with that.  I had a side of hummus and a felafel wrap, how can you screw up hummus; however, the wrap was not good at all.  The felafel was burned, a good 1/16" of crust, they were literally black! That kind kind of ruined lunch.  Off to Whataburger now.
Absolutely wonderful experience last night  It was a bit later on so there was no wait and had GREAT service.  Terrific hummus!
I ALWAYS get the vegetable salad!  It is DELICIOUS!!!  I don't know how they do it, but the veggies are SOO tasty!!  I've tried making it at home, but it just never turns out the same!!  YUM!!  They're hummus is really good too!!!
So glad Pita Jungle has more than one location - although truth be told, I'll probably come back to this location - 'cause it's right next to Gelato Spot!!  I had the chicken shawarma - perfect.  I always ask for extra garlic sauce - and theirs is outstanding.  My sons had the Kafka burger, and my husband had the Kafka pizza on special.  From the first bite, everyone was sighing with delight!  Fantastic service as well!
I don't think I know a single person who hasn't been to Pita Jungle, a health-focused, Greek-influenced restaurant with more than 10 locations in the Valley. It's wonderful for vegans and vegetarians because there are so many animal product-free menu items, and so many meatlovers I've gone with have been crazy about meat-free items, too.

I get something different just about every time I go there, and usually end up ordering a feast that requires to-go boxes at the end of the meal. One thing never changes-I always order their iced soy cappucinos, which are so sweet and tasty on their own, no additional sugar is required.

When I went to the north Scottsdale location, my pal and I asked for a bunch of different things to sample, and everything was so delicious.

For starters, we had the cilantro jalapeno hummus ($5.79). All of their hummus types are great (there's original and red pepper, too), but this is my favorite because it's so flavorful. It has a little kick to it that diners sensitive to heat will be able to handle, and the cilantro makes it extra flavorful.

I also ordered a cup of red lentil soup, which was on special. Now, keep in mind, this was a cup-I couldn't believe how generous the portion was.

I sort of wish the soup hadn't been as mushy as it was-when I eat lentil soup, I like whole lentils in the broth. But despite the texture, the flavor was so good, I ate it all. It also came with a tasty pita chip to dip in the soup.

I told my pal she had to get the garlic smashed potatoes ($3.99), which have always been a favorite of mine. I love that they have the skins in, and they're not too creamy, which I love.

She also got a chicken tikka dish, which she said was great. I didn't taste it,  but it sure looked pretty.

I ordered another special for my meal, a spinach and cheese quesadilla. It's made with a flatbread instead of the traditional tortilla, which makes it really crispy. Not my favorite type of quesadilla because I'd prefer a tortilla, but it was loaded with veggies and seemed much healthier than just a plain cheese one.

I paired it with a special appetizer, fried cauliflower. I'm not a huge fan of the vegetable, but just like the radishes at Caffe Boa, I thought it would be interesting to try, and it was. It was in an interesting spicy sauce and was very filling for just being veggies.

The meal left us super-full, and I got two days worth of leftovers when it was all done. There are tons of daily specials to choose from, and the regular menu is huge, so if you're one of the few people who's never been to a Pita Jungle, head there now.
Great food and great prices. Sometimes service isn't the best, but can't complain too much.
If it was not for the convenient location next to a movie theater, I would surely never eat here. However, since it is the only place serving food at an affordable price for a teenager at the location, you get to hear about their sodium filled sauces, above mediocre service, and bland taste. I have had just about everything vegan on their menu. The rice and lentils are bland and tasteless, their potatoes are drenched in a sodium barbecue-esque sauce, and their veggie burgers are overpriced, too large, and not very tasty. 
The service is usually alright with an occasional good experience. 
At happy hour their tapas are usually a good deal, and go nicely with their $2 Margaritas. I recommend them. 
Otherwise, get in the car after a movie and go somewhere nice.
Always have been a fan of Pita Jungle since 2006. I recently revisited on my trip back and I have to say I am still very impressed!!! Their Lentil Fetoosh salad is great! However, their Caribbean Salad is a must have, especially during these summer months!
I was recommended Pita Jungle by a friend who loves the place. I thought it was good but not quite as incredible as my buddy does. I'll still give them another try to see if it was just my one dish on that particular day.
The worst service of any place I have ever eaten at in Scottsdale
Great healthy food, love these guys..menu choice is great, bring back the coconut curry please , please..
We have been to this location many times.  When you eat in the portions are fine but when you order out they cut the size of your order and still charge the same.  Last Friday we ate there, ordered the Mahi Mahi with vegetables and the fish portion was a decent size as was the vegetables.  On Sunday, 7-29, we ordered the same meal to go and when we got home the fish portion was half the size of the one when we ate in.  The amount of humus was also decreased.  
This is not the first time that has happened so if you are planning on getting and order to go make sure and look at the portions.  They seen to give less for the same price figuring that you wont see that till you get home.
Walls decked out in really cool photography, artsy and very friendly wait staff, healthful menu, low prices, large portions and fast service. We need one of these in Miami!

Loved the hummus platter. The plate was wiped completely clean after we were done with it, that's how good it was. 
The falafel salad was great. I love the variety of vegetarian options. I chose the macro platter: brown rice, steamed veggies, sauteed tofu and baked beans. The baked beans were awesome but the rice and veggies were bland. A little liquid amino's would have gone a long way.

The only reason Pita Jungle doesn't get 5 stars is the fact they don't serve whole wheat pita bread. That should be a no brainer.
I recently wrote a review about Pita Jungle's take out service.  I was contacted withing a couple of days and asked about my review and they also graciously thanked me for my review and information.  I have been in contact with them and they are working to correct the problem.  
They did make things right with me and I do thank them very much.  As I informed them, that incident would not stop me from going there just cautious about the take out.  I am very confident that Pita Jungle will correct any problems with take out orders and gladly give then a "I'm a fan" recommendation and will suggest them to others as well.  
Thank you for taking care of the problem.
I love the atmosphere at Pita Jungle, especially this one.  The prices are very reasonable and the service has been great the past times I have gone.  The cilantro jalapeno hummus is so good!  Ask for the greek pita when you order it.   It is different than the pita that they usually give you.  It is extra soft and goes great with the hummus.   The shawarma is delicious as well.  I am not a fan of pickles so I asked to get it without and it was really yummy.  Portions are pretty big/decent size as well.  Another plus is that we didn't have to wait very long for our food.  

I am rating it 4 stars because the happy hour is from 3-530 on the weekdays.  Not the best time frame.  Most people get off around 5 so I don't see how many could be able to go.
Heavy, flavorful Greek food. Portions are more than ample for the average person and lots of fresh ingredients.

Went at lunch and staff was harried but friendly. Pretty busy with lots of hustle-bustle but they got our party of 6 in surprisingly quickly.
I was first introduced to the Pita Jungle in the Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall by a friend. I got the gyro and it was delicious. It's not your typical gyro you would get at a Greek place. It's beef, not lamb, includes a pickle (kind of weird at first but I embrace it now), and not nearly as greasy/messy. It's a much healthier version (I think). 

I didn't know they had a restaurant location and boy was it a pleasant surprise! The menu at the restaurant is a lot larger than what they offer at the mall. I have had multiple things on the menu. My go-tos are the gyro, roasted chicken pita, and the greek salad (which is huge). All of them are delicious and I could come here again and again. Oh, the hummus is good too but you'll want to order extra tomatoes or cucumbers (for a charge) because they never give you enough. However, with so many great places to try in the area, I'm trying to dine at a new place every time I eat out so I haven't been back in a long time. This might need to change though. Writing this review is making me want Pita Jungle really badly! 

This location also has an outdoor patio to enjoy when it's not scorching hot. If you still have room for dessert there's Gelato Spot next door. The staff has always been attentive and friendly every time I have been there.
Went for lunch this week and did not even eat...dozens of flies caused us to leave...place was full with people who didn't mind flies landing on their food so it must be good...
I would give this place a better rating if the service was better. I always get the spinach quesadilla. Only thing ive found that i enjoy. Make sure you get the sauces in a cup on the side and not on the plate or your tortilla will get soggy,
Very good, reasonably priced, consistent Mediterranean joint.  We've eaten here dozens of times now, mostly at the Shea location but also Fashion Square and Desert Ridge.  Very good baba, hummus, felafel, pizza, veggie burgers, Mediterranean platter, and lentil salad.  Haven't had a thing I would not order again.  Service is good and consistent.  Another good thing about the Shea location is counter space overlooking the kitchen ... always reassuring when the restaurant is willing to expose its practices to diners, and sometimes interesting to see the cooks at work.
Ate here two days in a row, lunch and happy hour, and ordered the same thing both times- ribeye paco with red onions.  BOTH times they were served cold!!  Grease congealed on the plate cold! I ate them anyway, bad decision but they tasted good- not worth being sick the whole next day tho...Too bad because it is a nice place but with bad kitchen issues.
This is probably a 3.5 star review.

From the outside it looks like a small strip mall restaurant. However, upon entering I was amazed by the amount of available seating, including the vast outdoor area. 

I got the Hummus and Grilled Chicken starter plate. I opted for the Cilantro Jalapeo hummus and was impressed with the taste. However, it could have used a bit more bite (I mean, it is Jalapeno). The amount of hummus was almost overwhelming. It was essentially a tub of hummus on the plate, there was so much. There was no way I could have eaten that much hummus in one sitting. The chicken was also spiced, but again, I found it a little bland. 

It appeared that there were so many delicious choices, that I would give this place a number of chances (if I lived there).
Just had a couple drinks & an appetizer but received good service and the snack was good. Decor was nice and atmosphere fine. Nothing to rave about but no real complaints either.
The youngest step-son and I stopped in for lunch today and it was very good. He ordered the cheese pita, I tasted it and man it was good!! He loved it too! I had a cold med salad, it was loaded! It was huge! It was good, but a little too overwhelmed with a vinegar flavor. I love vinegar, but I wanted a little more complex flavor in my salad considering it had pine nuts, raisins, etc.  The were very fast, very nice and the price wasn't bad for such a nice, healthy, sit down lunch! I will be back for sure :)
Just OK
I'll fully admit that I am a regular of this Pita Jungle location. I come here an average of times a week. Usually I meet friends for their awesome Happy Hour and come on the weekend for dinner with my Husband or Family.
The servers area always really attentive and helpful. They are great with substitutions and picky orders. 


When at Happy Hour, I don't really drink the alcoholic beverages, but prefer their Decaf Berry Iced Tea which is delicious. 

Happy Hour is CHEAP and served Tapas style (I believe it is from 3-5:30 and then Reverse from 9-close). For $6 I can get a full meal.
I usually get an array of the following:

-Falafel with Tahni (This is always delicous, just the right seasoning and texture)
-Hummus Trio (I love their Hummus, flavorful, smooth and just the right consistency. You get about two-three tablespoons per order)
-Feta (They give you a block of feta cheese, drizzled with olive oil and topped with chopped cucumbers, onion and tomato, zataar as well. It's delicious)
-Baba Ghanoush (REALLY nice and creamy. I don't love egglplant, but I love the subtle smokiness of this dip)
-Pita with Thyme and Olive Oil (This is basically a small pizza with olive oil, thyme, tomatoes, feta and kalamata olives. It's perfectlly cooked and always yummy)
-Olives (They would probably be a little bit better if they were heated, but they have a great variety).
The dips are served with Pita and it is always the perfect consistency. Just soft enough but still with a little chew.

All of these items run $1 or $2. It's incredible.
I'm a vegetarian, but I know that my friends enjoy the Chicken and Shrimp options. They also have a very fresh looking caprese tapa.

For dinners, I've tried a variety of Items, I really like the Mediterranean Platter but it's just too much food for me. I love their cold garlic and tomato green beans that come on this dish but you can also get them as a side dish.

I often get an order of Lentils and Rice, Feta Cheese, Small side of hummus, and 2 falafel balls (which come with their rich and awesome Tahini). I mix them all together and made a Mediterranean Burrito Bowl. It's awesome, and I always appreciate that the wait staff is accommodating.

Also, their Red Lentil soup is a notable starter. It's really perfectly balanced and flavorful.

My husband is easier than me. He enjoys the Chicken Tikka Masala or Chicken Shwarma. He also likes the Mediterranean Chicken Salad. We come with large groups and people always seem to enjoy their meals and order a variety of menu items.

They have a great patio which we enjoy sitting on for nice days/nights.
For large groups- as far as I know they don't take reservation and sometimes there's a 30-40 minute wait for groups bigger than 4 on a Saturday night. We never really mind waiting though.

I love Pita Jungle.
The longest wait ever, it an hour and fifteen minutes to get our food. My mom had food poisoning after. I probably won't want to go back.
I went there yesterday and first of all, this is a very popular place, there were quite a few people in there for a MOnday evening. I had Tabouli Salad and Portobello Burger. Way more food thgan I could eat . The service was excellent. My kind of place!
Well all right, all right, all right...You guys are alllll right in my book! Every time I dine at either this location or one of your others, I have an overall great dining experience.

BTW, it is ALWAYS packed whenever I eat here - which I think is a great sign. 

Lots of menu options also for the extreme vegan, vegetarian or straight-up carnivore, like myself. Can't go wrong w/their delightful Gyro. 

Service is always helpful and attentive. Servers are always smiling and have a "pep in their step".

I don't know about you, but I thoroughly enjoy my meal AND am satisfied, but yet walk away with the "healthy and light" fullness that you don't get w/eating junk food. Very nice.
A Washington friend and I came here yesterday after a movie and feasted like Kings. 

Most do not realize that Pita Jungle has a Happy Hour where all their appetizers are $1, $2, $3.00, or about 50% off.  It lasts until 5:30 pm exactly, and then resumes with a Reverse HH at 8:30 pm.  Everything is excellent!  You can also can order off the regular menu as well. 

My favorite dish continues to be their Falafel on pita sandwich for $5.99. But if you do not like pickles, make sure you ask for it without.  LOL. We also had two of each of the following: their grilled shrimp, Hummus Trio, several individual serving of Falafel balls,  Baba Ghanoush (roasted eggplant), a side of Tzatziki sauce and two glasses of wine. 

As I said above, everything was excellent.  The bill came to a very fair $37 including taxes, but before tip. I'm still hopeful that someday they'll add a Tahini plater. 

Now even though our server was wearing a University of Oregon jersey, she did a very nice job, and was very attentive.  So despite our misgivings, we tipped her well.  Go Dawgs!
My husband and I went here for a quick lunch this afternoon. Service was OK. Not bad. Not great. 

We ordered the Spicy Chicken Wrap and a side of grilled veggies to split. The only good thing about the wrap was how big it was. Definitely glad we decided to split!! That's about the only positive thing I can say about the food here. The wrap was flavorless. No spice whatsoever. I also almost broke some teeth on the crunchy uncooked rice. For sure would not order this again. 

But wait....this is was REALLY bothers me about this place. They claim to be "healthy." The grilled veggies we were served were SWIMMING in oil. So much so that they were uneatable. I decided to look up on my phone the nutritional information for this so called "healthy" side dish and it was an astounding 450 calories and 41 grams of fat!!! For veggies! Not worth it in my book. If I am going to consume 41 grams of fat its not going to be on cauliflower and broccoli. Sorry Pita Jungle. I am not a fan of your bland unhealthy oily food and I won't be back.
I love pita jungle. I came here at 8:30pm on a Friday night. There was a small wait but they just ask for your cellphone number and they text message you when your table is ready. 

This place has such a wide variety of healthy dishes that all taste amazing. I highly recommend the cilantro jalapeno hummus. I ordered the Mediterranean chicken salad for my entree and that thing was gigantic and absolutely delish. They don't drown the salad in dressing so you can actually take it home and eat it the next day!

I highly recommend this place if you are looking for a healthy meal!
Came in with a massive group of people (18 I believe) and sat outside. The service was fantastic and very nice considering how disorganized our group was. The server himself gets 5 stars. 

We ordered various apps, wraps, and salads. The food here is huge, but the pita itself is not very fresh, seems store bought.

Hummus - Very creamy, and over blended, could have used more garlic and lemon.
Baba Ganoosh - Excellent, best thing on the menu
Chicken wrap - Mediocre at best, nothing to write home about
Chicken salad - Same as the wrap, same chicken

Overall the food was quite bland, and needed a lot more fresh herbs, garlic, and spice.
Good eats and good service! It's pretty much Greek food with a lot of vegetarian options. Not as good as authentic Greek food I've had, but a nice substitute.
I just got to sample your food at The Taste event in Old Scottsdale this weekend and was BLOWN AWAY with how delicious it was!! It was hands down my friend and I's favorite item at the event.

I believe it was a pita chip with cilantro hummus and ahi!! Magnificent! Can't wait to come into your restaurant soon. I've always seen it by the movie theater we go to and next time we'll come early just to eat there. Thanks!
I went to this Pita J and sat at the bar.  I liked watching all of the cooks bust their butts to get the food out.  But the waiters...yelling at the cooks and not saying please and thank you!  Putting their fingers and hands in and on top of the food that they are going to serve to customers... The money tip goes to the hard working cooks and not the waiters.  Wont be going to this Pita J again...maybe one of the other Pita J's will have a better attitude towards their cooks.
I love Pita Jungle but am not a fan of this location. The server my girlfriends and I had was very pretentious. The hummus is one of my favorites and we ordered that with some veggies, and they charged extra for some cucumber slices? Wow. I also tried something new this time, which was the lavosh chicken wrap. The chicken was dry and overcooked. Maybe more garlic sauce would have helped a little? I sure do love that sauce. Almost ordered a side of tzatziki to make it taste better, but the server was no where to be found for about 15 minutes so I just finished my meal otherwise it would have gotten cold. ALSO! We got here at 5:30 for happy hour, but apparently their HH ends at 5:30, not 6:00 like I thought the website said. Each location's HH ends at a different time. Just a heads up.
The first time I came here was a few years back and remember that I did not like the food . I recently went back after so long and have to say I had a very nice experience. I dont know if it is a good or bad thing that what I like most in this place is not a pita or a gyro. I love the mahi mahi and the wood fired trout. The green hummus with the mahi mahi is amazing. Both the dishes have the fish so well cooked - melt in your mouth category. Recommended for those two dishes for sure.
This place would get 5 stars everytime if they would just add more wait staff. Been in here multiple times and every waitress has too many tables so it takes a while to get service but when they do come around they are friendly and apologetic about the long wait. Food is phenomenal every time but management, please get more staff on each shift!
Place is great they have stuff for everyone. I almost always get the gyro but my whole family besides me is vegan and going out to eat w them is a pain in the ass, but this place makes it easy and less of a headache for me. Kudos!
Great Mediterranean food.  Food and service are always great.
Food is always is consistently good, and everything on the menu is healthy.
This is a staple and I come here at least twice a week. They would get 5 stars except they always seem to be understaffed. I get to-go orders which is pretty quick, but eating in drives me crazy every time.

The food is always excellent and consistent. Very healthy options and probably the best hummus in town. The service is poor, so as long as you're patient it's ok. I'm not sure if the management team even notices or cares because I've been coming here for a long time, and it has never changed.
Awesome Tapas Happy Hour!!!
The seared tuna with cilantro and jalapeno hummus is to die for! I always try to seat outside (unless is too hot), I found the inside to be too dark. Price is good, service is good, food is good, doesn't get better than that!
Yummy food.  Nice staff.  Tasted healthful and delicious.  Great combination!
We love this place.  Yes, it is too noisy and uber casual but the food is just yummy.  If you go be sure to get the red lentil soup, the hummus with chicken, salad, or virtually any entree.  They supersize most dinners so be prepared to eat a lot or take a doggy bag home.  Also a great place for vegetarians. Good place for a quick meal before or after a Harikins movie (located in the same shopping center).
I have loved Pita Jungle for some time, so this review is overdue. The concept is simple yet creative, HEALTHY food. You won't find anything dripping butter or hunks of fat here. It's a place to see healthy cuisine put on a pedestal, rotated and dressed up incredibly. I have learned from Pita Jungle that the mushroom is an under-appreciated food. They do amazing things with mushrooms! The portabello mushroom "burger" feels as meaty as a beef burger without the fat, cholesterol and the other life-shortening stuff. 

The thing I find most amazing is that while I order all of these cool veggie dishes there, I always walk away full and it stays with me. I'm happy, alert and don't feel like a swallowed a boat anchor. 

This Scottsdale location is one of several around the valley but it has become my favorite in a hurry. The staff is very friendly, attentive and service is fast and efficient. Service with a great big smile, great food and you can linger if you want or grab something and get to a movie. Pita Jungle has really converted this meat eater. It's not often one can say this but I think PJ is helping add time to my life with their food but they are also encouraging a lifestyle change for me which I see as a real gift. 

There are other eateries nearby but I'll stand in line if I have to in order to eat here. It's worth the wait and it's not even a long wait.
Guys don't go here on Lunch hour it feels like worse then a costco on saturday. Too crowded, if you have ample time go for it. Food is same as any Pita Jungle corner. Service is messed up, ask for salmon salad or any wood fire its going to take 30 minutes and 30 minutes for waiting in line, i end up eating something that i don't want but will be fast and still wasted 1 hrs 15 minutes. I won't go back
Let me just start by saying I love Pita Jungle. I haven't been here in a while but when I make it in its always a good place to have a meal and good service. I was seated and greeted right away. I sat at the bar so it's fair to say that I say right away but there were plenty of seats elsewhere. Needless to say I ordered their grilled chicken and humus dish with some pitas and pine nuts. The chicken is awesome and I love their humus. Having something healthy for any meal is fine with me, and the one thing I noticed about this place is the people. The cooks and wait staff are really on point, and they seem to be enjoying their day. I hear laughter which I like a lot. Now I'm not a business owner or anything but I'm sure that laughter is very much appreciated in the work place. The pace here is fast, but not overbearing. I can't wait to come back for more great food and laughter and appreciation. 

Thank you Pita Jungle. Keep doing a great job as always!
I LOVE THIS PLACE! Second time at Pita Jungle, first time at this location. The food is tasty, fresh, & inexpensive. The cilantro jalapeo hummus is AMAZING! Get it with the pita chips! Yummy! I wish they had a PJ in Florida.
OMG... my review may be tainted as I ate here after being thrown out of that Amy's Baking Company, and even though I was there for over an hour... I cam into Pita Jungle STARVING! 

Any ways, after having nothing palatable at ABCs, I came here for a meal (see my review on Amys Baking company). The other couple who was involved at ABC was already enjoying their meal (which they should, they had to wait over an hour at ABCs before they were thrown out) I had the Gyro X2 (I love those things) and it was great! I joked with the other couple I saw from ABCs and an employee of Pita Jungle. I learned that Pita Jungle gets a lot of business from ABC, as they are all ways throwing out customers when they complain. And the customers come right to them.

My advice to the owner of Pita Jungle, would be to offer a discount to anyone who has been thrown out of ABC. Advertise that in your window! 

Just to finish this story, as I left Pita Jungle with the other couple, and we crossed the street, we saw the girl that served me she was on the sidewalk just outside the restaurant. Both myself and the couple gave her $20 and advised her to find employment elsewhere. She mentioned that they were going to implement a contract for their wait staff that was ridiculous, and she was looking.

As I read the news.... yup they did! 

YAY Pita Jungle!
This place is always good but always packed - at least at this location.  The gyro definitely has  a lot of meat packed into it, and I always order an extra side of tskiti (sp) sauce.  The trio hummus with pita bread is soooo delicious.
Yesterday my wife Jenn and I went here for lunch and I kept reassuring her that this place's food is just awesome. I had my traditional chicken with hummus and Jenn had the salmon and garlic mashed potatoes. Now my wife has a tendency to eat kinda fast when she's found the right dish and to say that she vaporized her salmon is putting it mildly! LOL! I couldn't stop laughing at how much she enjoyed her food. For her first time there she was really impressed and I mentioned that it gets better. Their salads are good and she and I will definitely venture out here again. It was busy but we were able to sit immediately and the wait for our food didn't take long (the salmon usually takes about 15-20 minutes). It was cooked perfectly and to see my wife smile was well worth it. When we left we passed by the notorious Amy's Baking Company and just drove by. Although going there would be tempting to see all the drama, its not worth spending money on a place that violates labor laws, serves horrible food and where Gordon Ramsay walked out. Thankfully Pita Jungle is right there in a rather busy complex and we can't wait to go there again soon!
I go here a lot and always get great food. I usually get the chicken shawarma or the beef gyro and iced tea. The food is fantastic and the servers are usually prompt. I would recommend to anyone.
The food is almost always outstanding!  Very few of the items on the menu can you go wrong with.  Although, if you don't like onions, like me, then be wary of some dishes and make sure you order with no onions.  The service is the only thing lacking at our most regular haunt.
I absolutely love this place. We come here several times a month, and can't get enough. Like all Pita Jungles, their menu is excellent with delicious food that fresh and healthy, while not lacking one bit in the flavor department. They have a seasonal 'specials' menu that seems to get shaken up every few weeks, which is great and often some of the tastiest dishes are found on there.

This location has an awesome patio that is great most times of the year (the covering and misters make it almost bearable during the hotter months). I've never had bad service at this location. They are often extremely busy, and there can be a moderate wait time both to be seated and served at peak hours, but given the size of the crowd, it's understandable and hasn't been a big enough issue to bother me yet.
I saw what other reviewers had to written about service here and I'd have to say that up until last night I'd have tended to agree - but it seems as if management has listened to what was said and waitstaff on the past two occasions we've been there has certainly been more attentive. Our orders were taken fairly promptly upon sitting down (outdoors on the patio; there was a 30 minute wait on a Saturday night for indoor seating at approximately 5:30 pm, prime before-movie time), there was minimal wait for our food, our plates cleared and check presented in timely fashion.

Humus appetizer has always been a sure bet for us - perfect light dish for these hot AZ summer months. Their salads are also consistently fresh with the grilled chicken done to perfection; tender and not dried out. Prices are reasonable for the selections and portions. 

The staff seems to do a good job of keeping the waiting crowd moving as empty tables are cleaned quickly and they're accommodating to hasty requests - I saw the hostess last night agree to move two tables together without hesitation for a large party upon request. 

On a side note, I got a chuckle out of the tee shirt one of the hostesses was wearing - emblazoned with the phrase "MEOW", perhaps a reference to another establishment at the same strip mall that has gathered some notable press of late and which did not seem to be attracting any of the overflow of patrons who were patiently waiting for tables at Pita Jungle when we left. 

For service and quality, I can understand why Pita Jungle has established a reputation along Shea for a perfect place for a light, healthy and satisfying meal that's as easy on the budget as it is on the palate.
Fresh tasty and healthy! 

Have been here a couple of times and it was good both times. 

*Seared ahi tuna salad with mixed greens, pineapple, strawberrys & 
sesame seeds was delicious and the vinaigrette perfect for the salad. 

*Hummus 3 ways with warm pita. These come "regular", jalepeno and red bell peppers and are soooooo good. Order it and thank me later! 

*Gyros (pita filled with lambmeat, lettuce and tzatsiki). Also very good with tender well seasoned meat and nice sauce. 

Prices are ok and the service level high. Popular spot so be prepared to wait for a table if you arrive on the busy hours.
We love, love Pita Jungle. My husband and I took our out of town guest for dinner and they wanted to go back the next night for more. They have a great menu. Everything is fresh and delish! If you have kids they have the greatest kid menu. If you have never tried it, get going it's the best!
Their hummus trio is amazing! I have been to several different Pita Jungles and have had similar experiences at all of them. I always love their hummus but am less than impressed with their main dishes. I have had the shawarma before as well as the gyro and both lack flavor. Their smoothies are way too sweet and the flavor tastes less like fruit and more like fruit flavoring. Service is okay but not the greatest. I would go back but only for the hummus.
The food at Pita Jungle is usually as good as food gets, but this location fell a little short. In all fairness, they were pretty busy with a Friday late lunch crowd. The waiter took our order pretty quickly, but we were almost done with the hummus (which is my favorite!) appetizer before he ever came with our drinks. We had to ask him again to bring them. 
I ordered the Greek salad with chicken and short of being overloaded with dressing, it was good. I will get the dressing on the side next time.
My friends ordered the mahi mahi  on hummus and the chicken wrap. There was plenty of food, which they enjoyed with enough leftover to take home.
Even with very slow service, I would try this location again, because like I said, this is really good food.
Pita Jungle is easily my favorite go-to restaurant for casual dinner, take-out, etc.  This location has the cutest atmosphere - big patio, nice layout, great art.

Pita Jungle serves the most delicious, healthy food for a great price.  I've tried most things on the menu, and everything I've ordered has been incredibly flavorful and never heavy.  I could eat here every day (my husband limits it to once a week, for the sake of budget and sanity).  

The humus is the best in town, in my opinion.  The felafel is excellent, the pita and lavosh sandwiches are generous portions bursting with flavor, the pizzas are wonderful, and the ahi tuna is prepared perfectly.  The side vegetables and potatoes are both amazing, and you can get the veggies steamed, so you can even come here on a diet.  Order anything - I dare you!  

The service is generally really good.  Having come here for years, I have had spotty service a few times, generally when the restaurant was really busy or when the server was clearly new.  Just FYI, it's not the norm.
We have tried for months to eat here but it  was always too crowded.  Today we got there at 11 am and were able to get a table.  We ate on the patio and were bombarded by scavenger birds.  I ordered a special, artichoke and farfalle salad and my daughter got the black bean burger.  I guess i was expecting great things, especially considering how busy they always are.  My salad was ok, but i've had better at home.  My daughter's burger was ok, but accompanied by big chunks of seasoned potatoes, which didn't seem to go with the burger.  All in all, a disappointment.  My curiosity has been satisfied, but i don't think we'll be back.
I love Pita Jungle. All locations have delicious and fresh foods. They will let you order off menu, if it's in the kitchen they will do it for you. The food and selection at Pita J are 5-stars! 

However, the Shea/74th St location has a few drawbacks. There is almost always a wait as seating is limited. The staff aren't super friendly or attentive and service can be a bit slow. 
But the real drawback to this location is the parking situation. They share a lot with a busy movie theater and several other businesses. This makes finding parking near impossible. I have twice parked my car across Shea next to the car wash due to the lack of parking. Don't let parking deter you but do keep it in mind when coming to this location.
So good!
The perfect dining when you don't want to spend too much money while on vacation. I got the Chicken Shawarma like the waiter recommended and it was great! Definitely a lot more Americanized than your typical Mediterranean restaurants, but I can't complain. The biggest reason why I can't complain? Because their garlic sauce is to die for! Reminds me of the same one I would get back home. That disgustingly stinky, sticks on you for a week, you could probably eat it with a spoon, kind of garlic sauce. Ughhh I could go for some right now. It really makes anything you eat here taste delicious.
Favorite med place in the valley!
I don't like to review chains normally but this place really pissed me off. 

Boyfriend and I like eating at the one near our house and a co worker likes eating here often as well so we decided to go for what we thought was a quick lunch.

We show up and understandably they are busy...that's fine, we can deal - its lunch time. We sit outside in the sun, which was hot but ok since we are inside all day anyway. Our waitress comes by and doesn't introduce herself or even say hi. She was very monotone and seemed like she was just mad at the day. I know it happens, we all go through those moments or days, but even when I was pissed or tired as a waitress, I was pleasant because I knew this was how I was going to make my money.

So she takes our order. I order the turkey sandwich special and my friend orders the chicken with taziki (sp?). Pretty simple stuff. Well we wait....and wait....and wait...and see people get their food who sat down and ordered after us....and we wait some more. She didn't bother to come out and talk to us or give us any info, updates or apologies but only when she checked on another table did she realize that we didn't have our food yet and had gone through two drinks each already. I know things happen, when you're busy things aren't ordered....anyone in the serving business has done it, but its how you handle it after the fact that matters. Never once did we get an apology or anything!

When we finally got our food, my "toasted" sandwich was cold and the "hot" potatoes that came with it were cold as well. Unfortunately it was one of those situations where 1. I didn't want to be that customer despite the overwhelming feeling that I should be, and 2. I was too hungry and had waited FAR too long to wait any longer and we needed to get back to work.

The couple next to us as well as my friend received dirty glasses with lipstick stains and detergent on them- which again, happens but it just added fuel to the fire. 

My food was only OK despite knowing that Pita Jungle can serve up way better than what they gave us this time around. I will not go back to this location but will to the one close to my house.
I love Pita Jungle. I could eat here everyday, if it was possible. I love their pizzas and salads, but I am all about the cilantro-jalepeno hummus! I am obsessed. Whenever I am in AZ visiting, I make a point to stop by. Bonus: most of their food is healthy!
Roasted red pepper hummus with chicken. That's all you need to know!!! Oh and their smoothies are a lovely surprise as well!! LOVE PJ!!!! Been going for 10 years now. LOYAL CUSTOMER FOR LIFE!! :) :) Hands down my favorite restaurant, EVER!!
This place is always hit or miss but every time I order hummus the server thumbs up the pitas. His big dirty thumb right on top of all the pita breads. You see the guy coming in and out of the front door a hundred times an hour thats ben touched by every person in the restaurant. Just seems like a good way to cross contaminate the food during flu season... Is it me or does the salad always have slimy greens and crappy tomatoes. Suggestion tell your servers to keep their dirty paws out of my food...
Management handled my problem the way all management should handle any restaurant problem. They were quick to respond and it was very clear they want everyone to be happy. Thank you for redeeming yourself on this and I appreciate the extra time you took to email me a few times and learn what happened.

Other Pita Jungles and all restaurants should take note on handling these kinds of situations. Thank you!
Probably their busiest location. Quality food, but the portion sizes at their original location always seem to be bigger! Stay clear of the one in fashion square mall. Quality just isn't the same. Guess that is to be expected though...
I love Pita Jungle! The gyro is my favorite with hummus. The cauliflower is awesome too and any of the hummus on there own is great! They also have really nice and healthy choices for kids too, which is great. All too often healthy restauranta don't always appeal to kids. So great place lunch, dinner or take out! Yummy!
This has always been my favorite Pita Jungle.  We've been coming here for almost a decade and it has been pretty much consistently great for all that time.  I love the shawarma wrap, black bean burger, and stuffed grape leaves.

While we were eating outside a little bird is snatching sugar packets off table.  But only "Sugar In The Raw", not the fake or white packets.  Quite a discerning little critter :-)
I used to get take out from here 2-3 times per month, then a few months ago I felt there was a terrible combination of increased prices and lower quality.  I always thought of Pita Jungle as an inexpensive option, I could grab take out for the two of us for low-$20's, then I realized I was paying $35 +/- and multiple times getting home to find something wrong with our order.  Maybe it's my mentality:  once I'm used to paying a certain amount for a restaurant, that becomes its value, and in my opinion the large increase made the price here beyond their value.
Love this place!  Great fast service and yummy pretty healthy food. Great at lunchtime. Large portions, reasonable prices and great service. 
I'm a fan of Pita Jungle!
recently had a late night dinner after a movie at Pita Jungle with a friend.   i must say the food was good as always but the service was beyond expectation.  Our Server Stephen was professional, courteous, friendly, quick, reactive, and personable.  He truly raised the experience quit a bit.  I recommended my friends go check it out and they had the same experience.   Great job Stephen, thank you for making a nice dinner, memorable and fun.
Happy Hour at Pita Jungle is the best thing ever. Pitas are great. I'm deeply in love with the restaurant's foods. My boyfriend and I always call the same things whenvee we go there. I love the thyme and olive oil on pita, baba, chicken with pinenuts. The waiters are great, they never write down the order, but never mess it up. Not even a single time when we were there.
Great welcome by staff - Demi, Bill and Cat on a busy Saturday night. Thanks demi for a table near two heaters. Mahi Mahi or salmon. Cilantro-jalapeno hummus - definitely.
This place is perfect for lunch or dinner. We have had a few company lunches here and I have also gone here with friends.  They give you lots of food and it is always fresh!  The hummus is amazing and be sure to go for happy hour in the evenings as it is great prices on all their appetizers.  Their salads are large as well and will fill you up so be careful :)
What you'd expect from a chain Mediterranean (?) restaurant.  It's good, but not authentic or amazing.   Just wish they had a full bar like the one downtown.
I went to Pita Jungle for the first time on Saturday Feb. 1st. I had heard some really great things about Pita Jungle and was excited to try it out. I grossly underestimated the popularity of the place though and when I walked up I was surprised to see just how busy the place was. I was with a friend and we were told that a party of 2 had a wait of about 15 minutes. I found the hostess to be a bit short, she was clearly overwhelmed but honestly, that should not affect how she treats people. When we were finally seated I found myself wishing we had sat outside, I felt as though I was sitting on top of the people to my right and left. I felt as though I was intruding on other's meals. The waiter was very nice and knowledgeable about the menu which I found to be incredibly helpful being that this was my first time. I order the Mediterranean Chicken Pita and was very impressed. It was delicious and I thoroughly enjoyed the flavor. My biggest complaint about the whole trip was the wait time to receive our check. We were on a schedule and it took forever for us to receive our check and had to flag someone down to take our payment. I will definitely be returning but I plan on going during a time when it is not as busy and I can enjoy myself a bit more
I will be completely honest we only went to Pita Jungle because we were in a rush, knew where it was and another person in our group also from out-of-town who told us he enjoyed it. What a great accidental discovery!! Everything about the place was great. Staff was very friendly, and our server on our first of two visits in one weekend was fabulous. She patiently answered all of our questions and provided various tips about different items on the menu. 3 out of 4 of us had the coconut curry soup --wow wow wow was it good! So good that I had it again on my second visit in one weekend! Between the four of us we order the following items: lentil soup, yellowfin tuna honey sesame salad, spanakopita, wood fire salmon salad, side of cauliflower with caramelized onions, and a portobello & garlic lavash pizza (with added chicken), tabooli salad. Loved the freshness, loved the plentiful portions & of course the flavor explosions! The tabooli needed to have been chopped more & was a bit dry, but other than that it was all great! The honey sesame dressing & the amazing seared yellowfin were complimented by all the fruit. The spanakopita was not traditional in it's shape but who cares it was delicious!  Dessert...oh the rice pudding--YOWZA was it good!! We were in town for a long weekend & we ended up here twice. Learned there are franchise stores in Southern CA so we look forward to seeing if they are close.
Always a solid go-to for healthy yummy food that's not ridiculously over priced! The cilantro jalapeo hummus is the best! Salads are big enough for 2.
My wife and I have been married for 22 years now and we generally find picking a great restaurant that we can both agree on a bit challenging. 

Pita Jungle is the first place we've ever come back to 3 times within 24 hours!!!  The food here is delicious - pretty healthy - and features a great blend of flavor combinations. My wife loves the salads and I'm into the Pitas, wraps and pizza. Sure wish we had this place in Austin!!!
The service is always slow but the food is always good! Fresh, healthy, good portions.
Great food and the price is good. It can get a little busy but there is a reason for that. The food is fresh and comes quickly. I can't complain about this place and I have been there many times. Never failed me.
As a person who eats vegetarian food at home and out in the world, I had received many recommendations to try Pita Jungle by the time I actually sat down to have a meal at what I imagine Applebee's would be like, if it were based in Beirut.

Off to an awkward start from the words "Pita" and "Jungle." What image is that supposed to conjure up exactly? The menu seems to be grounded in Middle Eastern food (Pita) and is simultaneously out-of-the-box, unpredictable, kooky (JUNGLE!). For the three of us who dined here, they missed both of these targets.

Pita Jungle has some Middle Eastern basics, even going as far as offering a fettoush salad, which I appreciate. But the food lacked the freshness and lusciousness of real Middle Eastern food. Half a plate of tasteless-but-fresh-looking veggies, without a drop of olive oil, lemon juice or vinegar in sight. For anyone who has traveled to the Middle East, or whose family comes from there and knows home cooked food of these styles, I think you'll be underwhelmed by the flavors of these look-alike dishes.

The "jungle" part of this menu is just unappetizing. Looking for Chipotle Chicken Lavosh Pizza? Of course not. No one is. Well, maybe Guy Fieri.

If you're looking for no frills, healthy-ish and affordable food I think Pita Jungle is probably a safe and consistent bet, especially in Scottsdale.

I'll take my chances with the salad bar at Whole Foods instead. At least they know how and when to use salt.
After driving in from Fullerton, California to see the Doyers...what a delightful and delicious lunch we found at the Pita Jungle.  Quality food and service, even birds chirping while i enjoyed my delicious Gyro. Modestly priced and all the ambiance you could mustard up on a sidewalk cafe in a strip mall. I highly recommend it and only wished I had room for dessert!
Yet again Pita Jungle comes through. Just killing time and I stopped in to see my favorite Jaclyn at the best hangout in our area. 

Casual and classy. Remarkable appetizers and great ambiance. A very fun atmosphere with a constant upbeat vibe.

We are always pleased to hang out with Jaclyn and her personality and pedigree never cease to make Pita Jungle my new hangout.
I've eaten here before a couple years back, and wasn't the biggest fan, but recently couldn't stop thinking about going for lunch. I'm glad I did because the food was amazing, but the service was pretty bad. It was busy, yes, but we're still customers. 

I ordered the chipotle black bean burger and I'm still thinking about it! It was seriously amazing, and my very first black bean burger! I will return to eat, because I saw a few things at other tables I wanted to try. Let's hope we get a more welcoming greeting, and our server doesn't act like we've interrupted her day.

Anyway, the food was awesome! The girl I went to lunch with liked her food, too! So, if you're OK with poor service, but still want delicious food, go ahead and eat here :)
I really love Pita Jungle.  There are few places I go to eat where the entire menu is appealing.  This is one of those spots.  It allows you to be healthy or indulgent; the choice is yours.  The awesome thing:  it's all delicious.  I'm a fan of their salads.  They're huge, stockpiled with loads of fresh ingredients.  I love to get a side of falafel and hummus.  Good stuff.

This location really stands out because of the service.  Graham helped me when I dropped in for dinner.  He was great:  attentive, witty and fast!  Without a doubt, I'll be back.
Pita jungle is one of my favorite restaurants because it's one of only a few restaurants that serve more nutritious foods.  This location is one of my favorite pita jungle locations. I've always had delicious meals here.  The menu is very varied. There's something delicious for everyone. It is not just pitas.  The Gilbert location is also pretty consistent. I would highly recommend pita jungle.
We happened to walk past this place after seeing a moive and the aroma got our attention.  I had the salmon and grilled veggies (best thing I ate on the whole trip to AZ) my husband had the gyro (he won't stop taking about it).
So yeah we highly suggest everyone try it. We ate outside, very friendly service. Everyone seemed to like working there. Next time we come I'm trying the hummus (heard it was amazing)
food was really fresh and nicely prepared I would recommend the red pepper hummus but as far as the schwarma is concerned it was just ok but overall this place isnt too bad somewhere between 3 and 4 but to err on the side of caution 3
Pita Jungle is our go-to place for quick service.  The wait is typically short and the staff is usually quite attentive.  The food is always either good or great.  My current favorite dish is the quinoa salad on the specials menu - I get plain hummus with quinoa, kale, and other goodies on top with a side of pitas.  The soups are also amazing and many are vegan!  We've brought many picky out-of-town guests, and everyone is always able to find something they enjoy!  The happy hour is great as well!
Worst falafel sandwich ever and I have had plenty. This was was grainy, burnt and had no taste whatsever. They put so much lettuce and some of the worst vegetables known to mankind in this hellhole of sandwich. The pickle had a tale, the onions were from the end of the onion and the lettuce was brown. THIS WAS DISGUSTING. One arrogant staff member gave me an annoying fake smile, she looked like a manager type. This is what happens when you open up up fifty restaurants, you lose the quality, but in this case I'm sure that there was no quality in the first place. It figures that this place is in the same shopping center as Amy's Kitchen. Seven more bucks down the drain.

UPDATE: Management was nice enough to contact me and apologize and they also gave me a $25 gift card. I will give them another try. Thanks to Kevin.
Fresh food, friendly staff and a nice place.

I recommend the hummus and the chicken pitas. This place has something for everyone, from the vegans to the carnivores.

An old favorite. 

We occasionally do take out as well. 

Can't go wrong here.
love this place im visiting from california and I love this place every one is soo nice and fast with serving the food I reccomend everthing and the hummus yummy makes me want to move here lol the food is so fresh and they explain what everything is
Great service, Great food, awesome date place.  Outside seating area, great for people watching!
I hate doing this, but after Pita Jungle being one of my favorite restaurants in the Valley for years, I think I'm giving up on them. 

Let me preface this review by saying that I've likely been to this Pita Jungle about 50 times over the course of three years or so.  At one point I was going once a week because it's near my office and has a great selection of vegetarian items. I love the lentil fatoush salad, the cilantro hummus, the soups....and that CAULIFLOWER! But the inconsistency as of late has brought me to this 3-star review today.

Today we ordered take-out from the office at 12:40 using their online ordering system. The system told me it would be ready at 1:15 at the latest. I arrived at 1:15 to pick up my 2 items (one of which was tabouleh - come on!) and they weren't ready. I waited another 10 minutes and finally said something to the gal and she went to the kitchen to retrieve my order. No apology, nothing. Just, "Here. Do you need any napkins or utensils?" 

I got back to the office and couldn't wait to tear into my tabouleh salad, which comes with hummus and pita. What I found was a giant container of hummus with a scoop of tabouleh on top. Really? I thought it was supposed to be the other way around? So I unwrap my COLD pitas (which are usually toasty and warm) and started dipping into my hummus salad. Now I feel gross, because I just basically ate a plate of hummus for lunch.

The food and service use to be so consistent, but recently the food is practically a 50/50 gamble. And the service even more so. The manager (I'm guessing since he was the only one in a dress shirt and pants) was behind the counter when I was paying and didn't even make eye contact with me let alone greet me. I've seen him there MANY times and I would have thought he'd recognize me by now.

I feel like each time I go i get a different version of my favorite dishes. Lentil fatoush used to be my fave and the last five times I have told myself that the recipe I make it home is better. And it's not $10 when I make it at home. 

Sorry PJ, but I think I'm breaking up with you. *sigh*
Have you ever experienced above and beyond (and completely unexpected) service? That's what we experienced at Pita Jungle on Sunday. Hillary our waitress was probably the most knowledgeable waitress I have ever, EVER been served by. This girl knew the ENTIRE menu top to bottom. 

We ordered drinks- she had a better suggestion ("do you like IPAs? let me give you a sample of something local we just got in"). 

We ordered the mussels- she mentioned the shrimp and the scallops as her favorites. 

Hillary guided us through a wonderful and unexpected dining experience. 

We will be back just to sit in her section!
This place was quite busy and the pitas were decent. Ordered some salad and my favorite was the cilantro and jalapeo dip, not spicy at all.  Good spot to get your pita fix.
I love Pita Jungle, and I'm pretty certain it loves me, too.  This location is one of the best with their big patio, and with very necessary misters in the summer months.

The selection is expansive, the service very friendly and efficient, and the food is always outstanding.  I like the hummus (like a lot) and falafel, but I most often get the Chicken Combo Platter, or the Broiled Chicken Salad.

They have a phenomenal happy hour, M-F 3pm-530pm.  About a dozen items $1-$2.

But perhaps the best thing about this location?  Heading next store afterwards for an ice cream...mmmm mmmmm.
Great food. The tomato mozzarella basil salad was great. The tomatoes were so juicy. The shrimp appetizer with pesto pita  was awesome. I loved the wood fired grilled chicken breast. So garlic and lemony. Great service and affordable.
It breaks my heart to change this from 5 stars to 3...the food here is terrific, but I've gotten terrible service over and over and over again.  The servers are frequently awful, whether we've come in groups or just the two of us.  They're unpleasant and short, they make mistakes, then don't check on the table after the food arrives, so they're too late to correct the problem.  

The takeout isn't consistent, either - the last time, they made the wrong food when we were in a hurry, then remade it and left part of it out (so we had to go back in, which made us late), and charged us the wrong amount, to boot.  They reversed the charge and re-charged us the right amount, which still ties up the money.  

After five or so bad visits in a row, my husband won't come here anymore, and I don't blame him.  After coming here hundreds of times (I've been the Duchess for ages), I don't know when I'll be back.

Why 3 stars (instead of 2 or 1)?  The quality of the food is still excellent, but it's the same as every other Pita Jungle.  I wouldn't come to this location.
Pita jungle is a great place for some excellent food at a cheap price. I frequent this restaurant on a weekly basis, and each time I am welcomed with a smile and acknowledged within seconds of arrival regardless of how incredibly busy they are. If you want great food accompanied with great service then pita jungle us a great place for you to try out.
This is by far the best location in the valley. The food is consistently fantastic and the staff is always on point. If you're trying to choose between this location and the one on FLW, allow me to save you the trouble. Scottsdale and Shea is where you want to eat...
I could not be more sad about my second time to Pita Jungle.  The one in Tucson was great.  This one is ridiculously busy, which isn't a bad thing, I just don't think they are staffed to handle it.  Still waiting for my order I called in well over and hour ago, it's been a half hour wait so far..... And it's only for 4 people!!  I have an appointment that I am now 15 minutes late for and counting.

Heard a few of the waitresses complaining  about how busy they are and don't have a hostess.  Slightly unprofessional but no biggie.  

I'm sure the food is great!  I'll update maybe when I actually get it! :/

I'd suggest a different location, coming on an off time or something.

Oh and just a note to the guy who "helped" me.... "Sorry, we're crazy busy" isn't something I want to hear!  I can see that, not my problem!  Next time just tell me you won't be able to get my order done on time on the front end!

Update:
The food WAS tasty, I'll give them that!  
However, they forgot a side of chicken, one dish had two different types of hummus and was only supposed to have one, and one dish which was supposed to have extra chicken didn't. 
Went back in and Marnie was very friendly and helpful in refunding my money. She was polite, professional, and apologetic. Someone should thank her because she is the only reason I'll give any type of catering from here another shot.
Terrible!  There are way better restaurants in this area . .  . go try something new!  This place is old, tired and the food is not that good or healthy, (like people think it is) Pretty average. . .
Excellent middle eastern food in a pretty sketchy, run-down location. 

Almost a little too authentic for me. I though I was a big Baba Ghanoush fan until I ate here the other day. It was pretty weird consistency and had a very pungent flavor. I'm guessing this is how it supposed to be made. I'm not sure if I'm a Baba Ghanoush man anymore.

I had a vegetarian plate, which was very diverse, large, and tasty. I think it ran 8.50 and came with hummus, the aforementioned pungent baba ghanoush, dolmades, falafel, tabouli, spanakopita, pita bread, and soup or salad (I got the lentil soup). Everything was very flavorful and delicious, except for the dolmades which were surprisingly tame. The falafel which was perfectly crispy on the outside and warm, tasty, and chewy on the inside was a welcome change from the pedestrian falafel I've had recently at the big fat greek and cyprus pita grill.

My companion got the Arabic alliance certified mixed kebab platter. It looked awesome, but didn't blow my friend's mind. It had baba ghanoush, hummus, rice, a chicken kabob, and a beef kabob as well as pita and soup/salad. 

The biggest issue with this place is its location. Seedy, old strip mall trying to class it up with a whole foods market, arab market, fattoush, etc. But that area is not the kind of place to walk around at night and the dining room at fattoush isn't much to look at. It's the kind of place you want to eat at and get out of as soon as possible. Hopefully in due time they will be able to move to a better location.

Although the staff is very friendly, seemed to be on a first name basis with most of the people who came in, and of course makes great food. I'd recommend it for lunch or take out when you are looking for a big, flavorful meal.
First, NO atmosphere.

After working at the Clarendon for as long as I did, I recommended Fattoush quite a few times and never heard a bad word about it. But, honestly, I rarely stray further west than 15th avenue as general practice. Lucky for me, I was broke and at the will of my paying lunch partner, and he took me here (it's Ben from the Clar, FYI... here's proof that he's as into non-chain and local joints as most of us yelpers... and we drove there in his p-i-m-pin Prius... owoooo).

We had virtually the same thing and were both very pleased with it. The humus is very, very good. Incredibly smooth and flavorful.

Lentil soup also gets incredible thumbs up.
Fattoush is an amazing little place, family run with wonderful fresh, homemade tasting food. Seriously the best hummus I have ever had.
The prices are great, you can have an amazing lunch under $10.
The menu is pretty broad with a lot of traditional dishes from lamb to fava beans to hummus. Vegetarians can find plenty of choices.
Never having been to the Middle East, I am not sure of the authenticity of the food, but if I were to guess, this is what it would be like to eat a home cooked meal there.
The staff is friendly and helpful and the service is great.
Most of the people eating there are Middle Eastern each time I have been there, which I think say something about the quality and taste of the food.
The place is great, you can't beat the price and better yet, you can't beat the taste.
I just had lunch here for the first time in months. Man, i've missed it. 

I can't speak for authenticity, never having been to Iraq or anywhere else in the middle east, but I can speak for flavor. Yum. In the many months since our discovery of this great little joint, we have worked our way through a good portion of the menu. We take friends and family to Fattoush, and no one has been disappointed yet. (except for the time they were closed due to a kitchen fire- that was pretty disappointing!)

Norma R. is right- there really isn't much atmosphere, so don't expect a romantic meal here. It's a no frills place, with friendly service and great food.  What more do you need? 

Things like falafel, hummus and baba ghanoush rank high on my list of favorite foods, so this place is an automatic win for me. The flavors are incredible, particularly the smoky baba ghanoush and the tangy garlic dip. I could eat that stuff with a spoon. The falafel is the closest thing to garbanzo bean perfection that I have ever tasted. 

The meat dishes, such as chicken shawarma and various kabobs, are all flavorful and fantastic. Served with rice and another side depending on what you order, these plates will fill you up and send you home happy. 

For the light eaters, their pita sandwiches are fantastic and cheap. They'll cost you between $4-6, but they are huge and stuffed to the max. 

All entrees (sandwiches too!) come with either salad or the fantastic lentil soup. Skip the salad. The soup is too good to ignore.
I used to work at a Lebanese restaurant/bar for years.  And...I'm from Michigan which gives me a fair position to judge Middle Eastern food, as Michigan is crawling with homemade pita and baba to die for..This place is not about gyros or belly dancers, it's a real deal Middle Eastern deli.  I agree fully with the average 4 star rating losing one star ONLY for lack of atmosphere.  But, if you are craving falafel, warm pita, hummus, or chicken schwarma for lunch than this is your place.  

Nothing on the menu will disappoint!
Finally made my way to Fattoush and I have to say "mmm mmmm good!" Not since my old neighbor, a refugee from Iraq, moved out have I had I experienced such robust flavors combined with healthy food. Lord I miss that man!!!

So yeah there isn't much of an atmosphere, the pictures don't really fit in the molding that was hung to frame art, but does that effect the food? Absolutely not! Physically, not much has changed since this place was the Green Leaf Cafe which was the predecessor to the Persian Garden. Except that the food here is less on the fusion side of Mediterranean flavors and more middle-eastern authentic Iraqis with a little Jordanian thrown in.

I love that you start out with the green lentil soup or salad with every meal. The name of the restaurant actually comes from said salad, which is a mix of romaine, tomatoes, cucumber, mint and toasted triangles of pita bread, covered with a tart balsamic vinegar dressing. But the soup is where it's at. It's unlike your average lentil soup - smooth and creamy, with bits of pasta. Very mild. It's a nice homey touch which is really what this food is all about. And that homey touch comes naturally, as the two main staffers are brother and sister. Their mom often helps out in the kitchen (and dad is busy cooking in Scottsdale).

When we arrived there were just two tables with guests, so we had our pick of eating spots. And there were a steady stream of people coming in for take-out throughout our visit. 

The menu is actually quite large considering their kitchen is about the size of my bathroom. On this visit, my sis and I decided to sample as much as we could to get a feel for the place. She was a little iffy as she had never had this kind of food, but once the dishes started rolling out, she quickly became a fan. We started with the fava beans, mixed with olive oil, garlic, and lemon. Main courses consisted of the Falafel Plate which comes with warm pita, hummus, pickles, and tomatoes and Chicken Shwarmas which were spiced perfectly and had juicy - dare I say succulent chicken. We topped the meal off with some freshly made baklava and rolled our way out to the car for our trip home.

Just after the soup course, a large Ford taxi pulled up and out of it piled out 8 full grown (some more fully grown if you get my drift, than others) ME men. It was sort of like the proverbial clown car... I mean seriously I didn't know you could get that many men in one car. They headed straight for the table next to us and then things really started to pick up. Four of them ordered Lamb Kuzi and the rest all got something different. Let me just say that my sister had to hold me down because their food all looked so good. Their table was literally crammed full of dishes with smells so good that I swear my nose grew just trying to get a better whiff!

Our meal came to $25  but in retrospect, we really didn't need all three dishes and could have easily gotten out of there for about $16. Service was attentive, food was phenomenal (and healthy - how often do you find that?!!), and it's only .5 miles from my house. This is probably the best ME food that I've had at a local restaurant and the place would definately warrant the coveted 5-stars on the food alone, but the afore mentioned atmosphere knocks it down one. It may have taken me years to get over to Fattoush, but it won't be long before my next visit! That Kuzi is calling me!!!
Oh my.  The solidly 4 star reviews directed me to not miss out on this authentic Middle Eastern eatery in my neighborhood so with happy anticipation we sashayed into the place named Fattoush; but it wasn't the restaurant I read about below in the glowing reviews. I totally missed out on this fabulous Fattoush experience. I wanted to go to the place you all visited, badly!  It's making me not want to review things. I look mean or snobby, but I'm really not. Let me share the experience with you.
We were alone, except for a relative eating his dinner. The lady asked if we wanted take out, but we wanted to eat in, She seemed surprised and disappointed. She took her time getting the menu's and she took 15 going on 20 minutes to deliver two green ice tea's. I'm not kidding~ I watched the Iraqi shaped wood clock pass the time while she chatted on her cell phone. I watched her back mostly. She paced back and forth from the man enjoying his dinner and the behind the counter area.  I'm thinking we should at least have drinks and soup by now. Sigh. Was she brewing the ice tea... from scratch? The iced tea came warm and the soup came cold. There weren't any solids in the soup it was green lentil broth. Would have tasted great if it was warm and had lentils. The soup bowl was nuked. I could tell because my chipped bowl was hot, like in a typical poor microwave situation. We were abandoned by the server, no ability to send it back, she was busy on the phone. She wasn't taking orders on it, it was a personal call. A long personal call.
We ordered the King combo dinner for two. Might as well sample a lot of things to be fair. We got to sample very over cooked and dried out meats. re-heated rice that clumped, curdled yogurt, tabouili without bulgher,vinegary dolmades, greasy spinach pies, crusty falafal, mediocre hummus and burnt babaganoosh with a huge pool of oil in it. Flies buzzed over our meal and I shook my head. This whole platter was pre made and microwaved and it wasn't good. Not one item was worth a positive review. Swishing the flies away, I was regretting the visit. We had empty tea glasses and wanted to get more drink, but the lady was now talking with a woman who walked in and wanted to give them some figs. From her yard or something. I don't know.. it was, "Let's not Pay any Attention to the Customers Time" I think.

Re heated poor foods, coupled with inattentive service sealed Fattoushes review. We were ready to pay and leave. My partner is questioning my judgment on these yelp approved places. We keep trying them and getting bitterly disappointed.

We went up to the counter to pay as we didn't want to wait longer for a bill to be presented. The lady said "I hope you liked it!" She seemed to want me to be happy, but I'm sorry. I made a small polite smile and left a small tip.I don't think this place is worth returning to.
so.. i've read many reviews that made my mouth water about this place and have been wanting me some fattoush for a while! so randomly driving by about 2 weeks ago with my dusty  i realized omg "fattoush!" pointing out the window, looked at him and said "i need it!"

the thought of being in falafel heaven, made me happy.. it had been a while since i had good falafel, it didnt let me down. i had the veg plate that came with lentil soup, hummus, a pickle!, dolmas, eggplant mmm so good and of course falafel! they gave us plenty of pita bread which i was thankful for since most the places i have been to give you 1 or 2 thin pieces! and charge you for extras. ugh! i love my bread. thank  you.

we sat near the window next to their cute decorated christmas tree and annoying flies :/ , and watched the rain. other than the flies it was grreat.
I have to give Fattoush 4 stars because their baba ghanouj is, by far, the best I've ever had.  It is fabulous.

I like everything I've tried there.  Great options for vegetarians and meat eaters as well.  The lentil soup is yummy, the tabsy, even the french fries...haven't yet found something I didn't like and we've tried all the veg. options.  A really nice addition is the garlic sauce - we love that stuff.

It is true that the atmosphere is...not so impressive.  But I actually like that - I like that it is laid back and casual.  And the people there are very sweet and friendly.

Prices are decent as well.  

One caution: we always call before we go to verify their hours for that day because there have been several times they have been closed unexpectedly.  But we enjoy it enough to take that extra step!
Extra friendly service and great food at decent prices. We have only ordered take out but have enjoyed quality service when picking it up.
Great Middle Eastern food.  I used to eat there with some friends from Turkey and they all agreed that this was one of the best places in the Valley.

I am huge fan of Kafta and theirs is one of the best I have had.  The portions are huge and everything from the meat to the rice to the sauces are great.  The lentil soup is also a nice touch.
Great menu. I had never had middle eastern food and this was a great first experience. I had the Chicken kisara. EXCELLENT 

We were on a fast time frame for lunch in between meetings and using Yelp with previous reviews, we choose Fattoush, reviews & location where driving forces. I will definitely be back and more adventurous with each visit.
Why is it so hard to find some good fried ball of fun, Aka falafel.

I rolled on in here with a coworker on our adventure lunch trip for the week. We were relived that we were not the only customers or outsiders when we showed up. We picked the table of our choice and were given the menus a few minutes later.

The menu had many vegetarian dishes including a sampler plate, for lunch the prices of the dish items was a bit high $8.95. Many of the menu items had recently undergone a crude price charge with a label maker. We waited a bit until they came to take our order.

If you read any of my reviews it should be no surprise that I went for the Falafel sandwich. The sandwiches came with either a salad or soup. I oped for the salad, it was a basic mix of ice burg lettuce with diced tomatoes and cucumber dressed with a light balsamic dressing. 

Our sandwiches arrived after another 10 minutes. During that wait we  took in the interesting, whimsical, tacky decor. Floral paintings, painted cornice upon cornice moldings, and a Iraq clock.

My falafel sandwich was basic, falafel, lettuce, a picked and tahini. It was decent, the falafel was soft inside and had a good flavor. The size was a bit small considering the $5.25 price. 

The service was a bit slow, and we oped to get up and pay at the register as we could not wait any longer.

The food was decent the service and prices were not so only awarded 3 stars.
I've never had falafel from anywhere but P.J and H.B (in Tempe) before, but when a friend of mine wanted to meet me for lunch here on Monday, I jumped at the chance to try a new place. 

I ordered the falafel pita (of course) and a choice of soup or salad came with the meal.  I opted for the salad.  Both the salad and falafel were tasty.   Price for my meal - Under $6 

My only gripe is when I was asked what I wanted to drink after I sat down.  Our food came out, and yet I was still without a beverage.  So, I asked again for a glass of water.  Finally 5 minutes later, she brought me a glass.  

Other than the beverage oversight, everything was great.
I was displeased with the quality of the food. The lentil soup was unusual tasting, the hummus, babaganoush, grape leaves and spinach pie were mediocre in taste. The prices are very cheap. The mango juice was very good though
Stopped into this cute little Iraqi restaurant for lunch today, & ordered a Lamb & Beef Gyro for this first visit.  It comes with your choice of soup or salad, & I went with the cup of nice hot lentil soup.  At only $5.95 for everything, it was even less expensive than Al-Hana, & it all turned out like this:

Comfortable dining room + lovely staff + excellent service + delicious food + very reasonable prices = Yay, I'm a fan!!    :-))
I admit that, like other reviewers, we had to get up to get our check when we were finished.  However, the service was great when it counted (when we were eating).  And even if it hadn't been, the food was really AMAZING.  I ordered the gyro sandwich -- I love them, but they're usually pretty standard no matter where you go.  The meat was tender and flavorful here, though, and not greasy like in other spots.  We also had the hummus, which was great, too.  I had the lentil soup, which was superb.  My husband got the lamb kebab plate and was impressed with everything down to the rice -- and he's an extremely picky eater.  Great food, good prices and good service -- what more could we ask for?  We'll definitely be back.
THIS IS TRULY THE BEST OF ITS KIND IN THE VALLEY.... THE MIXED GRILL IS AWESOME. The quality of the meat is excellent. This is one of those that we go back to again and again..... Better than all the others you are reading about really really....
Love mom and pop restaurants.  The food is really great. Service can be slow but its totally worth it.  Have not had anything bad on the menu.  If you're not sure what you want, try just a simple pita.  It's inexpensive and filling.  Save room for baklava!
Had such high expectations after reading the reviews! The food is mediocre at best and out of a can at worst. 

I had the mixed vegetarian plate (my standard to get an idea of the food at any new middle eastern place) and C got the gyro sandwich. The grape leaves were absolutely out of a can (and microwaved to the point of scalding) and I'm guessing the same applies for the hummus and baba. Gyro meat was not fresh sliced off of a spit - it was totally uniform slices, all the same exact shape that had probably been microwaved. Clearly out of a package and not of the spit. The falafal was ok but not seasoned well enough. 

If you're looking for authentic mid eastern fare - find another place to eat.
I've been here twice and I can assure you it will not be my last time. Had lunch today and it was yummy and the service was particularly nice. I got the gyro and lentil soup and the fiance got the chicken shawarma, lentil soup, and a side salad (the Fattoosh salad). It was all really good but I think the chicken shawarma was the winner. The lentil soup is also amazing with a bit of squeezed lemon and pepper. I could eat it all day long. Also, the prices can't be beat. Super duper deal.
Good little family owned restaurant. Friendly service with solid middle eastern food. The leg of lamb was very good. Also, there is a great Uzbek grocery store next door.
Great familiy owned middle eastern restaurant.  The food is great, serivce is fantastic, and everyone is very friendly.
What a gem! I've driven by this several times and read some great reviews about the place and finally decided to check it out. And man am I happy! We did the king's feast, which was supposed to be for 2 people but ended up feeding two children as well as my wife and I. It was $25 for Chicken kebab, Kafta kebab, gyro, rice, hummus, babbaganoush, falafel, dolma, spinach pies, meat pies and salad or soup. The only thing I didn' t like was the spinach pie, everything else was great. My favorite was the kafta kebab, although it did taste exactly like a good meatloaf (which I like, but not sure it's what I expected). We also ordered these little chicken rolls with garlic sauce that were great. All total, I think we spent $33 and had a terrific meal. Can't wait to go back and try some of the other dishes on the menu!!
Chicken Sharwarma is amazing!!  I get the chx sharwarma sand, it's in a pita--and hummus on the side.

Very cool small joint, family run, enough said.  Very good food!
Had luch here about a week ago.   I was the only person there at 11:30 but soon folks started showing up for take out.  I ordered a fallafel sandwich and salad.  Both were incredibly fresh and tasty.  Casual atmosphere.  Friendly service.  Great prices.  Great place to eat.  I will go back!
I love their hummus, but the fattoush itself left my teeth hurting for days! I couldn't bite down on much after that. 

This last time I went, I had the falafel and spinach pocket. I don't know what it is about their phyllo but it has a strange texture to bite down on. It's not awesomely crispy. 

The falafel itself was yummy! I do wish, however, that they had romaine and tomatoes on the sandwich rather than iceberg.

Overall, it's good - some dishes even amazing! - definitely give their world-ending hummus and baba ghannoush a shot.
Great food, friendly service and a good value.

I had dinner here recently and the four of us shared a Kings Table combo.  It was delicious, fresh and served with a smile.
I must admit that I have already begun to lose faith in quite a few reviews that I've read on Yelp.  Please let me assure you that of all the reviews I read, I should have completely ignored the 4 & 5 star reviews and trusted some of the more knowledgeable but unfortunately negative reviews.  If you've eaten at some of the great mediterranean/middle eastern restaurants in the valley (I'm thinking of one unnamed delicious place in Tempe in particular), trust me this is nothing like them.  I took my wife here for lunch because of the solid 4 star rating, ignored the mild seediness of the location and ordered the gyro plate while she ordered the chicken kabob sandwich.  The waitress looked at me with a perplexed appearance so I finally asked her if there was something wrong with my order.  "We are out of gyro meat but someone will be back from the market with it if you will wait"..... So I ordered a beef schawerma sandwich instead.  Why would I wait for someone to bring back gyro meat to warm up - what happened to a spit of beef and lamb roasting on a rotisserie?  After a reasonably moderate wait we get lentil soup which was not horrible and a plate of lettuce sitting in a pool of oily dressing.  The hummus was pretty darn good - bread fine just like if I bought it at a market...not warmed but fine.  Our sandwiches each contained pretty dry, unremarkable meat - again not inedible but far from what I'm used to.  My drink was an overpriced can of soda and the whole deal was several dollars more than a wonderful meal elsewhere...complete waste.  Just because a restaurant is family owned non-franchise does not make it good or a reasonable value - sorry.
Amazing mix of excellent food and a lil culture.  I do enjoy the little unique places you have to dig for, especially if its a family run location.  The baba ganoush, and dolmas were perfect.  I'm a huge fan.  Will definately return, I have so many things to try now ;)
The lentil soup is the star of this restaurant.  I wish they sold it by the gallon.

You could say Fattoush is kind of a hole in the wall, which I appreciate in an ethnic restaurant.  The decor is eclectic and seems to embody the spirit of the family owners.  If you expect fancy you may be disappointed, but if you expect a delicious meal at a fair price you'll be headed back for more.

Tonight I had the Chicken Shawarma sandwich (seasoned and served in a pita with tomatoes, pickles, and sauce) which, served with soup or salad at $6.95, was a steal.  And the tiny cup of Turkish coffee was just right.

The service is good and definitely very friendly. 

Fattoush fits right in on that magical stretch of 19th Ave. between Indian School and Camelback, among so many great diverse food spots.
After having dined here before & given it 4 Stars, I raved it up to Norm R., Robyn N. & MIke C. who joined me for lunch here today.

Well, this place was a disappointment today.  Each of us ordered the same thing, the "Mixed Grill", a platter that was supposed to come with Gyros, Chicken Kabab, Kafta Kabab, rice, babaganoush, hummus, and pita bread.

*  After a little while our platters showed up, missing the Gyros!     :-(

*  After some back and forth, we were served the two strips each of Gyros, but it was very greasy.  We shouldn't have had to ask for it either, let alone beg!     :-(

*  I tried to order a bowl of their renouned Lentil Soup, but they didn't have any.     :-(

*  On top of everything else, this plate was expensive, at $12.49.     :-|

Ugh.  I doubt I'll be returning to this one, especially since we have excellent alternatives such as Al-Hana.     :-)
I ordered the mixed grill platter, as did my yelp friends Rand, Mike, and Robyn. I found the babaganoush, kafta, and chicken kebab to be very good. The hummus was OK. The gyro slices came only after we reminded them that those were supposed to be part of the platter, and they were greasy and unappealing. I did not care much for the salad that came with the platter. Service was friendly and the food was served promptly. But for the same kind of food - well, actually, more of it and at a lower price, I'd rather go to Babylon Gyros.
Had lunch here with Robyn,Rand,and Norm .We all ordered the mixed grill platter wich consists of chicken kabab,kafta and gyro slices.when the food arrived it was missing the gyro slices and after short argument over the gyro slices they decided to give them to us(they are on the menu and on the picture on the sandwich board out front) there should have been no question about it,its not something new to the menu.Anyway they were really greasy and not that good anyway.I did like the kafta it was very good as well as the rice. The chicken kabab was ok and the pita bread and hummas was good I also liked the garlic sauce.So I ask myself , would I return , well the answer is no. So 2 stars for Fattoush.
AWESOME.  Their grape leaves (although meatless) were some of the best I've ever had.  We also had the lamb kabobs with rice, hummus, tabouleh and lentil soup.  This will be our new staple place to go!
I've had better falafel and better hummus....mashed up chickpeas with no spices. The lentil soup was pretty good. I wish I liked it better because I live really close.
You can smell the wonderful food when you get out of your car. I love this place for the food!! It's a small, mom & pop, restaurant where the food is cooked with love! It great for middle-Eastern home cooking like mom's.... Especially, the mansef (mnisef)!!! 
it's all good, tasty, well spiced and fresh! the only down side is the location... it's not on the best side of town. Oh well, can't have it all!  Though, it's so worth the drive.... I go every 2-3 weeks.

-What to expect? a good Middle-Eastern home cooked meal for a fair price!

Save this one in you GPS fav's!
The food here is exceptional as are the prices. This place has my favorite falafel, best lentil soup in Phoenix (rivaled only by Sahara in Tempe), delicious rice and the iced tea is a yummy cardamom black tea blend that makes me happy. The vegetarian combo platter is also delightful, with outstanding hummus and babaganoush. 

This is not a place you go for atmosphere but if you love good veggie food, you should not miss this place. 

* Bonus, you can stop by the Middle Eastern Grocery next door and pick up the Sadaf cardamom tea by the box to brew at home.*
I know my middle eastern food. I eat and sleep Kabobs!
Being indian with a middle eastern background and culture. 

The food sucks. No I don't own a restaurant. I love my food.

Slow service, bad food, poor food prepping.

I didnt get sick but the food was not tasty at all
I love this cute, quaint restaurant. You can even catch belly dancing here on the early weekend nights! The food is amazing. Be sure to try the thick hummus and the Shawarma. 

Even the drinks are unique. I had one of the best glasses of lemonade (it was extremely fresh tasting and it had a pleasant aroma) and was unlike anything other lemonade I've ever sipped.

There's also a market inside the restaurant where you can pick up a pound of Feta.
I love this place.  It's run by a Lebanese family who are just really really nice.  The hummus is awesome as is the tabouleh and labni.  My favorite though is something they call "garlic dip" which tastes like some sort of avatar of garlic came up and punched you in the mouth and then french kissed you while you were passed out.  Bring breath mints, but don't skip the garlic dip!  They have a buffet for lunch on the week days which is pretty good.  I like the gyro pita and the falafel pita.  Hell, I like just about everything I've had here.

When you're done stuffing your face, go check out the market.  They have some awesome stuff if you're into mediterranean food, some halfway decent teas, fresh olives and feta, halal meats, the whole deal.
I hemmed and hawed over whether Cafe Istanbul was a three-star or a four-star joint, but the belly dancer pushed it over the top. Four stars.

But let's take a step back. 

I don't actually like belly dancing, really. I knew these girls in college who got really into it. They were the kind of girls who wore anklets and gushed about how they had studied abroad in Chee-lay and actually used the term goddess when they weren't talking about salad dressing. I'm from Oregon, so I probably knew dozens of these girls. I am not one of them. 

No, the belly dancing is awesome for an entirely different reason -- it makes my gay friend very uncomfortable. This amuses me to no end. While he tries to avoid eye contact, I smile at the dancer encouragingly, using my best "come hither" look. She comes to the table, gyrating just inches from my friend's mortified face. I am gleeful all night. 

They also have food. It's Lebanese, and it's pretty good. In addition to the standard "stuff in a pita" fare, they have some interesting dishes -- like a pizza-esque item filled with ground lamb and spices. Yumm. 

In terms of Middle Eastern food on Apache, I prefer both Haji Baba and Tasty Kabob. But I'll definitely be back. Just as soon as I can trick my friend into it.
I was not super impressed. 

I had lunch with some co-workers with high hopes. I was really disappointed. The hummus had no flavor, the pita was hard, my gyro meat was yum but the sand which had no lettuce, tomato and the sauce was scarce. 

I prob won't be running back. The people were super nice so that would be the only reason to do so.

I am going to stick with Pita House in Old Town.
I've been here a bajillion times because I used to live up the street. I've tried every type of meat and all of the vegetable dishes.  

The falafel is a little bland, but if you cover it in their garlic dip it doesn't matter.  Other than that, everything is fabulous.  The first thing I ever ate was the baked lamb sandwich and it was divine.  I just had lunch there yesterday and I'm salivating writing this review and thinking about it.

The restaurant is very nicely decorated and the family that runs the place is super nice and friendly.  I can't believe how empty this place usually is, especially since Pita Jungle is across the street and parking is impossible over there.

They have a lunch buffet but I've never partaken.
WIN.

I've been here a few times and every time I say to my dining partner, "damn this is good".  Their food is excellent and homemade.  The waiters are very friendly (family run spot) and knowledgeable about their food and ingredients.  I highly recommend the chicken kabob, lamb kabob, and garlic sauce... YUM!

For gluten-free diners, steer clear of their lentil soup and their rice, both items contain small wheat noodles.  Shame too because the soup is fantastic.  Also while you're there don't sleep and order a lemonade, it's crazy good.
This place is great if your looking for a nice middleastern meal, and also mid-eastern atmosphere, it has taken off since oasis moved, and they have revamped the place, i would highly recommend it, its very authentic, and if your looking for "Halal" "Kocher" food they have it as well! 
The owners are lebanese and cook in true lebanese fashion! 

You can also sit down and enjoy tea and a nice Shisha *Hooka*
I've been here twice now for the lunch buffet and the second time I even brought a friend who was a foodie and both times it was great. They have a great selection of dips on the buffet, a few salads and many warm entrees to choose from. 

I recommend taking a little bit of everything and if you follow my rule, you won't be disappointed. Everything is absolutely delicious and you'll have fun guessing the spices in the various dishes. 

If you're in the mood for some tasty middle eastern food, I would really recommend it. It's a little short on ambiance, but with flavors like that, who's looking anywhere but their plate?
Awesome chicken shawarma sandwich!  However, it came with fries, w/c were crispy and delicious, but the grease and flavor almost brought on nausea (sorry for the visual).  I hope management will allow me to substitute next time.  

Noticed bags of pita for take-out in the deli section- Good Bread pita and Al-Hana whole wheat.  They do not contain *, so I'll be taking some home next time!

I'd prefer not having the deli counter visible from the dining area, though (so glaringly bright!).  Put up a divider of sorts, and this venue could easily attain great-for-a-date status!
I really adore this place. They've got some of the best lentil soup around and all of their chicken dishes have been perfectly seasoned and very, very juicy. I recently got the kabob plate and it came out so tender and juicy it was falling apart on my fork. Their hummus and garlic sauce are both very good as well and the service is quick and friendly. 

Last time I was in, I noticed they expanded their dining section so the place is a bit bigger now, probably to accommodate the increase in customers from the park-and-ride light rail station right in front of their restaurant.

Do yourself the favor. If you're heading on the light rail and feel hunger strike, stop off here and enjoy a nice meal. They have good lunch specials around $7.50 for a full plate with meat, hummus, garlic sauce, pita, and tabouli. Mmmm!
The restaurant is very good. I particularly like the Sanbusek, and the Kafta, Grape leaves, etc. Very well done.

The real star is the upstairs Hookah lounge, if you're into Hookah. Very loungy atmosphere, couches are very comfortable, and the Hookah has the best flavors. The belly dancing show is alright. I'm not that much into belly dancing but it adds some extra middle eastern flavor to the atmosphere. I've been there once and certainly it will be one of my favorite destinations.
Good Chicken shawrma, got the lunch portion which was very reasonably priced (7.50 I think).  Although the waitress gave me rice instead of the veggie option, the meal was still well worth it.  Good for the $$, will be back for lunch again.
We've been going here for years, and we went again last night. This is the hands down best place to get Chicken shwarma in the valley. My friends turned me on to Cafe Istanbul a few years ago and even though they moved away long ago, we still go. My mother flew to town this week and the only place she mentioned having to go to while here is Cafe Istanbul! 

Some nights there is a belly dancer, and you should always order the lentil soup!
Great food, great prices, great hookahs, great shisha selection... Nuff said... but really, if you live in Tempe and have a hookah hobby, do yourself a favor and visit this place.  You will be pleasantly surprised by all the hookah gear they carry.  If hookah isn't your thing then come for the food.  Their chicken shawarma sandwich with fries is delicious and affordable.
After last night I asked myself, "Why have I never been here before?" 
It was a slow Thursday night but the service certainly wasn't. 

I hate when I go into a restaurant that has six customers (your party being two of them) and the service is ridiculously slow (see my review on Casa Philipina.) 

My friend, who brought me into this quaint eatery last night, is pure Pakistani. She raved about how amazing this family owned cafe and market reminded her of home and how they served the best lentil soup and grilled lemon chicken. 

I was impressed. Extremely. 

The soup was fantastic, the pita bread was warm and begged for me to dip it in a mixture of hummus and cilantro. When the dish came out I stared at it in awe and proceeded to dig in! The rice and chicken was abundant! The chicken was seasoned to perfection and juicy, the hummus and garlic paste was a perfect companion. 

My friend then had me share a mango juice and baklava with her and I was in heaven! 

I'm also into hookah so I was impressed with the hookah selection and tobacco! Very reasonably priced!
Great little family owned place.  A good portion of the clientle is actually Middle Eastern, so they've got to be doing something right.  The owner, Mike, is always around and very friendly, and usually hanging out in the market part of the building.  There's a hookah bar upstairs, but having an aversion to hookah, I've never ventured in.   The market is neat to look around in and a good place to go for some excellent fresh feta cheese or lamb.

On to the food.. it is fantastic and inexpensive.  You can get a falafel sandwich and fries for under $5, but that's about the cheapest meal on the menu.  The have a lunch buffet Monday - Friday from 11-3 for $10.  It's a very small buffet and at least half of it is cold food like salads and hummus.  About 75% of the time, I have no idea what I'm eating, but I always enjoy it.

As an added bonus, the last time I was there the guy who refilled my water was wearing one of those t-shirts with kittens on it.. their faces on the front, and their butts on the back.  I don't know if he was serious or not, but it was pretty amazing.
When Pita Jungle is insanely packed, just walk across the street and I promise you will better food at a cheaper price.  Their hummus is absolutely delicious and I love their lamb!  Perfectly seasoned food and a great price!  Hit this place up over Pita Jungle and you won't be disappointed.
I went to this place to get my first Hookah. Really good prices on hookahs and shisha. Better prices than online. The staff are pretty cool guys.
Was just there for dinner, based upon some of the other reviews on Yelp, and because I live only blocks away and had never been there before.  I would highly recommend the Lemon Chicken, it's extraordinary.  I had the Kofta Kabob (lamb), and it was tasty though not over-the-top amazing.  The lentil soup was good, perhaps a bit too much black pepper, but still really nice.  I give Pita Jungle a slightly better rating for its garlic dip, but it's still worth ordering here.   The mango juice (blended with ice) was delicious.  

The service was more than a bit lethargic, and one of our dishes came out about 10 minutes after the first one.  Realizing that, however, that late dish was comped (without our asking) by someone who I assume was the owner/manager, which was a nice response to the situation.  I assume they were having an off night, and it wouldn't prevent me from returning.   

In short, I recommend.
Along the Metro line in central Tempe, you come to this fairly small building with a hookah shop in the front (I kid you not), and a restaurant in the middle, & another hookah den or something in the back!  I dropped in (down, but hungry anyway) for the lunch buffet, & started with a delicious non-vegetarian lentil soup, kept nice & hot.

After the soup, the serving table is about half cold choices, ranging from common salad  & deli items such as potato salad, cole slaw, & so on, to tasty exotic treats.  There were good spreads too, for your bread, which is in a basket there by the soup, covered up with a green cloth napkin.  Over in the hot section, today, they had Lamb with Mologie, Yogurt Katfa (with lamb meatballs), Chicken Kafta, Chicken Stroganoff, & more.  On both sides of the serving table some items were labeled & some not.

The service here is friendly and the food is delicious & different (spectacular if you hit the hookah first!).  Either way, try it!

Lunch buffet:  $9.45
Always good food here.  And, you can take home several types of feta cheese, baklava, grape leaves, etc....
The lentil soup is one of my favorites (always choose soup) along with the halibut.
Overall I thought this was a pretty good place.  The prices were very cheap (about $8 got me appetizer, dinner, and a shared dessert) but the food didn't blow me away. The pita was pretty hard and the hummus was on the bland side for me. Great falafel, lentil soup (for sure choose the soup over the fries), and baklava though.
This place has been on my "to try" list for about 10 years, and after a Saturday afternoon game at Tempe Diablo, we finally swung by. 

The meal was delightful. We ordered a small hummus, the falafel plate, and the "istanbuli combo:" chicken, lamb, and kafka kabobs. Everything, including the lentil soup and salad, was fresh and loaded with flavor. The falafel might be the best I've ever had.

All for 23 bucks before tip--some serious bang for your buck. 

Service was very friendly. We will definitely be back.
I'll start off by saying I prefer Haji Baba's less than one mile away.

I went for lunch with a friend for the buffet.  I think $9.99 is pricey for the size and selection of the buffet.  I also determined that I am not a buffet person.  Having tiny bites of such a variety of foods caused me to feel sick the whole drvie home afterwards.  

The buffet does not have any hot vegetarian items.  Instead the kitchen will cook you 4 falafel and bring it out while you are eating all the cold items, soup and pita bread that is vegetarian.

I ordered the mango juice and it was expensive and just okay.  I much prefer a mango lassi at an Indian Restaurant.

This restaurant wasn't bad but I won't be going back.
We found this place due to its proximity from the light rail.

I'm a huge fan of Middle Eastern food, so I was thrilled to start our pub crawl off with some tasty food and hookah pipe action.

Because I planned on being out late, I thought I would indulge in a Turkish coffee....HOLY CRAP! It was HUGE.  I mean, seriously, it was like 4 regular Turkish coffees in one freakishly large cup. Didn't stop me from drinking it, but it was too strong for some of the others in our group.

We then had a sampling of various appetizer type dishes, and I was quite happy with all of them.  I would have liked it if a few of my friends would have been more adventurous, but hey, they found chicken on the menu and ate that.

After we ate, we smoked some hookah and watched hilarious Arabic tv.  Have no idea what was going on, but would have killed for subtitles.  I'd like to go back and check out the market for items I can't find at the regular grocery store, and I will be back again for more eats and hookah.
I love Middle Eastern food and am constantly in search for a place that can cook a meal as well as my Nana could. There are many great places nearby but this place was really great. We went there for the lunch buffet which was small and oh so authentic. We all loved it! 

The prices were great which made this place even better. There is also a nice little market and hookah to smoke if you're into it. 

Lastly, the location is great. While I love pita jungle, I say beat the lunch crowd and head over to this place. We sat down and ate a quick, delicious buffet lunch. You won't be disappointed.
This low-key cafe has excellent service with super friendly help and delicious food. The baba-ganouch and hummis were flavorful and plentiful. The lentil soup is absolutely the best ever. Go with the recommendations of the wait staff, they know what they are talking about. Yum :)
I used to eat here several years ago in their other location and when they first moved into the current location.  It was always good food, it just somehow fell off my Mediterranean food list with so many choices around the Tempe area.  But, I made sure to go recently and I was reminded why I enjoyed it so much before.  It also made me wonder why I haven't chosen it more often for this style of food.

They were doing a buffet but we could also still order off the menu.  I don't know if they do this often or if it was just a welcoming back to ASU type of thing but we chose to the buffet  to try some new dishes.  It was all very tasty.  Of course there was some pita and hummus and then some rice.  They had a stewed lamb dish and one that was stewed chicken.  Both were very flavorful.  THey also has a rice and chicken dish and a rice and lamb dish.  With all of the meets being bone-in, they really infused some great flavors.  

There was a custardy desert that the server said said was made with rosewater, it was very sweet.  I typically don't like custards for texture reasons so I am not one to judge their quality.  I just wanted to give everything available an honest try.  

I usually try to keep my portions under control and always leave a place with leftovers but this food was tasty enough for me to go back for 2nds.  With all the great Mediterranean food in close proximity it's hard to stand out, but this place is worthy of being in the rotation.
I am a huge fan of Cafe Istanbul and I will say it immediately so you know this may be a bias account. I buy all of my coals, shisha and most of my hookahs from here. Their extremely wide selection of Shisha brands - Starbuzz, Havana, Al Fakir, Layalina and more is the widest selection in Phoenix.

No I dont work for them. I just like this place alot.

Pros: Upstairs isolated comfy air-conditioned with couches Hookah smoking area..you can take the food from downstairs and bring it upstairs and smoke and eat. Totally legal and legit. 

The amazing selection of shisha, hookahs and hookah products is one thing BUT the menu is really special. I absolutely adore shwarma (lamb) and it is really hard to find it skewered right off with pickles, tomatoes..its all kinds of yummy goodness.

The lamb is great..they also have a lunch and dinner selection..so like lamb in pita for lunch but a lamb plate with rice and extras for dinner. same lamb just more of it. 

So food is awesome, hookah is awesome..so why only 4 stars when Im a groupie?

Con: Sometimes due to ASU student changes their service can be a bit temperamental. new staff dont know how to do things and in the winter or summer it can be annoying especially being a regular. When my favorite waiter leaves to go home to Indiana and the new person takes over...well I dont feel all that special right then.  But thankfully the more I go then they know me and its all good.

Also even though the menu is really fantabulous..it is not the best pita place in the entire world..it has other focuses besides pita..hence pita jungle across the street is probably better at pita's but they dont have hookahs..this place mixes original food with a fun hookah experience.
I haven't tried all their dishes yet, but usually when I like something, I tend to stick to it.  Their hummus is uhmazing!  Perfectly seasoned, I order this every time.  Their chicken kabob, whether in plate or sandwich form, is juicy and delicious.  I love their simple lentil soup too!  I don't care for their kefta kabob.  I usually love their rice, but the last time I went there, they were serving a yellow colored rice, but before it was just white.  :(    Other than that, it is decently priced for a quick lunch or casual dinner!  I looove middle eastern food, and only eat here, Byblos, and Middle Eastern Bakery Deli.  Mmmmmm!
This all around one of my absolute favorite places to go whenever I have the energy to make it out there.  It's not far from where I live, but you have to understand, I'm incredibly lazy.  If I can get away with it, I'll pick up the remote control with my foot so that I don't have to sit up.

If you can, make it for lunch.  Their lunch menu is, I wouldn't say "cheaper," but... you know, it's pretty damn cheap.  Ah, le mot juste!  

Their hummus is damn good, I loved the shit out of their lamb's tongue when I had it and they serve good, strong, kick-you-in-the-ass Turkish coffee.  I asked the lady who works there what a great dessert was and she steered me toward this stuff that was like baklava but it had custard in it.  Holy shit, it was incredible.
The chicken shawarma is stellar. I get it to go at least once a month, substituting veggies for the rice. Slightly pricey, but you get a lot of food and it's very consistent.
Love this place! Food is on par every time we go. We love the cheese baklava, but they never have it anymore due to the semi-ok pastries they now make. The service is not bad and everyone there is always so nice. 

We often go to Hookah, which is always fun! I just hate that they automatically add 15% gratuity to every bowl smoked. It wouldn't be a problem if their hookah servers we good every time instead of some of the time.

All n' All I enjoy going here with my fiance and friends to hang out and have a good time!
I've only been here once so far, and when I did go, I got the falafel, which as I understand it is the "safe" choice. My boyfriend went for the lamb's tongue. Yeahhh, I grew up in Maine, and this country girl is going to need a bit more time acclimating to the big city before she will put another animal's tongue in her mouth. I'm good with "safe."

Regardless, the falafel was delicious. Best falafel I've ever had. Every other place I've had it has been kinda hard and dry, but at Cafe Istanbul, it was moist all the way through and very tasty. My boyfriend reports that his tongue was delicious as well, but I'll just take his word on that.

I'll definitely be visiting this restaurant again, especially since it's so close by, I'd be stupid not to. Maybe I'll work my way up to the tongue. The service was efficient, and not much more than that, but I'll take efficiency over friendly ineptitude. The cafe itself is pretty cozy inside and overall it's a pleasant dining experience.
Very good food ~ always consistent ~ good buffet at lunch ~ not cheap but very freshly prepared with great care. Clean facility with friendly staff. Owners usually on site ~ lots of pride of ownership. 

May the owner continue to experience abundance. Blessings :) KC
I visited Cafe Istanbul for dinner on a Wednesday evening. The weather was nice so we sat out on the patio. Just a view of the parking lot, but outside is good weather is always better in my opinion and the metal chairs were comfortable enough with cushions. 

Friend and I ordered and shared a variety of appetizers and they were all very tasty. I had moujadara, lubieh bezeyt, garlic dip, Haloumi cheese pie, and fresh mozzarella with tomato (sort of a middle eastern caprese salad). The spicing on the lubieh was excellent. The garlic dip was pungent...just the way I like it. My friend had the chicken shawarma with rice pilaf and salad. The rice was flavorful and she said the shawarma was excellent. 

Service was spotty but not terrible. Portion size was decent, pita bread was fresh and warm, Turkish coffee was well done. I love middle eastern food (must have been Lebanese in a former life)  and this is the best place I have tried in a while. All in all I can't wait to go back and try a few more things like hummus and falafel and babaganouj.
= = = = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET  = = = = = =

I've been enjoying this place from time to time for a year & a half now since the last review, & I'm pleased to report that it's still excellent!  Mike C. & I stopped in for the lunch buffet today & although the courses served vary from one visit to the next, it's always a fun place to enjoy a Middle Eastern buffet lunch, & it's one of only four such buffets in the Valley.  Princess Mediterranean Market (Friday only) & Saba's in Carefree (Sunday only) are excellent too!

A couple of today's treats here were delicious fresh pitas, completely covered with sesame seeds, to fill with your choices of three flavors of hummus, & lasagne made with cream sauce & lamb.

Lunch Buffet is served Monday through Friday 11-3 & the price has increased a little, to $9.95...  It's worth it!     :-))
Yay I am a fan of Cafe Istanbul. The food here is quite different then any of your typical buffets but it is also very tasty..They did have meatloaf that was real good and not quite middle eastern as well as lasagna made with lamb and cream sauce {not Italian} . I am not a big salad eater {rabbit food} but here the salad stuff is 5 stars. So for a great change in buffets I recommend Cafe Istanbul.
.
I have been at this place for its fine hookah smoking and its fine Middle Eastern food. Ate the garlic dip hummus with the warm pita, very tasty indeed.  I have tasted the chicken schwarma sandwich, again another tasty delight on the menu. Oh, and for the hookah, delicious arrays of aromas, my favorite is the sweet melon but I urge you to try the pumpkin pie. The coals were lovingly tended to and the woman who was tending was very thoughtful and made sure all my smoking and eating needs were always tended to. The shisha never got harsh and as a result I had a fun relaxing time. Definitely a high recommendation. About the only negative is the lack of a wi-fi but since I'm always prepared for this, it wasn't that big of a deal for me, at least not enough to not recommend this place to others.
My favorite Mediterranean food so far in Phoenix. Food made by a real cook and very tasty. If you like pita jungle for it's Mediterranean at all, this place will really beat it.
I have only checked out this place for the lunch buffet which is delicious.  The warm bread was the best part of the meal.  I will have to order something off the menu next time.  I bought some Hookah supplies as well so +1 for combining 2 trips :)
I have not tried everything on their menu.  The grilled lemon chicken is amazing, and some of their deserts (pastries) are amazing.  

My problem is with the service.  A couple of times I have been charged the wrong price, other times "lunch" prices seem to end at 3, while other times it ends at 4, and the lady (maybe the owner) is not very friendly.  When I have been charged dinner price at 3PM (instead of 4) or been charged incorrectly, it has been by the owner lady.  

I am a regular here because the food is great, and the servers are friendly, but the owner lady doesn't offer the best customer service or fair pricing.
*DISCLAIMER*: I will be rating this establishment for Hookah only and as such you should know that my comments reflect that.

For Hookah, honestly this is the best place in the Arab Quarter (the stretch of Arab restaurants and establishments stretching down most of Apache and the surrounding area). I have tried nearly all the other places (hubbly bubbly, Harem Nights, King Tuts) and compared to all of them I can sincerely say that Cafe Istanbul is the best among them.

Reasons:

Hookah: Wide variety of flavors both Starbuzz and Al-Fakher (important for those who are tobacco purists wishing for either the straight UAE brand or the more hip sugarier flavors) and they will mix whatever you ask. They use natural coals (not the instalights) which allows for a "smoother" smoke as it were. They also carry much more in stock in terms of their brand.

Staff: Generally speaking, very polite and very helpful, they will turn your coals as often as possible and accommodate a lot of requests. One simply need to follow the rules of common sense and be equally respectful.

Ambience: Now this part is  particularly personal, but I have likened the ambience to being similar to that of Jabba's Palace or the Cantina from Star Wars, which to say the least, is amusing by far. Generally comfortable seats and couches, but I prefer the more quiet ambience of the outside balcony; in either case, you're bound for some great people watching, especially on wilder nights as they cater to a lot of the local arab community. Definitely not a "Club" hookah scene which definitely makes it feel smaller and more of a nicer atmosphere.
I have never really enjoyed Cafe Istanbul. From the attitude from the staff (catch them on a bad day and they're downright rude) to how insanely difficult it can be to even get new coals, I'd just rather go somewhere else with my friends.
Great shisha and other items...friendly service; will definitely be trying the food soon. Gyros, baked lamb- sounds amazing.
In the interest of full disclosure the only thing I every really go here for is the lunch buffet but wow, what a great buffet! I believe the buffet itself is about $10 and for that you get a wide range of vegetarian items and as with other items on the buffet most of those get changed out over time so you get a rotation of various dishes as you come back. They also have hummus and baba ghanoush (like hummus but made with eggplant instead of chickpeas). There is generally at least one dish with red meat (today it was a tomato based stew with eggplant and either beef or lamb) and usually two dishes with chicken.

I generally get iced tea to go with the meal and one thing to note, they do not serve alcohol so if you want to go someplace where you can also have a drink or two, this would not be a good place to go but if you just want a place with really good Middle Eastern food (the owners told me it is really Lebanese cooking but I'm going to just generalize and say for most of us, when you try it, you will think Middle Eastern). Of course, you can walk a block or two to 4 peaks brewery, in the same area, and have a drink or two before or after you your meal. 

One really nice thing about this place it is right off the Apache stop on the light rail and right across the road (same side of the street) is Pita Jungle so a wide range of good food options right off that light rail stop.

Bottom line, I've never had anyone I've taken here NOT like it and everyone who has gone has wanted to go back again. I like it for lunch during the workday because it is quick and you have a wide variety of regularly changed out tasty food options, so I recommend you give it a try if you have the time. :-)
Disappointed! I must have caught this place on an off day, I am willing to try it again maybe at the hookah lounge during the evening. The falafel pita was good and the my dining partner enjoyed the gyro. We had ordered the garlic dip to start and we were immensely disappointed. It literally tasted like garlic mayonnaise. While I know some garlic dip is made this way, I was a expecting fresh, lemony potato or bread based garlic dip. Needless to say we hardly touched it, I wish they would have specified this in the menu so that I would have saved my money for the hummus.
After a long day of busting my ass I wanted to find a place where I can unwind by indulging my taste buds. I have a few spots near Tempe that are trustworthy when it comes to fulfilling my desires, but its always better to expand your circle of friends. I decided to do just that.

Mexican food, pizza, burgers are all great, but sometimes you just want something that's not run of the mill. I wanted gyros, but like I said I wanted to try something new because I've been to Haji Baba far too many times and Phoenicia is a bit too pricey for me.

A gyro sandwich plus fries for $5.99 sounded like a really good deal...except that the gyro was very sub par. I was expecting something that was sliced fresh off the rotisserie, and instead got what seemed to be frozen meat cooked on a grill. If I wanted that stuff, I could have made it at home. Thanks for the offer, but I don't think I will be coming here again.

The food wasn't completely inedible, and the service was certainly pretty good. That's probably the only reason I gave it a 2 star rating. I'm not into hookah, and I don't mind the smell, but it didn't add to the experience. Although, if for some ridiculous reason I did want to smoke hookah, this place seemed pretty cool because it looks like they are the hookah kings of Tempe, never seen that many hookahs in my life.

I don't think I will be returning here. Probably better off trying Haji Baba or Phoenica.
I don't think they should be calling this place Istanbul Cafe, there is nothing Turkish about it! The name is so deceiving...
Pretty good but over loaded with garlic.  Nice atmosphere and friendly family operated business.  5 year customer.
AWESOME and inexpensive.  Don't let the humble restaurant side fool you, the food is first rate and staff very friendly.
Good decent turkish style kebab and shawerma joint.  The service was ok, they have a decent sized dining room but its kind of dingy inside and needs a facelift. I prefer the outdoor dining area, its more appealing. Parking is plentiful and there's a middle eastern grocery store next door which is convenient.
Best Chicken Shawarma EVAR!!

And their lemonade is crack. I'm pretty sure there is not actual crack used in the making of the lemonade, but it's addictive as all get out. 

So, I used to go to Arizona every year in the spring for work. And I'd go to Cafe Istanbul a few times during my stay. I did this for seven or so years. 
I've been gone for six, but when I came back this year and walked in there, the owner recognized me right away, welcomed me back, and made our dinner feel very homey. 
The food is every bit as good as I remember. Everything I've ever had there has been fan-freakin-tastic. 

I think I secretly travel to AZ just to have their chicken shawarma. It's totally worth the 1800 mile trip for me.
I love cafe istanbul! They have a really good variety of sheesha and everything you need for your at home hookah needs. The guy who works in the hookah store is really nice and is very knowledgeable about hookah. He is very generous as well. 

Their food is really good also. There isn't an extensive list of choices but their schwarmas are awesome. I personally like the chicken and for about 6 bucks for a good sized schwarma and fries you can't go wrong.

Their hookah lounge is upstairs and you enter from the parking lot. They have good choices and are also very nice. They were doing deals that women got free hookah on tuesdays (not sure if this is still going on). All you have to do is bring a girl with youand on a tuesday and bam! Let the awesome deals begin!
Nom Nom Nom!

A few of my girlfriends and I got a case of the tummy grumbles last Thursday night and decided to hop in the car with no destination in mind. 

I had a bunch of indecisive girls in my car, so what did I do? Took charge and hoped onto Yelp. We found Cafe Instanbul nearby and all agreed to try it!

I've been wanting to try this place for quite a while, and I'm so glad we finally ventured over because it is as good as it gets. Hummus? Yes, please. Pita bread? Homemade, served fresh and hot! My friend and I split the Veggie Combo and we both loved it.

After dinner, we made our way upstairs to the hookah lounge. The restaurant closed at 10 but the hookah lounge stays open until 12 or 1am, not really sure. 

The place was pretty busy, but we found seating and got a couple hookahs and relaxed for a while. 

The price is right. The food is fantastic. The service was great. I'll be back for sure.
Cafe Istanbul is a place that you need to familiarize yourself with before you can appreciate it.  It is popular for its lunch buffet (which, we found out yesterday, is temporarily closed), which always has a wide selection of salads, sides, meats, and other entrees.  If you want to try a little bit of everything, the buffet is a good option.

Where Cafe Istanbul really excels, however, is their menu.  Sometimes it takes discipline to order off a menu when you have a buffet in front of you, but it actually might save you a little cash, and you have choices that are simply not available on the buffet.

Lamb tongue sandwich?  Yes, please... Theirs is a little better than Haji Baba's lamb tongue sandwich.  Baked lamb over seasoned rice?  Incredible.  Humus, babaganouj, ma'anek (delicous lamb sausage) on the appetizers menu... all winners.

And sometimes I go here just so I can have that delicious soup (make sure you put some sriracha in it).

Fair warning: on some days, the service can be really bad.  Sometimes bad enough that, despite the great food, it is enough to discourage me from going there.  But it's a little easier if you go into it with that expectation.  This is a more recent problem, so hopefully they get that worked out... The people who run the place actually seem really nice, though.
The service was not good. Four people in the store and we stood there for 10 minutes until I The website is out of date with prices and portions
love it!!
I love their babaganoosh and the rice...oh amazing rice!! 
it's great that they care enough to serve the vegetarians like me some Falafels. Service is friendly, food is good. go there, you won't be disappointed!
Greatl place to have a hookah But do not come if ur trying to enjoy sunday night football with a hookah. Who doesnt have  NBC...I thought that was a basic cable channel???
Awesome place! It's one of the only hookah lounges that opens before 4pm. Great staff! Also check out this www.the-shisha.com!
Great middle-east style kababs and very reasonably priced. There is hooka service in an outside patio.
This is one of the best places out there. There food is amazing! I would recommend this place to anyone!
Had the $9.99 lunch buffet which includes iced tea, soda, whatever.  Buffet had at least 3 salads plus usual leafy greens, pitas (which were not as warm and pliable as I would like - only false note), tiny little meat pies, rice, kofta meatballs with potatoes in a sauce, lamb and green peas in another sauce, chicken-mushroom-red peppers in another sauce, chicken-eggplant in the yummiest sauce, another ground meat-rice casserole that I skipped and fish in a lemon-tinged tomato sauce.  Fish was supposed to be grouper which seems a bit expensive for this kind of buffet, but it wasn't catfish/tilapia or the other usual suspects but thick and meaty and altogether yummy.  Every dish had a distinctive flavor.  Hubby and I both ate way too much.  Dessert was "hunny pudding" which seemed to be the usual smooth rice-based pudding with ground pistachios and orange blossom water flavoring--what's not to like there?  Can't comment too much on the service because it was a buffet but it was friendly including table visit from chef/owner.  Can't believe I've never been there before.  Definitely will put this on my when-in-Tempe list.  More interesting than Pita Jungle.
Love.
This place was not good. I dont understand how it has so many good reviews.  I had the veggie platter/combo that comes with all the dips like hummus, tabbouli, etc plus some falafel an dolmades.   The pita was not good - just the flat cheap they buy.  I miss the doughy round pita freshly baked in brick ovens. My fiance's mousaka was disgusting, served almost like a soup.
Amazing as always!!!!!
Great food, great location and the the waiter was very friendly and nice. I loved the food. and I was full with the combo platter.
Shwarmas, man.  Do it.  Then wash it down with strawberry juice.  Ohh and the hookahs are fun.  The staff is friendly and service is quick.  I feel like Haji Baba is more popular, but I don't know why because place is sooooo much more delish.
= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =

After their summer break, Cafe Istanbul has reinstituted their delicious Middle Eastern Lunch Buffet, so I darted over here today, joined by Mike C. & Jackie C.

This excellent feast included lots of cold salad & other items, Lentil Soup, & a number of other hot dishes including two of beef, two of lamb, and one of chicken.  It was all very good!

"So where's Star #5?" you ask.  ...Glad you asked that!     :-)

*  There was no soap in the men's room (until I asked) & some of the food items weren't labeled.

With that said, this is an excellent lunch buffet & I'm eager to return as they do vary the selections some from day to day.  Also, the service is friendly and the price hasn't increased since my last Update 2 years & 5 months ago!     :-))
kabobs were good and tabouli was good hummus was ok. Good environment could be better if there wasnt hooka smoke inside... WOuld go back for sure
Overall the wife and I had a good experience here. We ordered the baked lamb entree and the istanbuli combo (lamb kebob, chicken kebob, and beef kebob). The lamb dish was super good. Craving it now thinking about it! 

The istanbuli combo, however, wasn't as pleasing. The chicken and beef kabobs came out burnt - Completely! To the point of inedible - dried out and charcoaled. However the waitress was able to replace the burnt kebobs and got us some freshly cooked chicken. Nicely recovered. But lost a star for even presenting burnt food in the first place. 

The baklava was again a saving grace. It was so delicious! It was freshly made that day so we lucked out. So so good!! They also have free wifi and hookah - didn't try the hookah yet. I definitely would recommend this place. 

-- keep eatin'
I went here for dinner with my girlfriend and her mom,  the food was amazing, and the service was excellent. I only wish our server had told us his name so I can properly thank him. After dinner we enjoyed some hookah. They have endless flavors. It was brought quickly and was prepared with care. It was a wonderful experience. Even though it was slow the server was polite and made the experience top notch.
I used to work here. It is the worst priced/managed hookah lounge I have ever been to. Do you know their employees make 4.75 plus tips? So usually they make less than minimum wage??? The hookahs haven't been changed in years, the management won't change them, this place isn't going anywhere.
I had heard that this place has the best falafel in the valley, so, naturally, I had to check it out. I had recently discovered The Greeks Grill and their amazing falafel, and I had to see if this place could one-up them. 

I was beyond excited for the falafel, but when I walked in, I already knew I was in for a letdown. The service was bad from the start; curt, unhelpful, disinterested. We ordered the baba ganoush, which was alright. Nothing special, but we were hungry. The falafel came and I eagerly took a bite, only to have to force the bite down with water. The falafel was bland and not well prepared (resemblant of mush), and they overcompensated with the hummus and pickles to try to make up for the flavor. 

Now, I'm sure they prepare some of their food well, given the amount of positive reviews they have from other Yelpers, but I will never be heading back there.

Needless to say, we left and got some yummy food to cleanse our taste buds. Definitely sticking with The Greeks Grill for all further falafel excursions.
This is a cool little spot in Tempe that offers seemingly authentic Mediterranean food at very reasonable prices. They offer hookah as well. 

You can choose to dine in their dimly lit cafe or take your order to go. Either way, $5.99 for a schwarma is a bargain, the staff is kind, and they even threw some fries into my to-go box without asking at no extra charge.

I'm completely satisfied and see no reason to complain.
One of the few places outside of my house that you can get good food and hookah in one setting. They offer a buffet (which I have never tried), hookah, dine-in, take out, a small deli, a hookah shop to get your personal supplies and outdoor seating with misters for summertime comfort (if you can get that in Phoenix!). They also have a hookah lounge that is open later than the restaurant upstairs.

I am a regular customer and Olga, Mike and Ronda are always very nice and helpful. Since I cook Middle Eastern food at home, I tend to pay extra attention to restaurants offering similar foods. Their hummus, babaghanoush and falafel are ok. I can eat the hummus and not complain or turn it away, but my friends keep telling me that it is not as good as mine. The falafel (when I had it) was bland, but cooked perfectly. I like the falafel at Haji Baba's better.

Their chicken shwarma has always been stellar. I love it. My friends love the gyro meat there. I've never had over-cooked or under-cooked meat here. The flavors make your taste buds cheer. Their Turkish coffee is always delicious and made to my taste.  I have a new favorite recently: Fattoush with chicken. Yummmmm. A little heavy on the dressing usually, but still yummy.

Their hookah service is usually wonderful. Coals are always refreshed, but I noticed if a customer isn't quite familiar with hookah maintenance, they don't turn the coals for them.

Sometimes, the service is slow there, but since I know it isn't the case on a regular basis, I let it slide. There hasn't been anything that screamed "Don't come back here!" and I find myself meeting friends there all the time. Great hangout and chill place.
WOW! The food was great! the only problem with this place is that it is dirty!!! so if you do not mind that and love food... then this is the place to be.. The chicken Shawarma(not the sandwich) was delicious... and there lamb is exceptional!!!!! The place is always full of hungry Somalians and Ethiopians... and that my friends is a sign that should tell you that this place has yummy food!!!!
Juba Red Sea & Mediterranean Cuisine is a truly amazing place. 

You just have to get past the location which is a bit daunting located in a very crowded strip center with many African and Somali shops. Plus more than half the cars parked in the lot were taxicabs. I went after work to meet some friends as we had heard a lot about this place as it serves goat! 

We enjoyed some good hummus and pitas as we waited to order. We were disappointed to discover that they only serve goat at lunch time and usually run out by 2-3pm so you have to reserve it for dinner. Oh, well another time. They were also out of the Somali iced tea which I had wanted to try. So water was fine. We ordered an order a couple orders of Sanbusas, which are a deep fried pastries filled with ground beef and Somali spices, kind of like an Indian samosas. Comes with two but are large to share and more than enough for 3-4 people. 

We ordered Chicken Sukhaar which is served with basmati rice that has been flavored with cardamom and cinnamon, and other spices I can't name. Mixed Kabob plate which of the three the chicken kabob was the best. We also ordered the loin of lamb which was excellent, fish which was OK and the best dish was the meat and naan dish which I'm not even sure of it's name. But it was this wonderful marinated beef (maybe called Beef Sukhaar) which was chopped up with onions, tomatoes and spices with strips of naan that I thought were noodles topped up with this wonderful sour cream sauce. It was amazing. We also got the naan sandwich which had the same meeting fillings wrapped in naan like a wrap. Delish! 

Best of all they had this spicy green sauce sitting on the table that we put on everything. We ordered way too much food - each dish would feed 2-3 people and we ordered 8 dishes for 8 people! So we all took take home boxes to eat the next day. Plus with tip and tax it was $13 per person! A truly amazing deal. 

So give this place a try as it's worth the time it takes to find a parking spot.
The only reason we ended up here was because Sonic wasn't open on Christmas Day.  We spotted a bunch of African cabbies in a parking lot so we parked and explored our options.  Most went into Juba so we did too.

The place was a big dingy so we opted for takeout.  Greek salad, falafels, king fish, Lamb shank, Mediterranean appetizers. But the owner came to the market to find us and tell us they didn't have any more falafels. We changed to Lamb kabob and chicken kabobs.

Everything came with fresh lettuce and tomatoes. The best was the rice which was seasoned with cardamom and raisins and other spices.  The worst was the hummus and falafel in the appetizer plate.  I ate a chicken kabob in pita which was quite good.  The meat was still juicy and the dressing was just right.

I would order everything except the appetizer plate.
We had plans to check out Juba after a baseball game, had purchased a restaurant.com certificate. On the certificate the street address was listed incorrectly so I had called in to double check. I could not really understand what the man on the line was saying and he did not come off very friendly but my boyfriend insisted we try it out.
We finally found the restaurant tucked in a strip mall of various other Somalia stores and Subway.

This place is a total hole in the wall and if you can get past the weird odor - the food isn't half bad. As others have mentioned, it is also dirty - and it is...

We did not try anything too crazy off the menu (such as goat) but we ordered their sanbusa, gyro sandwich and gyro salad. They used plenty of greens and veggies in the salad and the sanbusa's were delicious. 
Service was SLOW and at times other patrons would come in and they would all speak so loudly it was easy to be distracted or have your attention drawn to them.

It is something I could say I tried, not sure I would go back but definitely worth checking out once. Plus their prices are so cheap, we couldn't/didn't even use the restaurant.com certificate.
The iced tea is the best I've ever had. It has little clove flowers floating in it. I had the lamb shank on my first visit. It was very tender (but it was too fatty for me), the rice was "eh".

I came back a second time for the iced tea, of course. The service was exceptionally slow. We waited about 40 minutes for the waitress to come back for refills, even though it wasn't busy in the slightest. However, she was  very sweet.

Round two I had the #13, the Ethiopian something (see attached photo). It had eggs, and beef, and spinach and red sauce all on a spongy bread. It covered the entire plate and the leftovers will feed me for another two days.

As people mentioned before the place was kind of dirty and there were lots of loud cab drivers, but neither one of those things seemed to particularly bother me.
If it weren't for the tea this place would probaby have gotten 2 stars.  Kinda dirty, just ok food...  Although maybe something not as safe as the chicken and my experience may have been totally different.  We will probably never know though.
When we pulled into the parking lot, I got really excited.  The menu got me even more excited.  Eating here took me back to my time in Kenya and Tanzania, goat meat, ugali, chipatis, heavenly!  The food was really good, although be ready to share, the portions are huge.  We had the hummus platter, goat meat, Ugali, Samosas and other items that I'm forgetting at the moment.  The service was great, people were friendly and we had a great time.  Looking forward to going back.
I was looking for Tariq's and found Juba's (with recommendation of Somali taxi driver in parking lot).  I did not find it to be dirty, but it was a bit basic in decor.  However, the food is that north African stuff that I love, and the people were very friendly.  And yes, for dinner, they were out of goat meat.  I'll go back for lunch, and get it next time.
It's a strip mall hole in the wall and the place was pretty run down, but the food was tasty.  Haven't had too much African food (just Ethiopian) before, so this was a fun new experience. Had the lamb shank with chipati flat bread. Very tender. There's this spicy sauce they keep on the tables in yellow mustard squirt bottles. Don't know what was in it, but it was really good on my lamb. Also, had samosas and tried my boyfriend's chicken dish mixed with flat bread strips. Forgot the name. Those were both really good. The samosas weren't like Indian samosas. Reminded me of Filipino beef empanadas with a flakier crust. The ice tea was really good. It was like a mix of chai and hibiscus tea. Maybe a bit to sweet, but I wish I took it to go because it was almost addicting. Yum.
Juba is a great restaurant! This is the kind of place where if the food is good (which it is) you look past the decor and the dirt - I've eaten here at least 5 times and never gotten sick. There are other restaurants likes this - Da Vang, other ethnic places. Just don't use the bathroom.

We (husband & I) first went here on a restaurant.com coupon. We ordered a few different things and tried to get up to the coupon price, but couldn't because they are so cheap. Their iced tea is amazing - anise stars in the iced tea - I never would have thought that would be good. We loved the Sukhaar - the taste being kind of southwestern (to give you an idea). We ordered chapati with the meal instead of rice (love chapati!) and they took $2 off the bill for each order! On another visit, we had the rice and it was really good. When we go now, one orders chapati and the other rice, and we share - or we get an extra order of chapati, because we love it! 

The staff is friendly, helpful when you ask questions. Being open minded helps.  Paying at the counter will save you lots of time.
Strip mall, taxi cab armada parked out front, not knowing exactly what your getting into. That is fine dining hole in the wall style. 

Basically that sums up of the reviews of Juba on Yelp. But I wanted to throw in my two cents because I now have a new favorite place to eat near my new apartment. While I never tried to ice tea, I was glad that I read up on this place on Yelp before going just so that I dont come off as a Sudanese restaurant noob. Since I knew not to ask for lamb at dinner (since they run out around 3) and that they will be out of your first pick so have a second one lined up when your order. All of which happened when I went to Juba. 

I went with the exotic sounding "Number 10" which turned out to look like Sudanese hamburger helper but tasted nothing like that crap in the box with the talking oven mitt. Huge portion of "rice pasta" (still not sure if misprint or what) covered in a delicious red sauce with chicken and vegetables. Oh and it was served in a Texas sized portion so I had plenty for leftovers. My dad had the lamb shank. Which was tasty but a little too fatty for this fat kid. But the rice and the bread were amazing and the owner who was hilarious. When asked if he took credit cards he said (and I quote) "Of course I do, this is America!!!" (image a small Sudanese man channeling his inner Broadway diva with a smile to boot). And it was cheap like wicked cheap. Plus when we went there was a soccer game (I mean, football match). And the place was filled with Newcastle fans from Sudan. Which was just great hearing trash talk in a language you don't hear often. I am guessing they were Newcastle fans since that is the only word I understood. Though since I don't know Arabic, Newcastle could mean something incredibly dirty that one should not say to a loved one. So take your pick. 

Anyway, go to Juba. Try the food and enjoy because not many places in America have a local "Sudanese place". So you better feel lucky that you do, Phoenix.
I  worked with Africans in KC and ate a lot of their great food.  This is the best.  I LOVED it.  Tastey and worth the trip from Ahwatukee.  Seriously, if you want great taste go for it.  It doesn't get any better from Africa.
There are some restaurants that are almost a substitute for traveling to another country, and Juba is definitely one of those.  It's located in a rather shady looking strip mall (it's next door to Friction Massage, for example) in what is apparently the Somali neighborhood of Phoenix. We spent a bit over an hour eating lunch and we were the only people eating in the restaurant who weren't cab drivers (at least 10 ate while we were there).  Also, as my wife pointed out, she was the only women we saw in the area not wearing a burka or headscarf. 

There's no atmosphere to speak of, and a TV played Somali news the whole time (the cab drivers were all glued to it).  Service was good and our waitress was friendly and helpful, even bringing us a sample of one of the dishes when we asked her what it was. 

The menu is a mix of Somali, Ethiopian, and typical Mediterranean food.  We got both Somali and Mediterranean dishes and everything tasted good. I got the goat in the spirit of experimentation.  It's definitely not my favorite but that's saying more about the nature of goat than it is about the food here. The sample our waitress brought was of some sort of polenta-like dish that was really tasty and interesting.  I honestly can't remember what our other dishes were called but everything was solid. 

One stand out was the spiced iced tea, which everyone should get. It's one of the most unusually, intensely flavored and delicious drinks I've ever tried. 

Overall, I would say 3-4 stars for the food (5 for the tea), 2 for atmosphere, 5 for service, and 5 for the cultural experience.
Gotta try the goat!! This place is as authentic as it gets! If you like Legit cultural foods this place is for you!! I literally felt like I was in a different country inside...I would recommend take out seeing as it's not nicely decorated or anything but the goat is amazing!!! And I love places where they tell you "what they have available today" super cool and a great overall experience!!
It wasn't for me. I generally like middle eastern food.  I got the sampler to go ; babaganesh, falafel, taheni, humus with pita. Everything was very bland. The pita and falafel were chewy. I ended up throwing most of it out.
This is a dive located in a strip mall. 

There were two of us, so we decided to split the "Healthy Eater" (two chicken dishes with two vegetable dishes). It came with injera. We ordered cabbage and mushrooms as our veggie dishes. 

Injera was good, nothing special. The chicken was very dry. The waiter said they were out of three popular items (lamb shank, a chicken dish and a beef dish). 

We received the cabbage, but our mushrooms did not arrive. Instead, we were given a different veggie dish which was so-so. I asked if he could bring us the mushrooms. Instead, he brought the check which was discounted. I think there was a language miscommunication. Oh well. Food was ok. I probably won't eat here again, unfortunately.
How this place gets any more than one star is beyond me. 

The first concern is the appetizers (falafel, hummus, baba ghanousj) are the furthest thing from Ethiopian.  If I wanted Middle Eastern food I would go to Pita Jungle. 

The main courses are like "pseudo-Ethiopian".  The meal descriptions are like written in a way you'd trick a child into eating something a little weird.  And no "doro wat" on the menu !  That's like a Thai restaurant not having "Pad Thai". The main dish Americans eat. 

The food. Bland and boring. 

Don't bother going.
Dont let the location fool you about the food, located in a small shopping area. The customer service was great, the guy who took my order was patient with me since I had questions about the different food. He gave me some some small samples without me asking for some. The best part was I got a banana with my meal. I wanted goat meat but since they were out I had lamb, rice, salad, samosa, and a banana. I gave it 4 stars because of the location.
Awesome food.  The building is dated and so is much of the atmospher, but it is all made up with great service and incredible food.
Sababa is a kosher mediterranean restaurant; appropriately, it offers minimal flavor and maximal hand washing facilities.
I liked that as soon as we walk in there, we hear all the employees yelling at each other in their native tongue (Israeli?). 

The falafel was good. But I don't get how people say its supposed to be healthy. Yeah, its just a wad of veggies, but its deep fried, man. Anyways, it was tasty. I got a falafel salad plate. The salad was like typical mediterranean salad (cucumbers, tomato, whatever), but the iceberg lettuce was kinda wilted in the middle of the day. The dressing was good, though. 

Even though people were yelling at each other, I'm sure it was with the lovingest of words. The joint seemed to be run by a family. And I like that.
Coming from NY, I was skeptical to find someplace, anyplace, that had at least half as decent ethnic food as back in NYC.  Someone told me about this place, and I decided to go check it out. 
 
It is a Kosher Mediterrannean restaurant.  They are observant, hence the seperate sinks for washing your hands before you eat.  It is not required, but one should be courteous.  Nuff said.

The food.  I was impressed.  The falafel was pretty good.  (Nothing will top Mamouns in NYC in my opinion, but this ran a very close second).  The schwarma was deleicious.  Warm, juicy, and fresh.  Just go ahead and get it with all the toppings.  You won't regret it.

Bourekas were ok, again, not the greatest, but I think that was because I was set on having the mushroom ones and all they had left was sesame (it was about 8:30 on a saturday, I believe they close at 9).  

All and all, it was good.  I would definitely go back.  I'm glad to see food like this showing up in the Valley.  Definitely makes me a little less homesick, for sure.
Excellent falafel. 
Very good shwarma.
Decent hummus.
Pita is so-so.
They have an awesome hotsauce.

The best thing on the menu in my opinion is the steak kabab though it's also the most expensive.

Observes sabbath and Jewish holidays.
Really terrific falafel, hummus, shawarma and kabobs!  If you like spicy, definitely try the hot sauce.  It's homemade and has a great flavor.

The owner is really friendly and accomodating.  All of the people who work there are great.

I have never seen anyone use the sink in the dining room.  I thought it was decorative!  Oh well, we usually get our food to go anyway.

I have to keep reminding myself that this place closes early on Friday (3pm, I think) and is not open on Saturdays.
Hands down the best falafel I've had in Vegas!!  That's not saying much cuz the 6 other places I've tried it were all below par.  Then again, I too have been spoiled by Mamoun's in NYC for so long.  

AND they have shawarma on a spit!!  Not some chopped up lamb they put in a pan and call shawarma.  Its the real deal, baby!!  The pita tasted like it was freshly baked. Not 100% sure on that though.

My only gripe are the prices.  $11 for a falafel and hommus plate seems a bit much but when they're the best one around my area I guess I'll suck it up every once in a while.  I plan on getting the shawarma salad the next time I go.
Note: This review is based on a visit that happened some time ago, before I was active on Yelp.  So although this is not based on a recent experience, it was still an experience that made me not want to give this place a second chance.

A friend and I visited this place in hopes of trying some good food we've never had before.  We're open to try just about anything.  Unfortunately during our visit, we were never really given the chance to try their food.  Upon entering we see a menu with lots of food items that we had never been introduced to at that time.  We let people go ahead of us in line to give ourselves a chance to scan the menu for things we wanted to try.  After a making our decisions we stepped forward and placed our orders.  

At least, we think we did.  We looked at one of the workers in the eyes and told him what we wanted, and he acknowledged us; maybe not the food we ordered, but he acknowledged the fact that we were talking to him.  My friend and I shrug and continue moving forward in the line and get ready to pay.  Now for some reason, we became completely invisible to the employees.  We tried to see how much our meal was, tell them what we ordered, etc.  We were flat out ignored while the people in front of and behind us continued with their business, ordering food and then paying for it.  The two of us stood around confused and tried to get someone's attention to confirm that our order had been placed.  No such luck.  

After getting frustrated with the customer service, a customer comes up to my friend and asks if his drink contains milk (we had stopped by It's A Grind and he had a frozen coffee drink).  We confirmed that milk was an ingredient, and the customer asked us to leave and finish the drink outside due to the restaurant being a kosher establishment.

Having spent the time waiting in line, ordering, waiting to pay, being completely ignored and then being asked to leave by another customer, my friend and I left out of frustration.  This is the only time I've left an establishment frustrated and disappointed without even experiencing the services/food that they offer.
No doubt the BEST falafel in Vegas!

Not sure why some of you out there are haters, but maybe you should try it again.  Everyone I have even taken there has been really satisfied with their meal.

This place has phenomenal falafel, truly the BEST I have ever had (by the way, I am not from Vegas but moved here for a short 1 year stint from LA... so I have had plenty of falafel in my time)...

Its Kosher, so no milk products of any kind, but some cool Israeli soda drinks available and the made-to-order falafel is awesome, hummus heavenly and pita is really, really light and delish!!  The hotsauce is some heavely spicy green thing that is on fire, the extras on the sandwich are great!  Shawarma - YUMMY.  Hummus - mmmm, mmmm good!

OK - I am not Kosher (with a name like Kristin, hard to believe, I know) but I think this place is awesome.  Almost makes me want to be Kosher, so I could justify eating here daily...  

Super fresh food, clean, quick.  The guys behind the counter a friendly.  Big ups for this place.

Only draw back, closed Saturdays (which is when I tend to have my falafel cravings) and all Jewish holidays...
I had a pretty strange experience at Sababa.  A friend and I arrived around 2pm, so it was after the lunch crowd was gone.  There was one woman eating on a table and there was just one guy running the place (at least that was visible) and he was in front of the counter.

He was a nice guy and gave us each a sample falafel to try.  It was good and we ordered our food.  The food was mediocre and I was really surprised to see that my part of the bill was $17!

I found the place to be overpriced and a little on the bland side.  It made me a little nervous that there was only one guy there and he was taking orders, preparing the food AND handling cash.  I just got a weird vibe from the place in general.
I wanted to try something new, something I've never tried so I decided on Israeli food so I stopped at Sababas. I can not say that this is the best falafel in town since it's the only one I've tried. but I can say that it's really good and I will stop for more!. Staff is very friendly and helpful since I was not familiar with the menu. The place was very small so it looked kind of busy. I had my food to go but next time I'm planing to eat there.
Interested in trying an awesome Kosher place? Or some good vegetarian food?

Well, hey, hey! I absolutely dig on Sababa! Although the only thing I have ever had is the falafel sandwich. It is a pita with hummus, falafel, hot sauce and veggies (choice of lettuce, tomato, cucumber, pickles.)
They also offer Shawarma, hot dogs, cold cut sandwiches, and baklava. The baklava I tried was really good too! I believe I tried three different pieces. Yumm.
I've tried hummus and falafel at just about every place i can find that has it and Sababa's is EASILY the best.  Well, the falafel has a competitor in a place in CA i had once, but the hummus is seriously the best of the best of the best.

Other than those, I think the only other thing I have tried is the beef kabobs... Pretty expensive, but also one of the best ever and well worth it.  

My only complaint with the place is the ordering/eating/paying system  - especially when it's busy.  That's the order - order first  at the counter (which can be a little chaotic), then go sit and eat at a table, then pay at the register.  

So the flow is a little awkward, but not enough to give it less than 5 stars for the best hummus, falafel, and kabobs, i've ever had on a consistent basis for the 4+ years we've been going there.
Delicious food! It is a bit on the expensive side, but worth every penny! Their falafel is out of this world, as is their hummus, pita and kabobs! The owner is super friendly and always checks on us to make sure we are enjoying our meal.  Try it, you won't be disappointed!
Did they change their falafel recipe here?  I think they did.  I just had lunch here and it was really "meh".  $16 for a shawarma (which after cutting the off the spit still needed to be grilled for an additional 5 minutes) and falafel platter.  Pita was really tough too.  Forget it.  I'm done.  Guess its time to check out Mad Pita!
This is the best falafel in Las Vegas, and I spent the summer in the Middle East so I totally feel qualified to tell you this. The owner is an intimidating macho Israeli Sabra type, though, the other reviewers do not lie.

It is, however, miles better than the other kosher falafel place.
Ate last night and was greeted by an abrupt and annoying middle eastern man that seemed to mean well, but wouldn't leave me alone as a studied the vast selection of dishes.  If I had to guess, he's probably Israeli, and these people have an abrupt way about them -fine, no prob.
I eventually just told them what I was looking for, and they suggested some sort of chicken plate.  I also had a snapple, and given this is basically a falafel stand, I was pretty surprised to be charged $22 for what I had ordered.   Given the food was mediocre AT BEST, and given it was served in a foam container in a fast food enviroment, I was dissapointed on the value front.  I've had WAY better middle eastern food at a fraction of the cost whether it be Lebanese, Persion or Afgan..
Anyway, the part that really ruined the meal for me what fact that the other very kind (non-middle eastern) gentlemen who served me actually handled my pita with his bare hands, and he had two old, worn dirty band-aids on each of his thumbs which certainly came in contact wtih my food.  Absolutely disgusting, and totally lacking in any sort of basic food-service hygene.  
The original guy was so annoying I didn't even bother bringing up the issue, I just tossed the pita bread in the trash when I got home and wondered how much food this guy touches with his dirty band-aid hands.
All in all, $22 for a crap experience.
We loved eating here.  The staff was super helpful assisting us with our order.  I'm a vegetarian and my boyfriend eats only meat so we are totally challenged in where we are going to dine.  This place was perfect.  Awesome falafel!!!  The staff even gave my boyfriend a falafel sample to draw him since he is frightened of healthy food.  And guess what? He found out it was awesome.  Thanks Sababa's!
One word. SALTY! They seriously  need to watch the amount of salt they put in their food.

I ordered the shawarma in pita and I've never had such a salty meal before. I've lived in the middle-east (Bahrain) my entire life and shawarma's don't taste this salty or are so over priced in that part of the world.

If you're looking for authentic its definitely not here.
I got pretty much exactly what I expected when I hit up Sababa for the first time with my Groupon.  They were overstaffed and I felt like I was at a used car dealership and not a restaurant.  Without really having a chance to review the menu, they were telling me what I should get.  Who am I to argue, though, so I got their mixed platter.  Pretty much everything they make is on the platter, and it was all really good.  But the entire meal, I kind of felt like I was being watched by the staff.  In their defense, they just wanted me to like it.  But instead, it made me think, hmm, not sure I'll be back here before they do a Groupon deal again...
Decent Israeli restaurant here in Vegas.  Falafel were ok, a little salty for my tastes but the shawarma more than made up for it, it was delicious.  And the pita were excellent, still soft and warm.  The houmos was good to, it didn't overpower the shawarma.  To preface this, I just moved back to the states from a period of living and working in Israel, so I was kinda of disappointed that they didn't have Laffa.  Overall, a quite decent Israeli restaurant that I will come back to when the craving hits and I'm on that side of town.
For the past several times that I've been coming to Vegas and to the Vons Shopping Center (not certain of the name) I've noticed Sababa. Actually, I never knew it was called Sababa since what really jumped out at me was the Falafel + Pita + Soda deal for $6.95. I've always had a penchant for Middle Eastern food and kept hoping we'd stop by one day since we always go to Easy Life, which is located in the same plaza.

So during this past trip, I really had a hankering for something Middle Eastern and kept hounding my sister about it. We were supposed to go to Zaytoon, a Persian eatery/market but the name and location eluded me at the moment so we came here instead. I had entered the restaurant with the aforementioned deal on my mind but once I was inside and glanced upwards at the menu I had no idea what I wanted. The owner who is Israeli and definitely loud and proud about his restaurant immediately asked if we've been here before and we told him "no". He then gave my sister and me a falafel ball topped with a dollop of houmos to try out exclaiming that it was the best in the world. I've never particularly liked falafel since it's a vegetarian item and I need my meat but I'll admit it helped whet my appetite! 

We ended up ordering the Sababa Special, which the establishment touts as the "Ultimate Pu Pu Platter." For $17.95, it came with falafel, houmos, kababs, pita bread, shawarma, and salad. It was alright and the portion seemed small at first, but I got full off it even though I had to share with my sister. We also ordered a four piece appetizer thing that came with some bourekas and other stuff. I would have liked the houmos to have been less salty and the shawarma to have been beef (they don't have lamb here) rather than chicken. 

The service was also pretty good since the workers were pretty attentive. This place is like a hybrid of sorts since it's not entirely fast food but it's also not exactly a sit-down establishment either. You need to order at the counter but you have the option of paying upfront or after you finish eating and must pay at the counter regardless. They bring the food to you and they come to you to ask if you need drink refills but there are no designated servers.
awesome falafel!
This is my go-to place for kabobs and falafel.  Also their pita is hands down one of the best I've had.  It's fresh, warm, and chewy.  When I moved to Vegas, I was worried that I would not be able to find a good kabob place, but then my friend told me that owner of the place we frequented in Boston (Rami's) opened a place in Vegas. I was so excited, and thought it had to be fate.  It just doesn't get much better than this!  I know several people commented on the price, but I don't mind paying more for quality food.

I would say that the Sababa special is enough to feed two people.  It's a great sampler if you don't know what you want.
Lately I've been eating here about once a week, so not sure why I have yet to review this place. I have a bestie that is a vegetarian. She convinced me to try falafel for the first time and I love it here! It's always fresh because you can watch them cook it after you order. The hot sauce on the falafel pita is amazing! It's quite hot so be careful. The crunchy pickles and veggies also add the perfect punch to the savory pita. The $6.95 falafel pita +soda is such a deal for lunch.
The hubby and I shared the Sababa combo platter (~$18). It has 2 pita breads, hummus, falafal, turkey shawerma (yeah I know unusual, right?), and beef kabobs all preceded by a medium-largish size salad.  We also ordered fries.  The salad was good, they make it to order with the ingredients on the cold bar and with tahini dressing, yum!  turkey shawerma--interesting; It wasn't dry but I guess I prefer the beef/lamb type.  hummus--tasty; nothing out of the ordinary. pita bread--not the greatest; I don't think they make it there, it wasn't warm. falafal--really good (def. order these) crunchy on the outside soft and flavorful in the inside. beef kabobs--these were the best item on the combo; juicy, flavorful, but too small.  I wanted more! Fries--standard; came frozen from a bag.  The thing that irked us was their hours.  They are really inconvenient.  I understand that the owner must be a devout Jew to close at 3pm on Fridays and all day Saturdays.
This place has the best pita sandwhiches i have ever had.  Their pickles and hot sauce are my favorite ingredients.  The only thing that sucks is I typically want to go on Saturday and they are not open.
I have to give this a low rating, The owner Has another Restaurant in Mass. and is doing alright, Partly because he has the quick to the Strip locations, and yes Religios Jews DO come to Conventions....but, The Shwarma is put on his Greasy Black Griill, and he is almost as goos as Copperfield with his Magic, we had a party of 6 with 2 kid's, he will tell you he gonna make you a little this a little that and some Pita and Salad, with canned soda we were presented with a 180.00$ check!!, all but the couple that knew him from Boston got HOT, we actually got him down to 140.00 bucks, but c'mon...God is watching ALL of us Romy!!
Their beef shish kabob is by far the best kosher beef shish kabob in the US. It's delicious.
Their falafel and shwarma are ok.
Had the chicken shawarma with hummous, falafel and salad - everything was excellent.

Came with a big, soft piece of pita bread which was also amazing - most pita you get tends to be hard and thin, but this was soft and fluffy and great.
Came here at lunchtime...but since I hadn't rolled my dissolute ass out of bed more than two hours prior, it was really breakfast. What do you order at a Middle Eastern joint for breakfast? I had the falafel pita and a cup of black tar sludge, aka Turkish coffee. It was GREAT! 
The falafel pita was jam-PACKED with all kinds of chopped up veggie stuff and was truly delish. The sludge was thick and tarry, just the way I like it.
The staff was friendly and downright jovial, and the facilities were clean and pleasant. The atmo was somewhere between the typical suburban Vegas strip mall aesthetic and a Tel Aviv Starbucks: bleached blonde JAP on her BlackBerry in the front, Hasid on his MacBook Pro at the table in the back, Israeli snacks and Mentos for sale on the counter, good times all around.
I will DEFINITELY return to this place for lunch/breakfast/whatever...dinner maybe not so much, since the menu WAS kinda pricey.
I like this restaurant because it is a good place for mixed groups of vegetarians and meat-eaters.  I had a mushroom boureka, and it was an amazing little pastry of buttery, flaky, savory goodness. The spinach boureka was also good, but I could have had about 5 of the mushroom. My husband had chicken shawarma, which he said was very tasty. The man behind the counter also gave us samples of the falafel, which I found to be flavorful without being dry in that oh-my-god-this-falafel-is-going-to-choke-me way. 

Yes, it's a bit expensive, but many of their food items take longer than the average hamburger to prepare, and I'm ok with that. Plus things like Phyllo dough aren't exactly cheap. Since I'm not going to take hours to put together something so yummy at home, I don't mind paying a bit extra when I feel like a special yet casual lunch.
The food is alright, but a little pricey, and it wasn't as inviting as I'd like. Let's put it this way...I haven't gone back since, but think it's a fine place...
Their food is fine. Their prices are too high for what you get. I won't go out of my way to eat there but if I'll be in the neighborhood and  have the craving for this kind of food, I'll eat there again.
Simply great food, that is tasty, healthy and inexpensive. Vegas doesn't have many places like this. You should go.
As a long time resident of Boston/Brookline and Rami's fab middle eastern food on Harvard St. in Coolidge Corner, I was so happy to find Rami in Las Vegas!  Now that I'm living in Los Angeles, I ALWAYS make it a point to visit Rami's Sababa restaurant here. The kababs and the Rami's Special plate is not to be missed... it has a little bit of everything and the perfect meal. The toughest ting I have to do is figure out what I want to eat when I am there.  And oh, the place is always SPOTLESS. Go there!  You'll be glad you did!
I can say they have the best falafel in town and they are very clean..
Had lunch and dinner here over a couple of days. 

The food is typical middle eastern. I was shocked to taste mint in the schug, but it was a refreshing change for the dishes. 

I'd ore any of the kebabs or skewers but would stay away from the soups and Schwarzwald. 

This was w best place I dine at in Vegas so I'll definitely be coming back. 

There is ample parking but the location is a little hard to find as its in the corner of a power mall with the Vons.
Mmmm! Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!! Great food, and even better staff!!!! You guys are the BEST!!!!
One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.  The staff is great and they remember you every time.  The falafel and shawarma are the best in Las Vegas!!
Hands down the best pita I have had.  I will be dreaming about this pita and planning when I can make it back for more.
My friend and I shared the Sababa Special Platter, which was a great way to sample so many items at once.  The falafel was quite good, but my favorite was putting a mixture of the spiced beef kabob with the hummus, "hot sauce" and salad in the pita.
Service was friendly and we were greeted with a free sample of the falafel dipped in hummus.  Our platter was plenty of food for 2 people for $17.95, which I thought was a fair price.
The food is absolutely amazing. Being originally from Israel and living in NYC for 22yrs we've had quite a few different shawarma and other israeli food. The flavoring and service at Sababa was full of love and just delicious. The best we've had ever.
Hand down Best Falafels!!!
This place has the best falafel sandwich in America.  The pita bread is great. The hot sauce is spicy and flavorful.  The veggies are crisp and fresh. The hummas is creamy and flavorful.  And finally, the pickles are amazing.
This place is expensive. So expensive that I just don't go anymore. However, the food is noteworthy.

The advertised falafel sandwich is the only thing I'll get, when I feel like I have some cash burning a hole in my pocket for one of the cheapest foods to make ever. It is plainly delicious. The pita, right off the bat, is spectacular. Thick on one side, thin on the other, and it just soaks up the tahini sauce poured all over the interior perfectly. The salad tossed over the falafel and stuffed inside is also delicious. Everything is just right. It's honestly the only item worth it on the entire menu for the price... sort of.

Everything else isn't bad. Their grilled meats are tasty, but expensive. The chicken shawarma is dried out and tired, and expensive. The service is acceptable, if you can call it service. Location is convenient if you're in that part of town. I mean, really, why else would you be there?

Did I mention it's expensive?
BEST Falafel in Vegas!! 

Every falafel I try I compare them to "The Falafel Drive-in" in San Jose Ca. I grew up in San Jose and always compared Falafel's to the Drive-in and when I moved to Vegas I thought I would never eat Falafels again until I found Sababa's

I still love San Jose but Sabas does things that FDI doesn't and vis versa so I can't chose a winner but  Sababa's makes me feel like Im home!
Good food.
A little expensive.
They do a very good job overall on food and service.
They do delivery to hotels as well.
You could eat all your meals here if you are in town for a few days.
Only negative is that it is a drive from the main strip.
But if you are staying in town and have a rental- take a drive out.
As a traveler who has had the pleasure of eating good food in many cities and countries around the globe I have to say this is one of the best places I have had the pleasure of eating. 

The food is extremely fresh and wonderfully flavorful. Rami is a gracious host and clearly has a passion for his food. I had a family style lunch with 4 people in which Rami brought a salad, falafel, hummus, pita, chicken, steak and 2 sodas. 

Lunch was beyond good...so much so I tried to eat the plate. Now I will say the meal was pricey $23/person but the fact that Sababa is Glatt Kosher (glatt technically means the lungs of the kosher and kosher-slaughtered animal were smooth) which might account for the higher than average cost.

One thing I will say the food is nothing in the range of average it is absolutely divine :) I highly recommend eating here.
While I understand where the negative reviews about pricing are coming from, the food at this place is phenomenal.  I was in Vegas for my fiance's 25th birthday with a couple of her friends, and we stopped at this place on our way back to Phoenix.  They gave us a couple of samples of falafel for free; i usually do not like falafel but these were small and crispy with a tender inside - best falafel i have had in the states.

For entree, I had the Shwarma - salad- hummus plate, which came with a pita ($15).  The portion size was pretty damn big and the price was reasonable considering that its Kosher and a  big portion.  The Schwarma was good, the hummus was great, the salad was nice since I got to choose what ingredients I wanted.  I really enjoyed my meal.

However, what my fiance ordered is really what makes this spot 5*.  She got the beef "kabob" with fries and salad ($22).  While it sounds expensive, this "kabob" was kosher rib eye steak (the best kosher steak, period) marinated and grilled to perfection.  The owner asked me how the steak was and when I said it was great, he noted that "those kabobs are how I made my business."  I see why.   My grandpa is a kosher butcher in Detroit and I have had many many kosher steaks in my life, but this one had the best flavor of all.  Again, a large portion - if I had to guess, id say it was around 12-14 oz of meat.  The fries were also delicious.    I strongly suggest that you order this if you come to this place.  While 22$ seems like a lot, remember that kosher rib eye sells for about 18$/pound at a supermarket.

For dessert, they brought my fiance a piece of baklava with a candle in it for free (i told them when i ordered that it was her bday), which was a nice surprise.
Very good. That's all I can say. My favorite is the falafel homous pita. Everything is fresh, and delicious.  A little pricey $6.99 for falafel homous pita with drink, but very filling and well worth it.
Awesome. Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made. Get the Sababa Special and share it with a friend, it's big enough to split!
Over priced and no flavor in anything that I ordered. Once you step in the door they swarm you and pressure you to order. I spent 50$ for lunch! 2 chicken plates and side of hummus! One of the worst places in Vegas! By far...
I love this place, I loooove Israeli food but sometimes the meat is dry. Best falafel in town makes up for it. A bit pricey but the portions are great. 

I always forget that they close early on Friday's for Shabbat and I find myself sometimes jonesing for a good hangover meal on Friday or Saturday :\
First time trying Isreali did and was not disappointed.  The Shawarma was amazing.  I ordered the combination salad plate,  with the falafel and houmos. Excellent choice.  Food had great flavor. Will be back for more.
I'm a sucker for shawarma and you really have to be one to enjoy this place. I get that the owner is in a location and makes a product where he CAN charge that much, but that doesn't mean you have to. The good thing is that you pay after you eat, so you get to have a date with some shawarma before you get _____ in the _____.   

Seriously though, the food was delicious. I rocked the shawarma houmos salad plate, which is pretty self-explanatory. The shawarma was spiced, moist and had that crust that I love. Note: it's turkey meat. The houmos was also excellent. The kind of 'mos that you end up dipping everything in. 

The place itself has about a dozen tables and looks like every other take out joint in town. There's a TV on the wall if you are rolling solo. 

Again, the -1 star here is for price and because it says 'healthy falafels' on the wall, which is a pet peeve of mine (deep fried = not healthy). I'll be back, regrettably, bc sometimes it's OK to get your ______  ____ed for some decent shawarma.
They charge $20 for delivery on top of whatever your food cost. I live 3 miles away. ripoff
This place has the best falafel found in Vegas ! Great service, and they even let you sample a falafel. Decent prices and their hummus is definitely up there!
Best falafel and shawarma in Vegas. I crave Sababa regularly, especially their hot sauce. Everything is fresh and delicious.
Sababa is a great Israeli restaurant. the shawarma is great and their falafel is best in town. the place is super clean and food is super fresh.
The only reason I gave it 3 stars and not 5 is because they are ridiculously expensive!
The small but most annoying thing about Sababa is their take out soda cups are so small ($3) with no option for a large drink. I always have to either buy two sodas or get my soda somewhere else. sounds stupid, I know, but it is a deal breaker for me when I want to get food to-go. they have free refills so when I have time to eat there its not an issue. but be prepared to spend about $20 per person for a shawarma plate and soda. 
Other than the high prices and shot size soda cups the food and service is great.
I go there once in a while. when I can afford $20 on a fast lunch.
I was impressed with the food. It was great quality. I was not impressed with being charged more than told when ordering. They tell you to sit down, and then they bill you later after you have eaten. The crystal geyser water for 11 cents at Costco is $1.95 a bottle. Pretty crazy. The highlight of this visit was the friendly service. Prepare to be over-charged
Sababa has pretty much beaten out all the other Kosher eateries out there in Vegas. And theres's a reason why...the food is fresh and delicious! It is a clean eatery, with the salad bar protected by a panel of glass and the schwarma grill on display so you know exactly what your food will look like and how it's handled. 

The portions are good for the price you pay and the service is accommodating. It is worth the 20 mile drive my husband and I make out once in a while when we know we want a good Israeli dish. My personal favorite: Beef steak plate  ($22)....very juicy and well marinated in my opinion!! 

The reason I give it 4 stars is because the food and beverages are very pricey.
If you want a great falafel pita sandwich I recommend this place! The hummus and shawarma are great too.
Food good, but jerusalem grill better and closer to strip, but sababa was half the price and great salad.
Very nice place!
Clean up and the best service in Vegas 
Little bit expensive but worth every cent
nice staff. very casual. baby chicken was great. burger was excellently made. very fast food-ish
Fantastic middle eastern food, excellent for lunch or dinner.

I have only one critique, but it is a notable one.

When you come into the restaurant, unless money is no object, order directly from the menu.

If you come in with 4 or more people, a lot of times the (very nice) staff will offer to just make you a dinner for 4 with a little of everything. They are so nice, and it sounds like a good way to decide what to eat.

The problem is two-fold. One, you many times are still a little hungry and there isn't much to take home. And two, when they give you the bill for your little "dinner for 4" you will pass out from the price.

Unfortunately we had this happen 3 times with parties of 4 to 9 people before we learned our lesson. And they tend to get a little hostile when you object.

So just remember, order directly from the menu and you'll enjoy a delicious meal without any sticker shock.
Had the falafel, it was probably one of the best one I've had. All fresh ingredients, they build it right in front of you and the spicy sauce they add to it is awesome!!! Sorry no picture this time it was sooo good that it didn't have a chance to get a picture taken.
Very clean place!!!! Friendly staff! Food is amazing here! The falafel is the best I've ever had! Def worth the drive and u will leave here feeling happy and refreshed from eating such great food:) 5 stars all the way!!!!!! Kosher is the way!
When my girlfriend and I first walked in, there was nobody behind the counter, but three people were sitting at tables. One was (I assume) a customer, though he had no food. The other two people were employees. After about 20 seconds of wondering what to do and a few weird looks from them, one of them stood up and went behind the counter to help us.

As we decided on our selections, the guy behind the counter gave us two pieces of falafel to try with the hummus. It was delicious! It was also the only positive thing about this experience.

We decided to try the falafel sandwich meal that is advertised on the outside of the building. The man behind the counter grabs two pitas and slices them with a blade. He then tucks it in nicely to make a pocket for the ingredients, all of this with his BARE HANDS. My girlfriend and I looked at each other with the same realization: he never washed them from sitting at the table in the lobby on his cell phone. When I asked for hummus in my sandwich, he rudely stated that it came with it. Okay, not a great first impression. But maybe he was having a bad day, I thought. He proceeded to add ingredients to my sandwich that I did not want, and he did not ask me, though he did ask my girlfriend. Weird. He then literally threw our sandwiches in a bag, slammed the bag on the counter in front of us, gave us two drinks, and gave me the total. About $17. 

While hesitant at the thought of his unwashed hands making our sandwiches, I asked if he took American Express because it wasn't on the list of accepted cards near the register. He gave me a loud, rude "yes" right in my face that actually took me aback. He then flicked my card on the counter and threw the pen for me to sign. I don't know what was going on, but it was very weird, angry, unwelcoming vibes coming from that place. Never again.
I came here years ago on a whim driving by and was kinda excited to find this place again after moving to this side of town.

It is a Kosher restaurant so the hours are not what we are used to in our normal daily Vegas, however the food is worth the wait and the drive.  Kosher is a BIG meaning and covers a lot of knowledge. I will not begin to explain but a bit of reading on the subject wouldn't hurt.

The food here is amazing, I remember asking my Man if we could drive the 30 minutes to go get the "Shawarma" no go.  So when we moved in this direction and I found it again it has kinda become my cheat day, not that is is bad for you but OH So Good!  I believe the Shawarma combo is the best for me I love the long roasted meat shaved into your sandwich.  I also really love the falafels buy a couple for 50cent a piece with a bit of Tahini, amazing fried goodness!  

The service is not really quick everything takes a bit to cook (because it is Kosher) and the prices are bit high, but most really great places like this are and there is a reason.  The reasons are prep, time, seasons and accountability.  I feel the safest place to eat in the world is here because they take it so serious.  

So the portions are huge that makes up for the price, the price isn't bad I thought... The meat is moist and delicious and plenty of sauce and veggies to make it all rhyme.  ask for the hot sauce but if you are weary about it ask for it on the side I ask for it lightly and I like heat if that says anything! LOL
This is my favorite Middle Eastern place! I live in LA and always get my chow here when I am in Vegas. The owner used to own Rami's (his name) in Brookline, MA and I missed him when he moved but since I live on the west coast now, I go there all the time. It's consistent and delicious! Go there!
I love everything about this place...The atmosphere is very welcoming. The food was amazing and finally a good place to eat meat ;)
Very good food BUT super expansive for what you get!!!
For what we ordered the price was extremely high and not realistic for this type of food and restaurant.
The beef kebab was really good and the chicken very yummy. 
But again the price is not right ;)
Did a search for Turkish food in yelp and the various places that I ran across did not sound right, this place did. Sadly, it was not turkish food.

There were also no hot servers, matter of fact, there were no women.. all guys... smallish kind of place, clean... felt family run, of your family was all guys. Definite weird kind of "I've got a deal for you" vibe once I walked in.

How is a beef shish kebob platter like $24, but the one size down version is $14? I mean a $10 difference means I better be getting some really hot chick to deliver it to me, or at the very least put something on the plate worth $10 extra dollars.

The food was good, but I think it was more of a kosher food place than a middle eastern place, which I know is difficult to identify, but it was definitely not a place that I would have found myself in unless I was looking for something like that. I was under the impression that it was something else, but I did not come out of the experience scarred or hateful, rather, I am probably not going to go back because of the prices.
The best Mediterranean food I've had I'm Vegas. The falafel is the bees knees; it's so moist. Their hummus is amazing too. I also love the friendly staff.
Another fun day at DMV. So to kill time I went to this place because they're reviews looked good. Not very many glatt kosher places in vegas that actually taste good let alone good Israeli/jewish food. This place was great! Service is great and food is SO fresh. They have a salad bar and nothing looks like it's been sitting forever. I got the shnitzel and a red cabbage and cucumber mix salad. This place is far from where I live but it is def worth the drive.
Typical Israeli restaurant even the owner lol. I am Israeli so you feel like you are back home. The falafel is great and the pita was full. The price was right for the falafel even if you never had it and want to try it for $6.99 with a drink. They even have a machine that spits the falafel into the fryer......I wish I had that at home. The owner was cool and funny. If you aren't Israeli you might take that the wrong way. I will for sure come back.
Awesome falafel pita - even better smothered with my favorite babaganoush. Throw a little hot sauce, I'm a happy girl.
I stumbled on this out of the way place on my way to Red Rock Canyon.  What a delight. Without a doubt the best falafel sandwich I have had in years. And I am a native New Yorker who knows good falafel.  The pita pockets are unique -- spongy, fluffy and light -- and seem to just melt into the sandwich.  The falafel is fresh and just the right consistency -- not too crispy or dry.  And they will stuff the sandwich with your choice of fresh condiments.  All for $6.99, drink included.  Friendly and helpful staff just add to the fine experience. My advice is to make the effort to get to Sababa.  You won't be disappointed.
Yummy food, clean restaurant, nice atmosphere! The beef kabob and falafel are very good. Prices are reasonable.  Recommend coming here for some authentic and delicious Israeli food!
The prices are high for the food they serve here. Clerk was kind of pushy and not that nice
Falafel pita sandwich special, please and thank you. Moist falafel, pita that manages to be both fluffy thick and thin, tasty tahini. This sandwich is so big I have to use a fork.


And don't skip the spicy sauce! Yum!
I have passed this shop many times (right on Durango).  I finally stopped for a Falafel sandwich to go.  It was so moist with a great mix of fresh tomato, cabbage.  Absolutely the best Falafel I have tasted.  YUM!!!
Like most Jewish-owned restaurants, this place is closed on Saturdays, so plan accordingly. I have tried to go here before but the early close time on Fridays (3PM) has foiled a few of my efforts as well. Worth pre-planning to get your shwarma fix.

Ordered takeout, staff was friendly, chatty, and quick.
Shwarma combo plate with salad, hommos, and falafel ($15) was two meals, and priced well when you consider that adding on the falafel is only a dollar more for 5 pieces- a la carte pricing is 2/$1. Falafel plate with hommos and salad ($10) is also an ample portion, and each plate comes with their own fresh, warm pita.

Shwarma is turkey, per the menu notes, but sliced and grilled fresh with good flavor. Falafel is crisp, hommos is creamy and topped with olive oil and parsley, and the salad is legit: fresh lettuce and cabbage, topped with tiny-chopped tomato, onion, and cucumber, and doused with a good amount of tahini dressing.There's no feta, but that probably carries over from the kosher dishes. I added some myself at home for extra oomph!

They also have burekas- small square pastries stuffed with potato, spinach, or mushroom; the latter is my favorite, highly recommend.

Side tangent: Not sure why this place hypes up falafel as healthy. As others have said, although it's vegetarian, it IS fried so calling it healthy is a bit of a stretch.
The falafel here is good.  The guy who served me did not wear gloves to prep my good which grossed me out a bit but the hummus was good and falafel fresh so I got over it.
The food here is okay but the owner/cashier/cook/busser/host is extremely ride and has no idea what service or sanitation is at all! After touching the register he begins to hand toss the salad with his unwashed hands.... Not only over price but not clean either!
I just moved here from israel and was missing some shawarma. let me tell you how disappointed I turned out being. I really feel like this place should get an F for being so dirty. the same guy that just cleaned the table went to go make me salad without washing his hands or wearing gloves! Yuccccck! Plus the menu prices and the price he charged me were totally off! Shame to call this kosher and Israeli food
Was desperate to find a good Middle Eastern / Lebanese place in Vegas and one day we stumbled upon Ali Baba after trying a few others. Nice place - some authentic dishes that are worth the trip, and an authentic and non-Vegas seeming interior. Cool place.
I really love the food in this place. The mezze combination is enough to feed 4 people easily, and it's delicious. They have the standard stuff like hummous, babaganoush, and lebni, but there are most interesting treats, like kibbe, and a mindblowing bean concoction which is intensely garlicky and the beans are so buttery they melt in your mouth, they also serve up some pastries similar to mini spanakopitas as well as chunks of feta, olives and some fresh jalapeos, I could go on, there are thing's I've forgotten to mention, I'm sure. We've also had some of their entrees and sandwiches, all of them were excellent. Definitely seek this place out. 

One word of warning, they have live music on Saturday's and Fridays and it's wacky Mediterranean music with a belly dancer that walks around all the tables, nothing wrong with that, except it's a bit too loud and I like to be able to sustain a conversation over dinner.
Well, it appears that many are trying to get into the business of Middle Eastern food, & I have to say that here it's pretty good.  They focus on Lebanese style foods & offer pretty good wines... not too extensive... but I see it growing.  The hookah is just o.k. & pricey!  The live music / singer & band help to make up for the so-so hookah... ;)  Overall, it's a nice place to go & kick back & get together with friends to enjoy a Red Wine! & of course, listen to some music... By the way, they offer a great Lunch Buffet...
Wonderful food, great service.  I had had a lot hummus before I went to Ali Baba, but I never really understood how wonderful it could be until Ali Baba.  Also, the Belly Dancer is the hotness.  Kinda felt like I got a lap dance from her, which is nice with dinner.
great service and the BEST KEBABS I've ever had! especially the lamb and steak kebab, I don't know how they do it, but it's so tender it almost melts in your mouth. They have a live band bellydancing on the weekends but I've never gone on a weekend, so I can't rate the quality of entertainment.
let me fill everyone in on a little known fact about this place. I am middle eastern so I think i know a little more and my review will probably be helpful. When going to Ali Baba you HAVE to go for the buffet only, it is $20 its good food although its a little pricey for a brunch buffet. When eating dinner here its hit or miss. Ive never had a bad experience with the buffet, its good food even though there isn't much variety, but of all the middle eastern places in Vegas this is the best. The dinner on the other hand is not the same. I have had dinner and it was bad. The food is over priced, the hookah is not. Beer and alcohol is also over priced.
We came here really late on a Thursday night and I must admit the food is really good. Great hummus, clean and the customer service is a plus. The manger is really nice he was very helpful.
Delicious food, excellent service, nice atmosphere. And they finally taught me how to mix the middle eastern oregano and dip the pita bread in it. The falafel was excellent! The hummus was very tasty. The baklalva was the best I've had in Vegas yet, better than most places in NYC.We heard there is Belly Dancing on Friday, Saturday night...
Went to Ali Baba last night and that visit will most likely be my last.  The food was great, some of the best I've found in Las Vegas.  The service, on the other hand, was bad enough to offset the good food and make me want to never come back.

When I entered the restaurant I stood at the front for five minutes while the owner/manager did 'other things' and didn't even greet me.  Finally I said "two please" and he very slowly grabbed two menus and found a table for me.  The huge restaurant only had two tables occupied, but it still seemed like the host/manager/owner was having difficulty finding a table for me.  

As far as food, i ordered a tabbouleh salad, kibbeh nayeh, and chicken shawarma dinner.  I have no complaints about the food, it was quite good in fact.

When we finished eating it took one hour from the time we told the waiter we were "all set" to get the check and process our payment.  Other than my table, there was only one other table occupied in the entire restaurant at this time, so its not like they were overwhelmed with business.  Overall very strange service, as neither of the two employees that I saw in the restaurant seemed to enthused to satisfy their customers.

Again...food was good...service was terrible.  I will not be returning to Ali Baba.
Visited this place because of the restuarant.com coupon my brother had. 

I printed one myself not knowing we already had one for our group. Needless to say I still have my coupon. Dont really want to go again even with a 25 dollar gift certificate. 

The food is ok at best, I found stuff half the price and way better in flavor, texture and quality. 

The shwarna didnt tatse like it came from the tradition spit, I could of fried my own beef/lamb at home way better. 

The chicken was moist but bland. 

Damn I miss Zankou chicken..
Pros:
-BEAUTIFUL decor and ambiance
-Free mimosa or champagne with lunch buffet
-Cheap buffet
-Some dishes were good
-This place offers hookah as well

Cons:
-Very awkward service. Possibly because they're not used to having customers for their lunch buffet (this place was empty)
-Most of the dishes I just didn't care for

This place wasn't very special at all. I'm glad I tried the food, but I probably won't come back.
My experience at this restaurant was horrible. The food tasted bad and didn't come as it was listed on the menu. The roasted chicken was supposed to come with potatoes, but didn't. I can't eat gluten and I made sure when ordering that I wasn't ordering any bread or wheat, yet my order still came out in sandwich form (so special diets stay away). The bill was also a surprise as all prices listed in the menu came out double on the bill. When we tried to correct any of these mistakes the waiter and management simply insisted that everything was correct.
Traveling back from Amman and Beirut, I thought I had my fill of Lebanese food, but when I got home, it was calling me.  I went to Ali Baba and with my family and have enjoyed it overall.

Not the same as back in the ME, but the staff are nice, if you go early, you are the only ones and get good service. 

The quail is good, the falafel is good as well. The baba ghanoush is very tasty and the sausages are excellent. Nice place to go with friends and family.
Authentic Lebanese Cuisine. 
I think the interior is pretty nice and the ambiance is great.
They  have ethnic music videos and it is quite entertaining. 

The food was great. 
I don't know of a restaurant like it in Las Vegas, so if you are looking for something different, come here! 

Their fresh vegetable salads are very good and different. The soup is very tasty! I am a huge fan!
It is definitely comfort food and if you are not used to ethic food then it is possible you may not be become super fan, but I would say if you are an adventurist foodie, like I am, you will really enjoy coming here!
My best friend is Middle Eastern and I would always get invited over for dinner compliments of her mother. When they moved away I was on a constant pursuit trying to find authentic (good) Lebanese food in the Las Vegas valley. After years of searching, nothing has come close to Ali Baba's Lebanese cuisine. 

I like to partake in the weekend all-you-can-eat buffet. It's available Saturday and Sunday from 11am-5pm for $15/person. There is an array of appetizers, entrees and desserts you can choose from. Their shawarma is to die for! YUM-O! 

The restaurant is decorated nicely with awesome wall murals, they have a dance floor and a live band/singers Fri-Sun night. They offer hookah, they have belly dancers and much more.

I can't say enough good things about this restaurant. So go eat there today....and then burn off the calories while trying to belly dance to the tunes ;)
So, I used to go pick up hummos and tabbouleh at the Mediterranean grocery that was across the parking lot from Ali Baba.  Stopped by on Monday to find out it was CLOSED!!!  So sad!!

So, in a pinch, I ran over to Ali Baba.  I can't tell you how disappointed I was.  The hummos was thick, gluey and bland and the grape leaves were too vinegary.  Rating is up to two stars only because the tabbouleh was very fresh and pretty good, but, I mean, how do you screw up tabbouleh?
love tha place espcially the dancer they got there and the huka's.....service its great food excellent......thank u $ bringing these tradiccional cuissine 2 this country.....
I kept seeing this place and was very excited to try it. What a MISTAKE. 
We were literally the only table in the place and got awful service. It took half an hour to get our starter salads, then another forty five minutes for the food. The salad was plain and unappealing. Our shwarmas were so bad my sister and I pawned them off on her boyfriend, who didn't care for them, but was hungry. For a ten dollar lunch special, it was just BAD.

After finishing we waited another half an hour for the waiter to reappear with our check. Meanwhile, a man and his son came in and stood up front. After about fifteen minutes, the man finally had to go knock on the kitchen door to get the server back out. I wanted to warn them to run away, but didn't want to be rude, just because I thought it was gross is no reason to chase off their only other table. 

Needless to say, this was a HUGE waste of money.
I am from middle east and I know how the middle eastern food tastes. This restaurant is not as good as the reviews are. Expensive. I went with my wife we had 1 main entree and appetizers with a hookah and paid 100 dollars. Food is below average. Restaurant was empty on a Sunday night. Customer service good. I will not go back to this restaurant since I did not have a good experience.
For those reviewing this restaurant and saying this is like a Lebanese mother cooking for you, I want to extend my deepest apologies for your mother's cooking. ;) But on a more serious note...

The service was some of the worst I have encountered, even if the manager was nice about it (he served us because I guess he doesn't have enough clientele to warrant hiring anyone else... but doesn't that mean he needs to change something up?)

The hummus was okay. I was disappointed to have paid so much for it and the pita bread was ...well, I can get better at Trader Joe's. For that matter, save your money and grab hummus and pitas at Trader Joe's.

Don't do the shawarma. Don't. Seriously. I moved far away from my beloved Mediterranean favorite restaurant and now I cannot find anything to replace it with. My 50.00 bill from Ali Baba was a kick in the stomach, or was it the Shawarma that was a kick in the stomach?

To add insult to injury, I was late for a movie because it took 40 minutes to get a check from the manager while he was hanging out in the kitchen. Really? 40 minutes without checking on a table? You would be fired for that at my work.
This is a great place. The food is excellent and the atmosphere is wonderful. The live entertainment and belly dancers and hookah are fantastic. It's a great experience.
We were there over the weekend.  Great food.  The hummus was excellent, as was the roasted chichken (with fries no less) and chicken kaboobs.  By accident perhaps, there was a small shaker of seasonings and sesame seeds.  Put this on the hummus.  Wonderful!!
This place is a joke and the CLOWN they call the manager should be fired and the place shut down ! 

 Came here with family we weren't sure already about the place but it was recommended on Zabihah, so hesitantly  we decided to give it a try Boy was that a mistake! If I could give this place  NEGATIVE 5 stars I would have.
 We ordered our food with the recommendation of the waiter who was nice and friendly, everyones food came out and mines came 10 minutes later. The Hummas is WHACK  first off its like 80 % tahini our bread was BURNED  but they  still served it  to us. We came right at 5 and the restraunt was DEAD  empty, then suddenly two musicians showed up and started to play and practice off beat music, at a loud annoying volume when we were the only paying customer in the entire restraunt. The two weekend performers acted like they owned the place and abused  it like it was their personal studio. We asked him to stop for 10 minutes  so we can have and finish our meal in peace , instead he turned around and asked for another five minutes of torture because he was practiccing a song he planned  to record.  We waited 5 minutes which became 15 and he increased the volume the horrid amature hour  continued. It was so loud and obnoxious I had to leave the restraunt for air leaving my meal entirely untouched. The manager who was a brick of walking stupidity came and pretended to offer hollow customer service he told us the  the performers  don't speak English ( even though we told them in Arabic.)

The  lazy disgusting excuse for a  Managmer provided every excuse except customer service. We left our meals and didn't not take  anything. The bill was 120 for 4 people the scum manager then offered to give a free meal for 2 people only the next time we come, but there's 4 of us and we would never come back  to this  shotty excuse for Lebanese cuisine.
I was there for dinner. It was almost empty on the weekday night I went. Food was good particularly the salad. Service was attentive though only one waiter. Nice environment. Located in a mall, difficult to find. Prices reasonable. Good place for Arabic food.
Okay, I have no reference in much Lebanese or Middle Eastern food other than a container of Hummus and pita chips I bought from Costco on their demo days  and some kebabs from those outdoor food fairs.  I came here for  a lunch special for one of those lunch birthday during work kinda thing about 2 years ago. The lunch special was buffet style and I tried everything in the buffet line.  The staff  was friendly and everything tasted different, which is a good thing.  I even tried to make some of these dishes myself using a quick Google search...fail.  Anyway, I have to try some other place to compare. Yes, it was two years ago but my palette remembers.  All in all, I  would go back again.
An extra star for the decor.  The place is beautiful!  It was a Tuesday night and I met a friend for dinner.  She's half-Lebanese and this was her turf, food and location-wise.  She wanted grape leaves; I don't like them, so we settled on hummus and spinach pie for appetizers.  The hummus was okay, the spinach pie less so - four or five phyllo triangles stuffed with a dry spinach mixture.

For the main course we ordered "Tasty Salmon", which is supposed to be "char-grilled fresh salmon with rosemary and lemon juice served with a special spinach sauce".  There was no char, I didn't taste any rosemary and lemon juice, and the special spinach sauce was an orange-colored cream sauce with a few flecks of spinach.  The menu had no mention of cream in this sauce.  Cream and I have a love-hate relationship.  Overall, it tasted okay, but nothing special.  The salmon was a smallish portion, but it came with a huge mound of rice pilaf, and vegetables just this side of the freezer.

Service was very friendly and good at the beginning, but later on, when the big space was crowded with just two more tables (!), it was somewhat hard to get the waiter's attention.

My friend said that the beautiful patio fronting the restaurant is new.  Unfortunately, it was brutally hot and even steamy, so there was no way we were going to sit outside.  But since this restaurant is way on the other side of town, I'm unlikely to savor that patio. There are too many better, closer restaurants.  It's a shame, because decor like that deserves food worthy of its surroundings.
Dont't pay with credi/ATMt card. They will change the tip line. I think it was the manager that did it too.
So since i moved to vegas and always looking for a great Lebanese spot this place was great. I have been there twice. Portions are big and the prices are reasonable. They have the Kebbeh Neyyeh wich is always one of my favs. The only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because the service was really slow at the end of the night.
Its ok. Not reall impressive if you are middleeastern. Food is cold and service is disorganized. They can do better. Environment is a bit unique with live middle eastern music. The waiter was very nice and polite.
I haven't tried everything on the menu because I am such a fan of the mazza and grand mezza platters!  So much good food in generous portions for a very reasonable price.
This is a really great place for chow.

The grub is great!

The service is even better. 

This is one restaurant that is worth a visit.
Definitely not a good place to eat with friends, especially on a budget. There are cheaper and better Lebanese food out there. You are paying for over priced food and lack of service.
I took my mom out to lunch & she wanted to try this place. I had a falafel sandwich & she had the beef shwarma sandwich. The food was very well prepared. The hostess & server (manager) were both friendly & courteous.  My only complaint is the service was pretty slow and we 
were the only people in the restaurant.
I ordered just a bunch of appetizers. Hummus, Baba Ghanooj, Kibe Nayyi, fried kibe, yogurt, black tea and a hookah at the end. Everything was great. I would only tone down the cumin just a bit in the kibe nayyi. Service was great, and it was fast. A place to visit every time I'm in Vegas. Maybe I'll plan my next visit so I'm here over a Weekend to enjoy the live entertainment.
I don't think I have to go back.  Food was slightly below average and the place was kind of dirty.  There was still food from whomever ate at the table last all over the floor like the place needed to be vacuumed.  Since we went for lunch my guess is it was there from the night before. 

I'd skip this place
While I can't attest to the lunch buffet everyone has spoke about in previous reviews, I can attest I had a fantastic dinner here. Started out with Mezza (translates to appetizer in Arabic) which includes; hommos, tabbouleh, baba ghanouj, labneh, falafel and grape leaves. I'm very picky about grape leaves and falafel these were probably some of the best I've had, along with the baba ghanouj. This was huge and I could have easily just eaten this without ordering an entree. This could be split 4 ways, they also offer Grand Mezza, which is twice the amount of food. Only place in town to get Kebbeh Nayah, which is a definite if you come. 

A good accompaniment is Arak, it is to Lebanon as Ouzo is to Greece. It is 100 proof, delicious and I prefer over Ouzo or Sambucca. The way to drink it is over ice mixed with flat water. It is very smooth. 

For my entree I went with the seafood kabab, included a full salmon fillet and marinated shrimp. This was delicious. My date ordered the lamb shank which is supposed to be a house specialty (I'm not a fan of shank anything, so this was not my fav), but he gave it two thumbs up. Lots if Arabic desserts, try the Kanefeh, Maamoud and Lebanese Ice Cream. 

This place gets busy on the weekends around 10pm, they have live music (Arabic) and the belly dancers start at midnight. The atmosphere was good, large room, painted murals, comfy couches to sit and enjoy a hookah.
Lebanese Food...Don't Mind If I Do

There are some foods in this world that make me wonder, how did I ever grow up without this?? Lebanese food is one these! 

My friend Nicole and I were going out for lunch the other day and decided to try Ali Baba, a Lebanese restaurant. Upon arrival the waitress was outside and greeted us with a friendly hello. As we entered the restaurant I couldn't help but take in all the decor...the Tiffany inspired chandlers, the paintings on the wall (which turned out to be wall paper), the pillars, the long tables, and the dance floor with a stage that was set up to play bands. There was only one group of dinners in the restaurant and there wasn't any music playing, which was a little unsettling. But we decided to go forth and see what the experience could bring us!

The menu was quit detailed, so if it was your first time eating Lebanese food, you'd know what you would be getting into. It all looked so good to me! We ended up ordering some hummus, tabbouleh, a shawarma sandwich and a chicken taouk sandwich. We decided that we would share everything! The hummus was so tasty, just like it should be. So creamy and smooth with a buttery taste. The tabbouleh was amazing with the finely minced parsley, diced tomatoes, onions, cracked wheat, mint, extra virgin olive oil, and lemon juice! Very yummy...I could eat it every day! The shawarma sandwich was good. This sandwich is usually marinated in yogurt and spices over night, although, I'm not sure what this places uses as the marinade. It did come with tahini sauce, garlic, lemon juice, seasoned onions, sliced tomato and pickles. The chicken taouk sandwich wasn't as good but I think that's because of the garlic sauce they put in it. If you dare to eat this sandwich, make sure you don't have to be up-close and personal with someone! The chicken was char-grilled served with garlic sauce, tomatoes and pickles. Both sandwiches came with french fries, which I thought was a little odd. I would have preferred a small side of hummus or babganoush instead.

Over all, we stuffed ourselves and had leftovers! I will go back when the craving for hummus is calling! But I would wait till later in the day for when the band and belly dancers show up!  I can't wait to see them perform in person! 

http://inapplesworld.blogspot.com/
I am a great fan of Middle Eastern cuisine. I am fortunate to be able to travel to the Middle East yearly and eagerly seek out Middle Eastern restaurants when I come to a new city. I was very disappointed with the food at Ali Baba. Overcooked meats, yes I know Arabs like their meat well done, but I ordered rare hoping for medium rare. No such luck. Gamey lamb, tasteless entrees. The worst backlawa ever, washed down by the worst coffee ever. How can backlawa be this bad? Service is friendly, courteous and professional. Shisha is served table side, so know that as you are eating there is the possibility that those around you may be smoking. I'm cool with it, but the initiated may be surprised. The Shisha is regularly attended to by staff members circling the room. This place really comes alive weekend nights. There is live music with popular Arabic songs performed. There is a dance floor and many of the mature diners dance into the wee hours of the morning. Overall this place is about the Arabic experience, and they do a good job. It's just unfortunate the food is so bad.
I regret to say that our dinner experience was quite terrible here. Our food was bad- the spinach pie was off and the soup was rancid. 

The service was slow. We were left at our table waiting for 30 minutes waiting for a check after we declined dessert. 

Not many vegetarian options.
They microwaved their bread so long that it was hard like a rock when it cooled downed.  I sent back two appetizers because they were microwaved and just disgusting.  Don't order anything is pastry puff.  The lamb was soooo tough it was not edible.  Waitress argued this is how they aways made it, and she ate it every day.  Too bad for her!  Don't waste your money on this overpriced, poor quality food.  And when they say it includes pine nuts in the dish, don't believe it unless you have a microscope and are willing to search for it!!!  So so bad, ugh, $60 for 3 apps and 1 entree... what a waste!!!!
While Ali Baba no longer offers the weekend AYCE buffet as I previously reviewed a few years back, I still dine here frequently with my family. 

Our "go to" dishes are the beef shawarma plate, tabouli, chicken kabobs and their hot & fresh pita bread. The "Mom" is always there slaving away in the kitchen. She as well as the servers always have a smile on their face and "Mom" will make a point to greet our table. She always makes my daughter a shirley temple (extra cherries) and gives her extra bread to make her happy.

Fantastic customer service and great quality food!!
Good food,
Best mekanek in town... Authentic and good environment especially saturday night
Here's the real skinny on Ali Baba - either you're going to hate it or love it. There's probably not much in between.

As for me, my husband and I attended a friend's birthday party here on a Saturday night. As other reviews have mentioned this place gets poppin' on the weekends. My husband and I arrived as the first of the anyone in the party to get there. We were seated at one of the many long tables. That's a thing with Ali Baba, it does seem as though they tend to serve large groups, not small dining parties. I wonder if this is because of a tradition in Lebanese culture? I'm not sure.

Anyway, the place is dimly lit, with a disco ball spinning in one corner above the dance floor and musician's stage. There is a bar area toward the back. The whole of the restaurant is painted with Middle Eastern type scenes. 

On Saturday night they have a band and a singer (yes, a real singer) who sings VERY loudly and everyone cheers and claps and some people sing along. Well, the only way you can sing along is if you know what language he is singing in! People get up and dance all through the night and through their dinners. The singer roams the dining area enticing people to sing and clap with him. it's like a Mexican place that has a band/singers, but taken to the next level. 

By the way, they do hookah here directly on the tables while food is being served. So, if that ain't in your ball park, go elsewhere or it's going to seriously ruin your dining experience if others in the restaurant are partaking of the option, which our party was. I thought it was deliciously naughty and fun to be able to smoke, eat, and drink all at the same time. ;)

As for the food and drinks, and this is honestly one of only two dings I had regarding our experience here. I find the pricing to be a little much. My husband ordered a Jack and Coke and it cost him $10 (plus tip). I mean yikes. That's crazy. Plus, the food is NOT cheap. You can get food such as this elsewhere at lower prices. 

What we had food-wise was appetizer plates split between our entire group. We got two orders of their Grand Mezza (which was actually too much for 10 people). It came with: Hommos, Tabbouleh, Baba Ghanouj, Labneh, Falafel, Kebbehballs, Mixed Pies (Cheese, Spinach, Meat), Fool Medamas, Sujok, Bastermaand Grape Leaves. I honestly cannot at this point in time remember what I actually ate, although I tried to get a bit of everything. I thought everything had great flavor and was tasty. The only thing I did not like was the Bastermaand Grape Leaves. Too much of a bitter flavor. I think I would have to go back and really sit down and know what I was eating to really give a good review on the food. But overall, for our party these dishes worked well.

We also ordered two bottles of Arak for the table. This is the national alcoholic drink of Lebanon and it is 100 proof liquor and it is not cheap. We all imbibed and we were all very merry. We danced and clapped and ate and smoked and danced some more and ate and drank some more.

Honestly I loved partying here! I thought it was fun. The only issue I had was that it was just a tad too loud to hear much of what my party was saying. 

Besides the loudness and the high-prices Ali Baba was an awesome time. I would defintiely recomend if you are lookiing for something a bit different for a large group party.
Went here the other night and service was HORRIBLE! At first they refused to seat us inside even though there were plenty of open seats. After a long wait they did seat us, but then (after 30 minutes with only water) never took our order, even after we asked several times. We left and will never return. Way to make your guests feel extremely unwanted and uncomfortable Ali Baba. Go to Pasha if you want good food and service.
Hands down BEST hookah lounge & caf in Las Vegas!!! Had the most amazing night there with my friends and my wife. Atmosphere was unbelievable, live singers all night long, drinks were on point, food was amazing, all the employees treated us like celebrities with the most satisfactory customer service. Prices very reasonable for that type of atmosphere. They provide a wide variety and selection of hookah tobacco and they fix the hookahs to perfection. Highly Highly recommended when in Vegas, you wont regret.
3 1/2 stars. Stumbled upon Ali Baba Cuisine by mistake when I made a wrong turn into this strip center. It was lunch and there was only one other patron besides myself.

My waitress was super friendly and I chose the beef shawarma sammie - combo of lamb, beef seasoned marinated and served with tarator sauce, garlic, lemon juice, seasoned onions, tomatoes and pickles. The sammie was served with fries for $10.00 The sammie was decent although my wrap was  soggy due to the excess sauces.

At night I can imagine this place could be fun with live music, hookah and a dance large dance floor.
We got the small mezzanine and the chicken touak. We got the at 9:30 after a show and the food was very fresh. Was very good and the service was amazing. Definitely try this place. We're going back soon!
Great hookah. I've also ordered some appetizers which were just all right. Service was great though !!!
Went here last night with my wife and another couple.  We were absolutely the only people inside the restaurant, while what looked like the owner/manager and two friends were smoking hookah outside.  
    After waiting about 3-4 minutes we were greeted at the table as we had come a few minutes behind our friends who had already ordered drinks.  The owner/manager I mentioned earlier was our waiter because he didn't seem to be wearing any kind of serving uniform.  
     After we ordered our food about 10 minutes went by at which point a man who was clearly the cook (wearing apron) came up to us, hurriedly, to take our order.  We told him we had already ordered, and he asked who took the order and we pointed to the manager coming through the door with ingredients bought at a nearby market.  He ran up to him then they both ran back to the kitchen together. OK so they ran out of ingredients, and clearly the cook had no idea anyone was inside the restaurant or had ordered for those first 10 minutes.  
     About 20 minutes later we got our food, which was OK, definitely not anything great.  The chicken shawarma looked like it had been thrown together rather quickly and not really fully cooked (probably because they were trying to rush after having to go to the market to get ingredients).  
     I had a beer but my wife had ordered a Mojito.  BIG mistake... it was absolutely terrible, did not taste anything even remotely close to a Mojito.  It was so bad even I wouldn't finish it just for the buzz.
     Then we waited for our check.....and waited....and waited..... and waited.  The manager walked past us towards his little office near the front of the restaurant twice, without saying a word to us.  Then he went outside for about 5 minutes.... then came back and went to the kitchen... then finally came over and asked us if we needed anything.   Uhhhh yea the check, we've been sitting here for 13-15 minutes.  
     So finally the check came... and WOW! Each beer (12 oz.) was $5.  The previously mentioned absolutely terrible Mojito was a whopping $9.  The other dishes were $13-$19.  The Chicken Shawarma was $16 but definitely not worth more than $12.  So everything was definitely overpriced.  
     I would come back here if I had no other options, but if there is another Lebanese place open within about 15 miles I would go there rather than here.....
     Freakin $9 "Mojito"???
Great cuisine and service. Very authentic but can be enjoyed by anyone. The quality and preparation of the food is excellent. Many delicious options for vegetarians. We've been on various Saturday nights when they have live music and it is a great atmosphere. The staff is very polite and attentive. Highly recommend.
The cuisine at Ali Baba's is sensational.  Big portions, everything is fresh and tasty.  The wine lists are fantastic and the atmosphere...fantastic.  I never felt like I was in a standard restaurant, all involved from the owners to the servers make sure that you feel like family and bend over backwards to please you.  The foods are served in a timely manner, nice and warm and the veggies....WOW!  Would I go back?  Absolutely!  Do I recommend?  Highly!!  You are missing out on a wonderful experience in all ways.  Go go go!!!  :-)
Came after work with a Co worker.  The staff was super friendly and the food was full of flavor.  Mmmm a new favorite will be coming back again and again.
One star is too much for this place! I hated it. We went in the afternoon the waitress was a jerk and the food was like I was swallowing garlic
An excellent experience all the way around. The place was buzzing on Saturday evening. Very vibrant, lively setting. Fabulous food. Amazing atmosphere (live music and belly dancing). Beautiful people, all of whom were very friendly. Will definitely return.
The worst Arabic restaurant I ever dined into. My lamb shank was not done at all it felt like I am eating tires instead of lamb. Also, the tomato paste was TOO much to the point the food was tasting sweet instead of salty and there was no taste of spices at all. Also, the kenafeh I ordered was TOO old and it felt like nylon in my mouth. Bad food for very high price. STRONGLY not recommended. For the money you'll pay in it, you would find a lot tastier and cheaper places.
Wait...so you're saying I can have a huge assed shish kabob dinner with rice and salad for $9 and I will be really, really full and satiated??  SOLD!! Found out about this place through ex-Yelper, Poly, so I had to check it out after her raves about it.  

Almost every dinner entree is less than $10 except for the kabob combo and the lamb chops and MAN is it a lot of food!  Lunch prices for dinner!  Get double the portion of what you'd pay at most Greek joints!  

I had the kabob sampler for $10.50 which included a huge salad, rice, pita, 2 pieces of chicken kabob (thigh meat), 2 pieces of beef kabob, 1 chicken lula (grilled ground chicken) and a pork chop...not some dinky chop either..like a full meal deal pork chop!  Awesome.  Entree was also accompanied w/ a full grilled tomato and hot pepper which went great w/ everything.   

The menu is simple.   They just have a photo of what each dish looks like which makes it really friggin easy.  

Decor of the place is just simple and there's a cool outdoor hookah lounge which we didn't partake in this time around since we were starving.  

Can't wait to go back.  We already know what we're ordering the next time.  My wife is having the beef kabob/lula combo and I'm going for the salmon.
I ordered from SKH from the office for delivery. They delivered it within the time they quoted. Good Portions, Low Cost, and Tasty. I got the Combo Kabob (#19) $10.95 and I couldn't even eat it all. It will make for a good snack later. Not the best I've ever had, but i have no complaints. The salad (strong dressing) got ignored for the most part, not because i didn't like it, but what guy wouldn't rather get full on meat with a side of rice.
The lunch specials here are great. I had the lamb chops and it was surprisingly pretty good. Beef, chicken and lamb kabobs were also very tasty. The pork chops were very flavorful. The rice that they serve here is awesome (BUTTER BUTTER AND MORE BUTTER) . The lunch portions are huge. It comes with salad and rice. They moved to a bigger and much nicer place a couple of doors down. No frills Mediterranean place that is decently priced.
I'll be honest. It was our last night in Vegas, we were tired and lazy and had yet to pack. Thankfully, Shish Kabob house had slid their little flyer under our hotel room door.

The portions are crazy large, the hummus was tasty and it was delicious. Hit the spot.
Went to here for lunch today with my uncle who raved about it.  We ordered #19 with rice.  The meat was all cooked perfectly and the rice was delicious.  We also ordered a cucumber yogurt which was very mild and satisfying.  Would definately go again.
Great food, great value, big portions. Just Go!
The Lamb...OMFG THE LAMB!!! I'll have cravings of the lamb chops for the next few months thanks to this place.

Okay here's the story, Buddy and I planned on hitting up Mother's Korean BBQ in China town. I no longer felt up to it and decided i needed a Kebab (I dont care to me it's KE-BAB, i talk about KE-BABS with my British and Australian friends it's not a kah-bob it's KE-BAB). My buddy works around the area and orders delivery at least twice a week. TWICE A WEEK?! other then rice i dont eat anything twice a week willingly. We GOTTA check this place out.

We arrived at 9:45 and closing is at 10:00. The staff allowed us to dine in regardless of their closing time. Our waitress was brand new and possibly fumbled our order so another waitress came over to confirm everything. Now some would consider this an annoyance because they should have got it right the first time but i actually approve of this. It's better to ask again and get it right rather then follow through only to discover someone made a mistake somewhere.

We both ordered #19s (Combo Kebab) but with personal touches. 
I had a straight 19 which has Rice, Salad, Grilled Chili & Tomato, A Pork Chop, two of each Chicken & Beef Kebabs, and a Beef Lula kebab.

Buddy had the same but replaced his rice with half rice half fries, all beef kebabs, and a chicken lula.

We also had a side of lamb chops were were...what ever i'll say it...ORGASMIC 

Rice: had that classic flavor found in middle eastern, indian, and mediteranean cuisine. I have been unable to replicated and havent found a female of listed above ethnicity to date so the rice will still impress me until i learn it's secrets. 

Beef Kebab: Perfectly seasoned not too dry but not all that juicy. Had a lot of flavor and was very tender. Epic Win

Chicken Kebab: Same as the beef but with chicken. Epic Win

Beef Lula Kebab: Nice flavor but the texture is what got me, it seemed softer then burger meat but had twice the flavor. The overly soft texture didnt sit too well with me but then again i ate it all. Epic uh...not sure if i like it but there's no trace of it on my plate

Chicken Lula Kebab: Perfect just perfect, the flavors and most importantly the texture was perfect. Epic Perfection

Pork Chops: No impact No idea. All i know is it fits VERY nicely in the to go box. Not a small pork chop either mine covered nearly half the plate. Epic Breakfst

Side of Lamb Chops: Words can not begin to describe...Should have sent a Poet. In all seriousness i was ready to throw my entire plate on the floor and completely devote the next few minutes to munching on these lamb chops. We as Americans need to embrace Lamb more...Epic Lamb

Having a salad on the side is a very nice way to balance out the savory and the salty with crunchy tartness. The Pita bread wasnt fresh but i cant expect more when they stayed open late to accommodate us very close to their closing time. 

Overall two combo plates, two sodas, customization on one of the combo plates, and a side of 4 pieces of lamb chops for 40 dollars.

WAIT WHAT?!?! 20 quid per person?! that's a 22oz steak @ the Cortez Room...That's All you can eat Korean BBQ @ Sula...here 20 bucks not only got us each a combo plate but the Lamb too?! 

Sorry my other favorite place for cheap eats you've already been forgotten and replaced with Shish Kebab House...
Thank you, Tien N.  Without you I never would have ordered the lamb.  With your review, my girlfriend and I ordered 3 dishes: the lamb, the chicken, and the beef.  All were delicious.  We had the Baba Ganoush appetizer, and our server refilled our pita bread, which was unexpected.  We ordered that much food because there was a $35 minimum with our restaurant.com GC.  All told I spent $21 including tax and tip after the GC was deducted, with enough leftovers to last us well into tomorrow!
We decided to have some kabobs on a hot Saturday night. I didn't know what to expect since I've never been here before. Apparently they used to be in a smaller place and have now moved to a bigger place. After looking at the menu, I decided on the combination plate. The combination plate included:
1. Beef Lula- this was tender and juicy
2. Beef Kabob- also tender/flavorful
3. Chicken Kabob- too dry to fully enjoy it
4. Porkchop- overcooked and a lil too grilled for my liking
The rice was delicious, but I'm sure it had a lot of butter of salt. The salad was decent....a lot of onions, so if you plan on taking your significant other there, beware of onion breath!
Overall, I though it was just ok and if I go back I will just stick to what I liked and possibly try this lamb kabob that all the other yelpers are talking about.
Hahaha I love how confused we were and wondered if we opened the right door to the Shish Kabob House and had to ask someone in this banquet looking hall. The sign is to one side over by the exit door and not directly above the entrance. Because of the decor, I thought we stumbled into some sort of private hall.

It seems my comrades thought their chickens were more on the okay side so I'm drawing to a conclusion that maybe the red meats are the star? My beef kabob and lula kabob were pretty good and lamb is definitely to try next time. The LuLa was nicely seasoned and the beef kabob was tender and juicy. This isn't really "Mediterranean" but I guess it's easy to lump it instead of call this Armenian. Salad was good and fresh and added a bit of the "wetness" the meal needs, but I still think maybe the meats should come with a sauce. Rice is buttered and they use jasmine rice so it is soft and not dry at all.  The plate had roasted tomato which was yummy to mix into the food and had a roasted pepper which I thought was the usual mild sweet peppers most Mediterranean places give. Beware- its a spicy pepper and I took a big mouthful like an idiot. Delicious in small bites, but not so much in a mouthful...ouchie. 

Next time I'll see if they can do a small dipping cup of their cucumber yogurt. They had it on the back listed in appetizers so I didn't even know they had some sort of yogurt...I think maybe that would be the missing link to marry all the flavors together. 

For the big plate I had and a drink it was around $10 which was a good deal so this would be a good lunch spot for people in the area (like me). I will come back for the LuLa , that was pretty decent. I saw a mention of Chicken Tabaka...wasnt on the lunch so maybe I'll go during dinner to order that- been missing this dish.
First things first - I'm a huge carnivore and I consider myself a meat expert. I've pretty much tried it all and love it all. The meat here was yummy but my coworker and I had some meat that was "confusing".

If memory serves, I got #19. Some plate of awesomeness with beefy goodness and then some pork chop looking things on it (at least in the picture!). The waitress asked if I wanted lamb or pork, and I decided to go with the lamb based on Yelp reviews. The beefy things (kafta kabob + steak) were insanely tasty. Then came the "lamb". The sad thing is I'm still confused about whether I ate lamb or pork! I know, ridiculous! So it was pale and whitish like pork, but it had the size and taste of lamb (well sort of!). I've never seen white lamb so I'm uber confused? Neither me nor my carnivorous coworker could figure it out. LOL.

She got a chicken platter thing served with those chicken lula meatballs. She found them disgusting, I found them tolerable. Definitely not something either of us would order again. 

As others have mentioned, the decor is bizarre. You've got these casual tacky laminated menus, you've got decent prices but you're dining in what seems like a hotel ball room. A bit odd! 

Overall I'd go back, but I'd probably stick to the beef.
As always, generous portions, great food, good staff.  It's the best in town.
I had booked a reservation for a birthday dinner, four days prior to the actual dinner for party of 12. When I phoned back to change the time (the day of) the hostess placed me on hold.  The manager came on the line; claimed they could not find my contact information to inform me that they were already booked for a private party (though they did not inform me of the event when I phone to make the reservation). Very unprofessional! I regret making the reservation!
I had the combo kabob #19 $11.95 comes with a pork chop. chicken. beef. Lula..served with rice or French fries or salad The staff is great the food is good... great place to take a date
So it was stay and home and play game day, so we decided to order for delivery. This place was close by and I saw the reviews on it that it was awesome and I love kabobs, and lambs so hey! perfect right? NOT!

Ordered online for delivery. It says it will take 45min to 1 hour for delivery. We ordered 2 lamb and 1 beef. And hour and half later, nothing yet. Gave them a call and they said that the food just finished and was on the way. 20 more minutes passed... the driver called and was lost. 20 minutes later, got the food. At least they gave us a discount since the food took so long. The reason it took so long? It was WAYY overcooked. The meat was all dry and chewy and doesn't have much flavor. Defintely not impressed.

Maybe eating there is different, but not a good delivery experience. Food was cold upon delivery. Though the portion was decent, but not gonna try again.
Lamb Chops.

I never, ever, order anything else.  I don't care to. I don't need to.

There was a period where I ordered lamb chops from this place maybe three times a week.  Not a healthy period, but a damn enjoyable one.  I actually preferred to have them delivered, rather than to eat in the restaurant, because by the time they got to my house, the juice from the chops had flavored the bed of rice up quite nicely.  The salad usually is dressed a little heavily, but there are plenty of veggies and not just a bunch of iceberg lettuce.  

Price is LOW for chops this fine.  

Eating IN the restaurant is kind of an odd experience, as the mix of fine linen, diner-type menu, large screen TV's, and "exotic" foods can be jarring for some.  

But, whatever.

Lamb Chops.  Eat them.
If I could give this place 10 stars I would. And so would everyone I bring here to experience this amazing place. Most recent converts were my bro and two GF's. 

Before: 
Me, "This is the best Medit. food I've ever had." 
Them, "Oh yeah? We'll be the judge of this."  
After: Them: "OMG, this is the best Medit. food we've ever had!!!!"

We went for dinner, eat in. Had the "salad plate" which is all of the appy salads - babaganooj, eggplant caviar, hummus, etc... You want to lick the platters clean. Ridiculously good. Enough for 4-5 people to share.

The kabobs have huge hunks of juicy meat, the fries are pretty typical, but bro said the rice was great. The side salad is super yummy. 

Food = awesome.
Prices = CHEAP!! (esp. for the quality and quantity)
Cusomer service = I'd say they haven't nailed it yet. Just figure its a mom-n-pop place, they don't have a "customer service coach" to help them polish up the nuances of what makes us all happy to be waited on. 

Go for the food, and just chill re: customer service. They try hard, and that counts.

(PS - my first time there, I arrived in the late afternoon and ordered take out - it took awhile. Unless you want to wait at least 45min playing with your iPhone while you're food is prepared, do call ahead.)
I will never order from this restaurant again. Nor will I use any restaurant that offers online ordering through the 24 online company. First if we had been told that we would be CHARGED $5 TO ORDER ONLINE - YES THEY CHARGE YOU $5 TO ORDER ONLINE - I would have simply called in the order. Then we were telephoned by the restaurant over an hour after we ordered that they were out of Hommus. This is after we were promised delivery in 30 to 45 minutes. It took them almost two hours to get our cold food delivered. I will never walk in to this restaurant again and I will never order online through that 24 company for this restauarant or for any restaurant they work for! THIS PLACE IS A RIP OFF!!!
I go out a lot and expect my water refilled, a smile from the waitress, oh...a menu and hopefully, good food.

This place has a weird dining room, more like a business conference room.  There were lots of customers waiting to pick up, waiting to order, waiting for food, waiting for their check.  

The food was not stellar so I can't say the food was worth the wait!  

The Gyros was not good and I was so disappointed.  The meat wasn't exciting, the tomatoes were lacking.  And the hummus was bland.

Now, if I were looking for young armenian men, this is the place.  But I'm not so, it's Not worth it.
So slowwwwwww. But pretty good gyro.
Went there for my uncles 50th birthday party. It is a restaurant we all know that but whoever said the food isn't good has something up their you know what. Amazing food & decent service!

I'll be going there again
We started out for Italian food and ended up at Shish Kabob House, a first visit for all five of us.

The door was open, and before we could even enter, the volume of the live music was off-putting.  I love it when a restaurant has good entertainment, and in this case the singer was a typical Russian entertainer - that is, she sang in a million different languages, and did it well.  What didn't work was that it was way too loud for the room, with its low ceilings.  Even when our waitress asked her three times to lower it!!

I was blown away by the prices on the menu.  Most of the entrees are only 7.95 - 8.95.  I felt like I'd gone back in time.  But all of us decided to order the combo plate, which was a huge portion consisting of chicken kebob, beef lula (a.k.a. kefta, ground meat) kebab, beef kebob, and I think pork chops, but the waitress said we could substitute baby lamb chops for the pork (she called it, humorously, the kosher plate).  That was 11.95.  It was served with an enormous portion of tasty rice, mixed salad, and very good pita.

We started with hummus and tabbouleh salad for appetizers; the tabbouleh was excellent.  The hummus was bland, and needed more garlic or other seasoning.

But the lamb chops - oh, what lamb chops!  Moist, tender, perfectly cooked.  In a word, stupendous.  The other meats were very good, too, and they will be tomorrow's dinner, along with still too much rice.

This restaurant is Armenian, as was our waitress, Sophie, who was excellent - friendly, efficient, and accommodating.  That is, until we asked for the check and presented two Entertainment coupons.  She refused to take more than one, even though Entertainment rules stipulate that you can use up to three per check, unless otherwise indicated.  We told her that there was nothing saying that they'd only take one, and she passed the buck to her absent boss.  Still, the bill was exceedingly reasonable, and split five ways, it came out to only $15 a person before tip, and that included the two appetizers, a beer, wine, coke, and a yogurt drink (sour yogurt with mint - yecch - but the friend who ordered it loved it).

For parties of 10 or more, they have a 7.95 special that is a full meal.  Amazing.  Imagine inviting 9 of your best friends to celebrate your birthday and paying the whole tab that comes to $80.  Unheard of!

I think we've found our new favorite Middle Eastern restaurant.  But next time we'll sit at three different tables!
I want to kidnap the chef and keep him all to myself! Being 1/2 Armenian on my Father's side, I know Mediterranean food. I have been cooking it myself ever since my Grandma from Armenia taught me as a child. Well the afternoon we ate here the food was fantabulous! I had the lamb kabobs and my husband had the pork kabobs. Both were served on a bed of "real" pilaf that was so good I could have licked the plate! There was also a salad on the plate with a slight lemon dressing. It was wonderful! A pita bread finished out the plate, and for the price it couldn't be beat! Truthfully, I have never had food this good except when Grandma made it!  P.S.  Keep your hands off the chef, he's mine! :)
The service and food quality needs improvement!
Amazing Armenian Food. The lamb chops are the best I ever tried. The service is excellent. The atmosphere and the mood just relaxing. Very very inexpensive for what it is. This place would be hard to top in my books.

Next time you are in vegas def a place to stop by for some amazing armenian food.
Super Great Food!!! The prices are not too shabby... My one flaw is the timelyness if your looking for a quick bite not the place or I suggest ordering before you come. (The food kinda takes a hot minute but it is worth it!!!) I've brought plenty of friends and they all love it. I also used them to cater my big 3-0!! Again everyone loved it!! Doesn't really matter what you order I've tried everything and it all agrees with my palate! Cheers!
The food is awsome! I have been ordering take outs for about year during lunch time and never have problems. I eat in a few times, but it was always at lunch. So, one day, we decided to stop in for dinner with my wife and two kids. We first arrived at the restaurant and no one greeted us. We sat ourselves since they seemed busy. Another 10 mins gotten by, and no one even greeted us or gave us the menu. Then, another 20 mins, we left. No one bother to say goodbye or anything. Guess what? We are not coming back for lunch anymore. Nope, not only that. All our co-workers are not coming back either. Learn to teach your staff how to serve, if you dont care, we are not coming back.
Really good and priced right! Love the Filet Kabob!
I tasted a few Mediterranean foods and I have to say, this was the best restaurant to serve it!

I have to be honest, I was skeptical. I've had my fair share of mediterranean foods and I have to say, they weren't all that good. And I love food.

But I was very hungry especially when I haven't had my breakfast and it was close to 1 PM (plus with only 2 hours of sleep) I was willing to eat and try anything.

They interior decor was really nice. It certainly didn't felt like Las Vegas, but it didn't felt I was home either. We sat out on the patio, between the hookah lounge and the restaurant. It wasn't hot for some reason (we expected it to be).

Our waitress was a lady thats been working there for 12 years. (insane!) First thing I wanted, w-a-t-e-r!  (I chug down 2 large glasses of water before my order came out!)

I couldn't make sense what the menu entrees and I complained a little bit about it. My friend took it serious and told me to get the kabob with a choice of different type of meats. I chose lamb (because I haven't had lamb in years). After 2 glasses of water, our food finally came out. I have to say, they weren't the most presentable foods I've seen. They look like one long turd with a side of pilaf rice. After my first bite though I have to say, I don't recall looking up to my fellow travelers and talk with them until I finished my dish... the whole thing.

Very full filling, food coma status.

I do recommend this spot. Go there before you hit the casinos and hotel, it's a spot you must try!
Grew up in glendale...so i have an automatic dislike for everything Armenian...I've had persian in various places and even the real deal shit in Istanbul next to the blue mosque..I can say I'm pretty fucking qualified in Kabobs.

First time, ordered the number 7 (beef and chicken kabob)it was blah..and would even consider giving it 2 stars. No taste and had to put crazy amounts of sumak just to be edible.. The rice was overcooked and tasted like microwaved uncle bens. 

Second time...OMG. perfectly cooked meat...perfect rice....HOT, WARM falafels...it looked the same but all my complaints instantly vanished.

AWESOME AWESOME.

Eat here and love ARMOS for LIFE!
Solid kabob place. Absolutely zero decor in the place, but it's huge an cheap, which is great for big parties.
Don't waiste your time or your money. Went to a Christmas party as this place and not only did the food suck, the service was even crappier. There were 20 people in my party, they only had a table made for 15. Anytime we asked for additional drinks or when our food started to get low we were given attitude by the waitor/waitress. The lamb was overcooked and the other meat portions couldn't be any smaller. Needless to say my whole office was very dissapointed!
This place has the best kabob in Vegas.  They even deliver to me at Panorama. I have only used them for delivery as I have never ate at the restaurant so I can not comment on service.
WOWZA!!! WEe had family in town (Russian) and they wanted more authentic type of food so yes of course Shis kabob House was our first choice! I was completley surprised that the portions for the price were HUGE!! The rice was perfect (hubby did ask why can't you make rice like this... ) lol Definitley will be going back there before the week is over!
After having a craving for some fresh meats I took my boyfriend here last night. And while it's not my first time going to Shish Kabob House, last night made me a set in stone fan who will definitely be visiting on a frequent basis.

NOTE: I did notice that they had new menus printed and the prices went up just a tad recently. Nothing that would make me leave though, considering that I was surprised with how cheap they've been in the past. But I thought I'd let you know that the orange menus in the pictures are not the most recent prices.

The restaurant is in a simple room which holds a nice ambience, something my boy and I both really enjoy. There's a small stage up front on which they occasionally have live music and two TVs on opposite walls.

We started the evening by being greeted and seated immediately and ordered some hummus with pita ($4.95) for our appetizer. The pita is brought out warm and the hummus smooth and flavorful. If you happen to run out of pita before the hummus they'll bring out some more too ~

The entree menu consists of a standard plate that has salad, your choice of rice, fries or half/half, and then your choice of meats which covers practically the whole spectrum. Beef, Chicken, Lamb, Pork, Salmon and Shrimp (and there's even some "American" eats if you happen to have someone not so adventurous in your group). In the past I've always ordered the Lamb kabobs ('cause really, how often do you get to eat lamb?) while I sampled from my friends' plates, but I think I've officially found my regular. ($8.95 - $14.95)

 #19 ($13.95) - Beef & Chicken kabob, Beef lula and a Pork chop, which I found out from our waiter could be subbed for 2 lamb chops! Perfect! I snatched up that plate while my boyfriend order just lamb chops ($14.95).

Now let me say... those lamb chops are the reason why I'm writing this review. When something blows me away, I have to tell others, and while I did have to wait extra long for my chops, our waiter said the perfect line when he brought them to me. "Belated, but delicious!" He couldn't be more right. I was sorry when each bite was over; The meat was tender, flavorful and perfect. Those lamb chops were seriously one of the best things I've ever had the pleasure of eating.

Overall I can't say anything better about this place. It's nice for a casual lunch or even if you're taking out a group for dinner. The prices are reasonable enough that you don't have to feel bad if you want a full course meal and they constantly have Restaurant.com certificates available so you can't go wrong. The portions are generous, delicious and while it may take time to get your food out, you can tell it's because everything is prepared fresh. I dare you to leave this place hungry! :]
I was so Excited to try this place after receiving a flyer from a gentleman going around my complex. After living in San francisco for so long I had high expectations. 

Epic Fail! Really sad to be honest with you. I ordered a Lamb & Chicken kabob combo(Custom), roommate ordered the Salman & Shrimp (#9) combo and i ordered a Chicken Tabaka ( #12) for later. Would have been a somewhat reasonable price if there was any flavor. Absolutely no love went into this creation. Not authentic what so ever. 

Rice: Regular white rice, slightly fried making it oily. No seasoning on it at all
Chicken & Lamb Kabob: No flavor and REALLY dry. I ended up feeding it to the dog.
Salmon & Shrimp: Roommate said the salmon was over cooked, no flavor on it whatsoever. 
Chicken Tabaka: Regular roasted chicken lacking  flavor and moister. 

This place could be AMAZING! The Mediterranean has a plethora of spices. Why aren't they being used here? 

SILVER LINING and why i gave this place 2 stars apposed to 1: The Lady answering the phones was extremely nice.
CALL IN ur order and pick it up 20 minutes later. The food is REALLY GOOD, but the food takes forever to come out. Which in a weird way I prefer because at least I know it wasn't sitting there ready. Oh and if u want to order, u have to be agressive and get their attention, otherwise ur sitting there forever.
Yummy and better then every others..
We had this food catered in by a drug rep and man oh man was it good.  The beef lula was all the rage as was the rice.  Not sure what they put in it, but its addictive.  The hummus and pita bread was delicious as well.  I now go here on a regular and have not been disappointed.
Pretty good food. Their gyro was just a tad over par, and their service was consistently excellent. Hummus was pretty bomb-diggity. Check it out!
This pains me so. To only give a place I love(d) so much a TWO STAR rating., but I must. This isn't based on just one visit, but the aggregation of my last five visit over the previous few months.

What sealed it was during tonight's dining experience. There was a younger couple next to us that was seated maybe two minutes before we were. By the time we had left, maybe an hour and ten minutes later they still hadn't received there food. Turns out the cook "dropped" the young lady's meal and it had to be remade. It was dj vu. 

You see the last time we had patronized this establishment one of the guests in our party had the exact same thing happen to him. Coincidence?  Hardly. I think they expanded the dining room and the kitchen staff just can't handle it. 

Tonight two of the five entrees came out about five minutes after everyone else's. ALL THE FOOD WAS COLD.  Sending it back really wasn't an option as it took roughly 45 min to get it in the first place.  The rice was soggy , chicken and steak cold, and salad was soggy.

Again, very disappointed on the last few experiences at what is now most likely not my favorite kebab place.
After visiting about 10+ times I would recommend the first thing you MUST do after seating yourself (which I like because I want to sit somewhere where I can't hear the neighbor's conversation) is that you MUST ask for Sophie. She is the best waitress there and will make sure your food is well prepared and warm when you get it. She is always good about refilling drinks and always knows what to recommend when you don't know what to get. As far as the food goes portions are a good size and cheap. I have tried the chicken and beef kabob as well as the pork chops all of them very tasty and delicious. I don't usually eat pork because I don't like the flavor, but their pork was the best ever cooked to perfection. My favorite part of the dish would have to be the rice and the salad mmmm... scrumcious!!! Oh and the roasted tomato is the best. Food has always been fresh and great tasting. Another plus is there is always entertainment, whether its the TV or live I love their music. If you are a coffee lover you should try the Armenian Coffee for dessert., small portion but tastes REALLY good. 

Sophie makes this review a 5, otherwise I would say a 4.
this place is too good to miss it.We ordered delivery recently couple of times and their food is great and packed with flavor and not to mention HUGE PORTIONS..I havent visited the restaurant but I am sure eating the same food in the restaurant tastes even better than in the take out box..
This place is Amazing!  One of the Best Kabob House's I've ever been to!  We eat here EVERYTIME we come to Vegas!  If I could give them more than 5 stars I would.  They are amazingly friendly and accomodating, never mind having some of the best Food known to man... I wish they would open up a store identical to this one in SoCal.  The amount of business they would get would be out of control!  They have delivered to us on the strip and in Summerlin!  Our entire family has ordered from here and has enjoyed their very good service.   Try them out and you'll be impressed!
#1 Mediterranean restaurant in Las Vegas. The food is amazing, the place is great and the service was excellent. I will definitely go back.
I had my 2nd visit to this this yummy place last Sat. night (July 14, 2012)  I went with a friend in fact the same friend I had been with before.  We were both excited because the food had been so good on our previous visit.  We walked in and there was an solo Entertainer in the front and we asked if we could sit towards the back so it would not be so loud, which they were happy to do for us.  Our charming waiter took our drink order right away and brought them right back and took our order.  We ordered two appetizers, Hummus and Tabbulhu (sorry about the spelling)  then we order the beef and chicken kabobs.  Our appetizers came and the portions was huge !!!  They were delicious and fresh.  Our meals came, same thing , huge and perfect, meat was so tender, seasoned well, the salad that came with it was delicious.  Our meal was perfect.  The place was slamming, it was packed with people the whole time we were there.  Our waiter did a good job especially with the crowd he had to deal with.
The location is a bit strange, but once you find it and know where it is you will surely be back again and again, like I will.
As far as price point, the place is cheap, my kabob meal was 9.95 and I had enough to take home with me.  Appetizers were 4.95 each and we both took some of those home there was so much left, believe me this place is a deal.
The Shish Kabob house is a wonderful family oriented dining experience. A visit to this restaurant was a special treat because I was dining with my sister, brother-in-law, and my darling nephew! 

Of course, dinner was delicious with the first courses being hummus (great texture and flavor), tabuleh (fresh herbs, bright flavors, and a zesty diced tomatoes), and cucumber yogurt (finely diced cucumbers with creamy texture) Overall, I'd give the appetizers a solid 3.5 

For  my main course, both my nephew and I ordered the lamb chops. Our entree came with a side of Greek salad (the salad was a bit wilted and the dressing was bland), Roasted tomato and jalapeno (perfectly charred), rice (a bit soggy), and lamb chops (my medium rare order was actually served medium well, and my nephew's well done order was so over cooked that  even one of the bones split in half when he picked the lamb chop up). However, even though they were over cooked, they still tasted good with only a mild gamey flavor. Overall, I'd give the main entree a 3.0

The service however was excellent. Our server was attentive and persistent. He had a cheery demeanor, happily provided us with our special requests (extra lemons ~ great drizzled over the lamb chops, and tabasco sauce for my brother in law's lula kabob.) Overall, I'd rate the service a solid 4.0

Lastly, the ambiance was very nice. They had a birthday party celebration and the restaurant was fully booked which my have accounted for the food being over cooked as in previous dining experiences, according to my sister, the food was much better prepared. 

Tips: They accept Restaurant.com gift cards, bring a little extra soy sauce to complement the rice (my nephew's advice), and request for the salad dressing to be served on the side. Also, they have live entertainment on Saturdays which would make for a great date night! 

Price: 
Appetizers $4.95
Entrees: $7.95 - $14.95
Beverages: $1.50 - $3.00
Wine & Spirits are also served

Food Paparazzi's Overall Score: 3.5 
Would I come back? Yes (Great value and good times!)

FP Signing out! Chow Baby! :)
I usually error on the side of less stars but for Shish Kabob House i'm erroring on the side of more stars.  This food is great.  Every time i've eaten here my meal is excellent.  The hummas and pita are great.  The meats are spectacular and the rice is also wonderful.  Ok, here are the negatives:  1.  Service can be god aweful slow.  2.  When they have private parties or big catering jobs they don't open the restaurant. 3.  No liquor licence.  Other than that, I love this place.
I went to lunch with the folks and was pleasantly surprised. This is not your average shish kabob place. I have never eaten anything so good. It was wonderful.

Great food , great service, convenient location to everything in Las Vegas ... I will definitely mark this as one of my favorite places to eat!
This is one of the best middle eastern places in town, easily.

All the small dishes like the hummus and salads are fresh and flavorful. The entrees are also great. You end up, every time, with more food than you know what to do with. For two people, I'd recommend getting one entree, hummus, and the Armenian salads. Entrees are usually composed of plenty of meat, a salad, a ton of rice or fries, and a roasted tomato. Oh yeah, and a pita bread. It's a lot for $8-9.

The downsides: you don't have a lot of choices in terms of what to order. Also, the service is slow and inconsistent.

The place is a bit invisible if you've never been to it before. They've steadily upgraded the interior over time. Really great place for take-out. Definitely worth eating there if you're in the area.
I took the family over to have dinner after some good recommendations from friends.  It's now my top choice for Mediterranean food.  I ordered hummus and tabouli salad as appetizers.  Both were excellent.  For the main course, I ordered the salmon/shrimp plate, the combo plate with 3 or 4 different meats, and a gyro dish.  The dishes were all very good (except the lukewarm steak fries that came with the gyro) and the portions were huge.  Prices are very reasonable; in fact, I don't know how they can give you so much food for the $7 to $13 I paid for the dishes.  

I would definitely go back whenever I am in the mood for some Mediterranean food.
Saw this place from the street and stopped in to give it a try. I was totally surprised when I walked in. The place is big, with modern decor. There was a stage and microphone set up, so I guess they do live entertainment (I was there for lunch). The food was amazing. I had the chicken & beef kabob with hummus. The portions are more than generous and the staff friendly. I will definitely be back for more!
The food is flavorful and healthy.  My wife introduced me to the Shish Kabob House.  Some drug reps brought it to her work a few times.  She brought home some left overs.  We love ethnic food, but rarely eat Mediterranean style cuisine.  We started with an order of Humus $4.95.  I think that is too much for humus, but it is really good and there is a lot of it.  The humus comes in a large tub and they constantly refill the pita basket.  It is a lot of food.  You will be tempted to fill up on it while waiting for your entree.  The food takes a really long time to come out.  They are so slow.  While waiting we admired the dining area.  Seems to be well decorated.  Not many guests, but lots of family hanging around.  Turns out the place is Armenian, not Greek.  I know nothing of Armenian cuisine, but seems the same to me.  The food finally arrived and the portions were big.  Everything seemed super fresh.  The meat and grilled veggies were hot, juicy, and flavorful.  I love this food.  Plus, grilled items are healthier.  The meat was so juicy, not dried out.  The jalapeno pepper was hot.  I like slicing the tomato on the bed of rice.  The juices run and the rice soaks up the flavor.  I ordered the #19 Combo Kabob $14.95, which came with one pork chop, four pieces of beef kabob, and four pieces of chicken kabob.  Although it was good, I liked the pork chop the least.  My wife ordered the #5 Beef Lula Kabob $8.95.  It is like an uncased sausage grilled on a stick.  The seasoning was wonderful.  I think all entrees come with a Mediterranean salad, pita, grilled tomato, grilled jalapeno pepper, and white rice.  We could not finish the food and had to get a to-go-box.  I could not leave without a piece of baklava.  It taste good, but one little piece cost $2.95.  I think that cost too much for such a small piece.  I really, really like this place and recommend it highly, but beware, they are so slow and some of the pricing is a bit high.  (Entrees are priced fairly, but appetizer and dessert are a little high.)  Also, we went back twice since then and every time the food was so, so slow.  Don't try to squeeze this place in for a work lunch.
Really nice place, staff ( all waitresses ) very pleasant and efficient. Sad to say that out of such a large menu only ONE dish was Halal! So my wife and I settled for lamb chops. AWESOME
After being in Vegas for a week now, and will be here for another week, I was craving for some good Armenian food and found this place on Yelp. 

Coming from L.a, and being Armenian, my standards are pretty high when it comes to our food. Glad to say, this place did not disappoint.  Food was delicious(had beef and chicken kabob). Plate came with rice and salad.

They have a really nice alcohol menu, the place was nice and clean and the service was on par.

Definitely will be going back to pig out again!
They have the worst service! When you order your food, you better be prepared to wait forever! I ordered two dinners and it took them 45 mins to get my food to the table. Then I complained to the manager and he said they are busy but didn't make me feel better. I have eaten here many times but I don't see my self coming back due to the lack of service and the chef takes too long to cook. The food taste good but not worth the wait.
Being a very  picky person on food this place is dazzling, the greatest kabobs ever.
The staff is very quick and professional. Plate came with good portions. They have a good alcohol menu. I liked the enviroment with live music, very cozy. Would definetly come back.
My first thought as I walked into Shish Kabob House was "What a weird setup." The room is very large and open with a small stage and TV on one end and there are plenty of tables - it kinda reminded me of a cafeteria with tablecloths and cigarette-singed seats. The food on the other hand, is frickin' delicious. Comparably good as some pricier mediterranean joints. Must try their grilled meats like chicken and steak kabobs. But what keeps me coming back? Their lamb chops. Perfectly chargrilled, flavorful, not at all gamey and super cheap. For around $15,  around 4-5 chops with a generous helping of salad and rice is an awesome deal.
almost every week i have to be in shish kebob house they are really professional taste of the foods and environment is very friendly and you may find any food from middle east my favorite food is number 6 I like lamb chops also.
servers are very neat and nice shoghik  and a latina girl they normally helping me which they are really nice to costumers actually all of them, they are really professorial, and food is the best I seriously recommend this restaurant to who ever wants to eat Mediterranean  food .
this is the best of Mediterranean restaurant at this time in las vegas.
Three years of living in Vegas and passing by this place atleast a dozen times, thinking I've got to try this, well, today was the day. Assuming it is a "Middle Eastern" restaurant, the waitress proudly mentioned it is actually an  Armenian Restaurant, but most of the dishes are interpretations of popular  "Mediterranean dishes".  I stand corrected, seriously, I appreciate the correction.  

Let's start from the beginning.  Waited to be seated about 2 minutes, but was graciously welcomed once acknowledged.  While waiting, I notice the decor was tasteful, simple, yet warm and the lighting soft, which distracted for the asbestos drop ceiling.  We were then seated and no one came back for atleast 10 minutes. I really wished someone would have dropped off atleast water and asked if we had any questions, but when the waitress came, her full attention was on us. 

At first, I wish the menus were a bit more sophisticated than a two-sided laminated 8 x 11 page with low resolution pictures and prices...even the wine menu looked like more effort was spent on it, thought it was also a laminated page, just better paper.  However, given the price point of the food (bargain!), pleasant setting, and nice service when attention is on you, who really cares?

We ordered our alcoholic drinks and our main entrees.  The wine list has ordinary wines (Yellowtail, Columbia Two-Vines), but all so had a few wines from their homeland.  However, regrettable I ordered a Two-Vines Merlot instead of trying Areni (Sp?), a dry red wine from either Armenia or neighboring Georgia.  My husband initially ordered a beer listed on their menu, but no longer have, the waitress sweetly and proudly convinced my husband to try one of their Armenian beers, which he was pleasantly surprised at the quality and taste.  Wines are pleasant prices around $5 bucks, beers are even a bit less.

It took about 5 more minutes to receive our drinks and wine, and about 20 minutes to receive our food.  I took this as a good sign that the food was cooked to order, when ordered. I had the lamb chops.  The waitress happily obliged my request to substitute additional salad for rice or fries.  My husband ordered the Beef Lulu and beef kebab.  The food: Beyond expectations, it came out hot, freshly made/prepared as requested, and very, very tasty, especially given the price point.   Honestly, I have been at restaurants that have lamb chops on the menu which are half the portion at twice the price, and nothing was prepared as well as Shish Kebab House....even my husband devoured my other two chops as he constantly expressed that they didn't taste "gamey".  Thanks hun, for finishing off my lunch tomorrow.  (LOL)

I love the waitress' confidence and pride in the food she served.  She chuckled as she confirmed we were pleased with our dishes, since there was nothing left on our plates.  What she doesn't even know is that we weren't even "hungry" yet we "managed" to finish our food.  

While service is a bit slow for my liking, the waitress was polite and there is no denying this is good food for a good value.  You will not be disappointed and you will be a fan too! I cannot wait to come back!
Love the kabob combo plate with pork.
Not sure why this place only has a 3.5 rating, everything I've tried here is amazing. From the hummus to the rice, everything is delicious. I especially enjoy the chicken, beef, and pork chops. The rice is creamy with butter and melts in your mouth. This is definitely a great place for a healthy eating lifestyle.
The hummus was quite good but the service and entre were horrible. The food was all over cooked and when I requested to have a replacement they said that the kitchen is closing soon and I should just deal with it. I complained to the manager and he was so rude and actually told me that he didnt care if I ever came back. Dont bother not worth the trip.
Yummy kabobs!
Lamb chops were delicious but the side  dishes were not so great. Rice had no flavor and salad was store-bought. Atmosphere inside the restaurant is lovely.
I saw a friend check in here and decided that I had to try this place as I am a big fan of kabobs. I stopped by to order some food to-go and was pleasantly surprised with a very nicely decorated restaurant. I was greeted once I walked in and ordered a beef lula and beef kabob combination plates with rice/salad and a hummus appetizer. They have a wide variety of other combination plates that you can order at very reasonable prices. The hummus appetizer was a good size for the price as well and I would like to go back and try the eggplant caviar and some of the other meat combinations.

While I was waiting for my food, they did have a performer as well that was playing the keyboard and singing. Will definitely go back again to get food to go and will probably end up eating in sometime too.
We are fans of shishkabobs and have gone to several restaurants around Vegas for them. Hedarys has been our favorite for a long time. A friend recommended this restaurant and we drove 45 min to try their foods. We were not disappointed. In fact we were delighted to have found this restaurant. The foods were top notch and the service was good. The place was clean and spacious and not pretentious. We tried their beef, chicken and lamb Kabobs as well as their lamb chops. The meat was well marinated and cooked just right, tender, tasty, well presented in good amounts. The Armenian salad was great with excellent spices and was very fresh. The bread was fresh and warm. The only item that could be improved is the white rice without any seasoning, which could have been on purpose because of the seasoning  of the meats. We will be back. It ranks right up there with Hedarys in our book.
Tasty middle eastern food...service was great too.
TL;DR - This review is based on obtaining Take-Out.  Waited twice as long as estimated time, price of food was 3 dollars higher than told over the phone.  Service was unexpected and saddening.

I logged back onto yelp after two years just to write a review for Shish Kabob House.  Before I continue any further I would like to say that the food is definitely fine, however; much is to be desired in my opinion with the service.

Order: Chicken Lula with Beef Kabob.

Ordered at 11:59 am, I was told over the phone that this specific combination is not available on the menu.  The order taker re-assured me that it's fine, she will put it in and that my total will come out to be 9.95 since it comes as a "special order".  I am fine with this, any other order that relates to this one is around 9.95 and 8.95.  This is completely reasonable.  The order will be ready in ABOUT 15 minutes.

I arrive at the restaurant at 12:04, much earlier than anticipated.  One waitress (out of three) notices me after sitting for about 5 minutes and proceeds to ask me if I have been seated.  I inform her that I ordered over the phone and that I am aware it should not be ready.  She is friendly and acknowledges my comment and continues to do her job.   

The next time I check my phone is 12:22.  I look around and see there are a maximum of six tables occupied in the restaurant.  I sit for another three minutes, and that is when the same waitress is kind enough to check on my order for me.  12:27, a gentleman walks in and is immediately seated, and his food arrives a minute after himself.  I can only assume this gentleman had also ordered his food over the phone.  By this time I realize EVERYONE has their food.  At least two tables excluding the lone gentleman came after me.  

At 12:29:50 (which is what the receipt says) I am handed my check by the same waitress and am told that my total will be $12.92.  Absent-minded I hand my card over, but I catch myself as she is ringing me up.  

----------What occurs next is what I am most discontent over---------

Up until this point I have waited patiently for 30 minutes on an order that was supposed to take 15 minutes.  During those 30 minutes I watched as everyone got their food, people before I came in and after I came in.  

I stopped the waitress and explained that perhaps the price is wrong, and that I was told over the phone it was going to be $9.95.  Immediately I got a tone and haste that I only know too well myself having worked over two years in the service in industry; "I work here and I know I am right, let me not only prove it, but also now try to rush our interaction so I can continue my job."  I was not questioning her knowledge of the service at the store, and up until this point she was extremely friendly and attentive.  She proceeded to show me the menu and the $11.95 priced Beef Kabob and explain her reasoning, to which she stated three times in rapid succession the reason why it's $12.92 is because "it is an inconvenience for the chefs".  However; EVERY combos item (beef lula/chicken kabob, etc) is in the 8.95-9.95 range.  So how is it I am being charged three dollars MORE for a beef kabob/chicken lula combo if there are combos with a beef kabob only priced at 9.95?  I informed her again that I was told a lower price over the phone, and she curtly "apologized" for whoever took my order.   I was handed the card receipt and left at the counter, to which I signed and left the establishment with no acknowledgement or thank you.  

I don't mind paying for food.  I don't mind if I end up having to pay extra for someone else's mistake.   I don't mind waiting longer.  I don't mind watching everyone get their food before me even though they arrive later than myself.  

What I DO mind is being given horrible attitude for a mistake that was NOT made by myself.  Of course I don't want to pay extra for something that was originally going to be another price, and there should be an air of courtesy tied to that.  Our time could has easily been resolved is I was told, " I'm very sorry about that, our waitress made a mistake.  I realize also that your order took much longer than expected, allow me to charge you the price that was discussed over the phone.  However; for next time this same combination will cost you $12.92."

What I wrote above is acceptable service.  That is courteous service.  That is service that will make me return again and again.  I would return JUST for the same combination at $12.92 if that was the conversation we had. But that is not the case.  Instead I was treated as if "these mistakes happen often and that I need to suck it up and pay and leave."  If we weren't jostling over three dollars, they would have made way more in my return.

Although the food was fine, the experience left a very sour taste in my mouth.  I don't believe I will be headed back anytime soon.
I tried this place again 4 times in a row for delivery on my trip to Vegas and the food is even better than before.Their portions are huge and it delivers huge flavor.I started eating sea food recently and their salmon kabob is amazing.It so simple with just salt and pepper but the fish is fresh and tastes amazing
I dont know how they cook their rice but its probably a secret technique and you could just eat the rice as is.
Kraffi was very helpful on the phone and their delivery takes time, so plan accordingly
Must trys:-
Toubouleh,
Armenian Salad
Dolmas
Salmon Kabobs
Beef Lula Kabobs(friends recommendations)
Great job Shish Kabob House..you guys rock
It's unfortunate for you that serving good food I am forced to give you an OK.
The customer service is HORRIBLE.  I have decided to just order food for pick up and even doing it like this, I have to have an unpleasant experience.  They either mistake my order, or charge me different every time, or take forever bringing stuff to the table, or something....
I am not too sure if it is the culture difference or what it is, but the waitresses here are VERY RUDE.
The food is really good and I have to say it is probably one of the best Salmon kabobs ever and they have the best rice!  Their hummus is also very very good.  Even though I don't like their service, I order from here at least once a week because it is awesome food and it reminds me kinda what I ate back home in Colombia.
If you want to eat here, my advise is call to get delivery or just pick it up.  Deliveries take at least an hour!
Ugh!  This place used to rock. The Armenian salad was super salty, the steak in the #7 tastes like it had been marinated in soy sauce and was not very tender. The chicken had a rubbery quality to it. I really root for small business, especially when they put out an awesome product. Even with the restaurant.com GC, it wasn't worth it. Zaytoon puts out a much better product. I'll probably come back here, but probably not until 2014.
There was a large sign on the front door indicating the main dining room was closed for a private function and directing us to a second room a few doors down that looked like it was primarily used for small parties.

The room was pretty full for a Tuesday night with a steady stream of diners arriving throughout our stay, but service was better than expected. We each ordered a combo kabob plate that included chicken, beef and lula kabobs plus 2 lamb chops. Also included were pita bread, salad and rice. All the meat was cooked more thoroughly than we prefer, but the seasoning was delicious and each morsel was tender. The singular disappointment was the industrial pita bread that was dry and flavorless.
The food was delicious and the service was great! Our waitress was friendly, sweet and attentive. I couldn't ask for anything more.
Very nice and clean place.. The food was the best..
I been to this place several times. I loved food and service so much every time I go, and time to give them five stars and write a review! My friend and I order combination kabab,eqggplant caviar and hummus. Combination kabab is one that i usually get and it is with beef,pork,lamb and some kind of sausage looking meat loaf. Meats were cook perfectly and seasoned  just right! eggplant caviar and hummus came with flat bread. They are only about 5 dollar but it was big portion compare to price. Oh! I tried a yogurt drink which had very healthy taste(no sugar or flavor) but I liked it!
The food was ok but the reason this place received one star was because the customer service was by far the worst ever. I get there it took literally 30 plus minutes to get pita n hummus and a drink. There were maybe 3/4 other tables that's it. Took almost another 45 to get our food. The waiter wasn't attentive at all I had to wave him down every time. Horrible
This is my absolute favorite for Greek salad & shish kabob! When I want Mediterranean this is my go to place. 

I have used them for a business luncheon in the private room and the presentation was awesome and the service excellent. My group loved it and the feedback on the venue was very positive.
Great food, decently priced, and generous portions. However, I do not recommend ordering for pickup or delivery. My wife and I have ordered here religiously, (because we love the food) but the experience has been less than favorable. Delivery takes over an hour, which would be fine if the order was delivered as ordered. It seems every other order has been incorrect or cold. 

The last order we placed came 72 minutes after being placed, was cold and they had forgotten our beverages. I called to inquire and check on the possibility of the beverages being delivered, and the response I had gotten was that they wouldn't be delivered. My money would not be refunded. They offered to give me free beverages on my next delivery, but I'll never order again. There have been too many mistakes and inconsistencies with delivery, so I'd only recommend this location for a dine in experience.
My favorite place for kabobs in Las Vegas.  This is my 4th visit and the food, service and the prices are great.
Patience is a virtue.  Good things come to those who wait.  Get my drift.  Expect a bit of a wait for the food to arrive here even if you just order the fresh hummus which I do.  Everything is made to order.  So, the food tastes hot and fresh always.
This restaurant is as good as it gets!!! Great service, amazing food and the best beer in town! Price is right too! The grilled meats are amazing.... We shared chicken, beef and pork chops.... Superb!!! The tabeleh is a great starter! I recommend to anyone!!!
This place USED to be my go to for beef kabobs.  I didn't mind the wait since I know I'd be getting fresh and quality food. But not anymore. During our last two visits, their beef kabobs is not as fresh as it used to. Meat has a distinct off taste to it, texture wasn't right. Their rice is not the same either. Chicken is decent.
This place is damned tasty. The meat is tender, well marinated, and very reasonably priced. The rice it usually comes on is also delicious. 
The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because the menus look like those cheap fliers people leave on your car windows.
Solid four stars- killer for business lunch and get the lamb chops. Great with family also, just solid Kabob fare. Check them out during the weekend nights for so crazy Armenian music star to drop hey and do a set. It's a good time even if you don't like the music. I probably go at least once a month for a business lunch. Not disappointed yet. Page tan Armenian Salad with a kabob for lunch and always ask for the sumac condiment and some roasted jalapeos.
Salmon was delicious! Taziki and hummus was killer.. Chicken was a little dry. Service was impeccable! Will be back / still looking for spicy feta and more pita sandwich selection
Great food but only gets 3 stars from me because of their lousy service. And they keep raising their prices! The place is very busy most of the time, so the wait for the table or the food is very long. Order before you get there.
I living in Vegas for 3 years I tried a lot of Mediterranean restaurant. I are here after a friend recommend it and I'm just amazed big dishes big smilies.. And the food just amazing better then any other place... Highly recommended..!!
I was here with a big GROUP and i do not know how People give this place more than 2 stars!  The meat was overcooked, service slow and the place very rundown. Usually the reviews are spot on but this place was a complete miss!
I wanted to go to a casual Mediterranean eatery so I was a little set back when I saw how nicely it was decorated. I didn't want to pay top dollar for food that I know I could get at Yassou's for a decent price. My worries were put to rest when I saw the menu  because it looked really casual. It looked like a fast food menu with prices to match! 
I ordered a mix of beef and chicken with rice. When I first saw the rice wasn't yellow I wasn't sure what to think. (I was brought up on yellow Mediterranean rice with plenty of turmeric) The rice was delicious and the meat was tender. I thought. I would like the beef better but they were both equally yummy! The salad that came with the meal was fresh and crisp. 

The Shish Kabob House is a great place to sit down to great meal and it is affordable too!
Appearance can be very, very deceiving. From a little Mediterranean joint, this place came a long way. Very fancy decor and I believe they have live music instruments as well. I went there after seeing it a while back expecting the same corner food joint, instead we found a chic restaurant that looks like something you'd see on food network with the lack of a proper host and cloth napkin.

The food sucks and let me point out why. With appetizer (Domas), we were given the store bought and cold PITA bread (Notice the caps) with nothing to dip it with and with no butter. Rice with the order of # 7 were the type of rice they serve with Enchiladas. Chicken Kabobs were dry and the beef kabobs were unevenly cook. Some were well done while other were mid-well. Did I mention the paper menu which resembles the pizza menu you get on your door locks. Salad was just ok.

Service was somewhat impressive. Our server was very polite and gave a very professional impression. Halfway between ordering and getting our food, the music stops causing an uncomfortable amount of silence. 5 mins later, it resumed again. I couldn't actually tell where the music was from, didn't sound like Arabic or Persian. Could be Pashto.

In short, if you go for the food, don't expect anything close to Fresh Kabob on Sunset/Eastern where they serves fresh bread and Basmati rice. Pay $14 for plate with 6 pieces of Kabob look-alike Meat, rice you'd find in a Mexican taco shop with store bought pita bread but decor like a fancy restaurant at the strip. This is a classic example of when neighborhood food joints try to become a fancy restaurant and forget what got them a 3 thousand square-feet restaurant, THE FOOD.
I freakin' love this place! You must try it! I always get the chicken kabob with rice. Their food is amazing, and their prices are nice! lol
This is the 2nd time we visited Shish Kabob House. The first time, the service was really slow. We thought it might be different, so we came back a second time and the service was worse.

We had reservations at 6:30pm and we were seated right away, but we sat there for 20 minutes before anyone came to our table to take our order. We finally ordered 3 hummus & pita, 2 Greek salads, and two Kabob Platters (beef kabob, chicken kabob, chicken lula kabob, beef lula kabob, rice , French fries.) They ran out of pork kabob. 

We finally got our water, hummus and pitas, and the Greek Salads, but we couldn't eat our salad because we didn't have any plates or utensils. We had to wait another 10 minutes to get our plates and utensils.

The food is pretty good, but I don't recommend going to this restaurant if you value good customer service. Unfortunately, we don't plan on coming back.
I don't really consider myself a regular at any Vegas restaurant but Shish Kabob House (SKH from here on out) would come closest to that for me.  I probably eat here at least 6 times a year.  I only get takeout and have never dined here.    

It is downright AMAZING that not only have they stayed in business this long but thrived.  When so many restaurants have come and gone since they opened, SKH has been consistently great for 5+ years and there really aren't any other businesses nearby that contribute to their success.  People come to this rinky dink plaza for their delicious food.  That's it.

I love their huge combo platter that's around $15.  You get salad, rice or fries, and just a mountain of meats.  Even though Armenia and Brazil are miles away from each other, I deem this platter (explosion!) THE POOR MAN'S FOGO DE CHAO ow ow ow ow!  You get lamb, steak, chicken and lula all in one box.  Sure it's not AYCE but congratulations to you if you can finish this whole thing in one sitting.  My wife and I split this.  It's also $30 cheaper than Fogo so double boom.

****Review #100 for 2013!!!
This place was gross. What is up with the gnarly middle eastern restaurants here in Vegas??? First of all who fries their meat skewers? Gross!!! And cold pita bread? I wouldnt recommend this place unless you want bland fried food!
Great food. You must try the salmon. The service is ok. It takes forever and the people working here never seem to be around. They weren't rude or inappropriate, just careless and nonchalant. I love the feel of the restaurant, not even close to what I expected. Much more upscale than you would imagine. Overall I am very pleased and when I have nothing to do but have a great meal I will certainly be back.
Walking up to the restaurant it was hard for me to figure out how to get inside. The first door I tried was locked and so was the second door I tried. I guess it was third time's a charm. I almost gave up thinking they were closed for a private party, but I persevered.

The restaurant is much larger than I was expecting. Very nice as well. They have a little stage near the entrance that, so I look forward to checking this place out on the weekends. Their menu is very well-priced. I was impressed with how inexpensive everything is. I ordered a gyro plate and combination kabob platter to-go. The wait was a little long and as I sat there I noticed a few patrons having to flag down the waitress to order, ask for menus, refills and drinks. The servers were all really nice and kept checking on me while I waited. 

After about 30-40 minutes, my food was ready, I paid my check and was on my way. When I arrived home, I was surprised to find the huge portions of the food. For about $23 and change I ended up with food enough for three people. The gyro was just ok, but our favorite was the kabob platter. It comes with your choice of 2 pork or lamb chops, some chicken and beef kabobs. It also comes with steak fries, a large side salad and some rice. So much food and so affordable. The meat was great, perfectly cooked, moist and very flavorful. 

I can't believe I have been passing this place for so many years without giving them a try. I will be back... and often.
This restaurant has been a family favorite for 5 years now. I first celebrated my sons 1st birthday there. My guests from California were impressed with the food and the service.  Over the years we have turned to Shish Kabob House for so many different occasions and have always been SATISFIED! Most recently my second child's birthday was a hit thanks to the owner and the amazing staff!!! I had them cater the food and provide all the rentals to accommodate my family event! I am left speechless!! Perfect, is the only word that comes to mind when I think of this place!! Highly recommend!
This place is the most delicious food I've ever tasded.  Every time I'm in vegas I'll pay a visit. Especially lamb barbecue. This place is great! I love the service, everyone should understand why the food is delicious? It's because they cook individually. Everything is fresh and delicious. Prices are great. I will highly recomend everyone. Go and you won't regret.
Food was awesome! Chicken kabob was seasoned to perfection and the hummas was delicious. Will definitely come back soon.
I was coming to this place often but today it was horrible, we waited awhile to be seated and we got seated it took them awhile to ask our orders, the service was bad, our waitress Rosie has no manners at all, she brought our food laughing with another waitress, and then later on she came back to our table to ask if we need something before I could answer that I need a drink refill she left and started talking to another customer. I don't know is she is new to waiting customers but she definitely needs to improve herself.
food was just ok nothing great, have had better lamb chops, liked dessert better than the entree
Great food, great service, a good place for a party. The gyros are really delicious. The beef Lula is the best in town. The lamb chops are my wife's and my mom's favorite. We never had a bad meal here. I highly recommend this restaurant. Even though I only have four check in's we must have been here at least twenty times.
Food was good. Service was shit. Waited about 20 minutes for half of the drinks we ordered, another 15 minutes for a water and iced tea. On top of that another 40 minutes for our food. Our server kept avoiding us and rolled her eyes countless times. First and last time here.
I love middle eastern food! Love their chicken breast kabob, tabbouleh and hummus! Definitely worth the visit! Huge servings! I would have given this a 4 star rating but the service is very slow.
This place is very good for the price.  I always get the beef lula and I only had a bad one only once.  I've been there 4 times now and the last time I went the lula and everything just didn't taste the same as the other times I went there.
Was looking for Turkish food with my father, place I found was closed on a Saturday, who the hell is closed on a Saturday? He remembered seeing a place when he and my mother drive around.

We found the place, very attractive waitresses, thoroughly impressed with the scenery. Though it did have a Russian mob feel to the place, like there were mafioso types in the back room plotting how to capture more women for the sex space business.

Either than the nagging feeling that these incredibly hot looking servers were being held against their will by the Russian mafia. The food was incredibly good. I would definitely go back in like 2 months to see if the wait staff has had a 100% turnover. Makes you kind of think... Hmmm...
Fair prices, food is ok for the price listed. Not giving a five star, as the last 2 times I have been there the chicken was uncooked. Overall they have the best spas soup in town.
Food is excellent, great prices, nice comfortable place, highly recommend it. Lots of parking, live music on the weekends. I got the combo dish you can't go wrong delicious and filling...
Waking in and the recent news purporting the death of the lounge singer is put to rest. Will get his name next time. And, let me assure you, there will be a next time!

First of all, pomegranate wine. A tad on the sweet side but worth buying a bottle. 
Where to go from there? 
Dinner salad was a dinner salad. Nuff said about that.
Lamb Kabob was great (thanks darling for sharing!).
I got the Beef and Chicken Lula. Chicken was moist and delish. Beef was the same.
I do think that I should have followed out hosts lead and got the combo platter. More variety. Lamb chops looked divine.
If it had been the wife with the combo plate, I would have sampled.
But... manners do have their place.
Way too much food to contemplate dessert so will plan accordingly next time.
Love the food! Best meat kabobs I've had.the rice is to die for ! The hummus is yum! So well worth it ..,but the service could be a little better, maybe faster ?... Usually order and take it home because my kids get restless waiting for a long time.
I love this place! Very fancy setting inside with live music in the evenings. Very surprising their menu is the same all day and the prices are very reasonable prices. I found this place originally on Restaurant.com. They have a $10 certificate for only about $4. Pretty good reason to give them a try, you won't regret it.
I have eaten at this place before and enjoyed it. I was close by so I figured I was gonna get something to go. I've sat in front for a good 10 min. The sign says please wait to be seated. A couple patrons arrived and waited for a couple minutes and decided to sit themselves. I have made eye contact with a couple waiters and they did not even make any effort to acknowledge my presence! There are several tables of customers but it didn't look hectic at all. I'm sure I can find a better Meditteranian restaurant and be treated better than this. I  never going back to this establishment.
Decided to stop by Saturday afternoon for a quick lunch.

We walked in, and were welcomed and asked to sit anywhere we'd like.  

Sat down, and waited...and waited...and waited...

Ok, it really wasn't THAT long of a wait, maybe 5 minutes or so, but...the restaurant wasn't busy, and there was a server just standing up at the front of the restaurant doing nothing.  

Our server finally came over and gave us menus, and took our water order.  

We asked the server for a recommendation on the appetizer, and she recommended the smoked salmon.  (After a brief misunderstanding about which two we were deciding on).  

When the salmon came out...it was glistening.  They had absolutely DRENCHED it in olive oil!  Why?  Smoked salmon doesn't need anything on it, its delicious on its own...my bf  and I tried one small piece each, and sent it back.  They sent another one that had far less oil, and tasted much better.

The hummus was ok. I've had better store bought hummus, but I've also had WAY worse.  There was a lot of oil pooling on the outside of the hummus dish here as well, but that doesn't really bother me too much...I've seen and had worse.  I'd have liked to have had just a hint more garlic in this batch of hummus, but it was good enough that my fella ate it, and he's not the biggest fan of hummus.

I ordered the grape leaves, which were very good.  
Although...I asked if they were vegetarian (not that I care, I was just curious, because I've had them both ways) and the server's response was:  "Oh, yes, vegetarian.  You know, just rice and meat."  Um...what?  Is there meat or isn't there?  

The redeeming quality, and what is keeping this a 3 star review instead of 2 stars, is the kababs. 

The beef and the chicken kebabs were both tender, juicy, and very flavorful.  
The rice it was served on was overcooked slightly, and the salad that they served with it (once again) had a touch too much oil, but the flavor of the meat was wonderful.

I'd like to try this place again, perhaps it was an off day?  They deliver, and are right around the corner from where I live, so I will definitely go back, or order in.
I order take out for business lunches here at least once a week through Restaurants On The Run (best service ever by the way), and this restaurant is consistently amazing quality for a fabulous price. Their catering menu is fantastic food at a super low per-person price. Beef is amazing. Hummus is my fave! Love this place!
The place was so packed, must be so popular. Our server Sophie is the nicest lady around, very attentive and accommodating. I would probably only trek here due to her personalized service. After a day at the pool on a toasty summer day, Mediterranean is the remedy. My gal and I started with the grape leaves, flavorful & yummy!!!! To pair with our bread we ordered the cucumber yoghurt, it's as if they diced the dill and added it there in front of us. Finally for the perfect summer cool, Greek salad with chicken kebab or salmon. The portion was huge and prices were reasonable. The only thing they could've improved on is that my chick kebab was a little dry and burnt....uh oh. Nonetheless, overall it was an experience worth having. We sat outside in these small cafe side tables, so quaint. Don't forget to try the lemonade with some fresh mint to cool you off!
We ordered from here yesterday, and it took about an hour for them to deliver to us. Overall I had a satisfying experience with this restaurant. Had the Chicken Finger, and cheeseburger surprisingly was very good and tasteful.
Fresh,savory,& tasty food...great customer services all staff very friendly.highly recommended! Hummus is great... #7
Yum hmm Yum tastes like the homeland. Authentic but modern with a relaxing ambiance. Great prices, high quality and good service. Thanks lunch specials are awesome. Musicians at night for a great eat and relaxation.
Horrible service! This place is stuffy and makes me very claustrophobic. Felt uncomfortable and was continuously eyeballed by two females with a unibrow. Not my cup of tea.
Good food but really slow service.. Only 2 server at 6 pm.. It takes 20 min to get only water.. People waiting at the door and no one doesn't care them..
Yes, I am now a Fan of this Shish Kabob House!
I recently asked a Russian M.D. for his recommendation for a local restaurant from his ethnic group. He suggested this place, and my wife and me were not disapointed whatsoever. Next time I plan to try the "Borsch" (Russian soup) and Quail.
This past weekend I enjoyed the chicken Tabaka, grape leaves, and Lentil soup....all very well prepared and delicious.
I love the combination plate, the salads and grill salmon.
Small friendly place good service too.
Amazing food! I was invited by a business friend who love this place and I am honesty going to say I will love this place too Lol. I like the interior as to me it's reminiscent of places I've been to in China, simple, open and clean. I like their design on the walls and open space provided a nice atmosphere. The servers were really courteous and my cup if water never emptied out. I couldn't drink half the cup of water without having someone refill it. I love that kind of service and great service goes a long way with me. The shrimp and salmon was great and their vegetables soup was a perfect appetizer. 

I recommend everyone try this place at least once. You might like it and you may not but I had a great time here with friends. It is on flamingo off Rainbow going east.
Affordable, authentic Armenian  food with generous portions. Lulu Kabob is delicious! Wish they would include saffron in the rice....will request it next time.
Very excited to review this place. The food was excellent, the service was pretty good (just slow on the drink refills, everything else was good), the atmosphere was nice. Live music and cozy ambiance. 

The salad was excellent, and so was the lamb kabob plate. Prices were great. Portions were HUGE! Overall when I'm in Vegas craving middle eastern cuisine I will be back.
We were visiting Las Vegas and decided to try this place out as we were craving kabobs and we are very glad we found this place.  When we arrived, they were very busy and there were a lot of Armenian people sitting and eating at the restaurant.  It is always a good sign that the food is going to be great when you see people of the same culture/ethnicity eating at a restaurant.  My wife ordered the lamb gyro and I went for the chicken & beef kabob platter.  It took about 30 minutes for the food to be prepared; but, given the plates we saw going to other tables, we were willing to wait.

When our food arrived, it was a lot of food; huge portions.  The chicken and lamb kabob was expertly seasoned and cooked.  My wife loved her gyro.  The rice and salad that comes with the entrees was a perfect complement the entree.

I wish we lived in Las Vegas so we could frequent this place often;but, the best I can do is to encourage and recommend it highly to others.  Oh, and the prices are really good.  The gyros platter was $8.95 and the beef & lamb kabob platter was $10.95.
Way over priced, old furnishings, slow and inattentive staff. We got one hookah that was not lit correctly and when we asked him to light it correctly was rude about and finally gave up so we asked him to get someone else to do it. Which he did and then the problem was fixed. However by this time the small amount of tobacco was already mostly burned up.
They do not give free refills on fountain drinks, ice tea or anything else. No free drinking water. I asked specifically for tap water and he still brought a bottle of cheap drinking water, then charged 2.75 for it. I had already bought one soda for the same price.
The food is alright, however once again overpriced.
On the weekends they do not let African-American people in unless they are with other people. That is terrible, if I would have known they did not I would have not even gone in the first place. I know this because a couple of my friends tried to come in the waiter says there where no tables available. I show up and get a table no problem.
This place is terrible and should be shut down.
This place was really fun, the owner is very friendly and makes you feel like you've known him for years. I will definitely be returning.
I really liked this place a lot.. I came here last weekend with a couple friends since it was the closest hookah lounge to wear we were eating. 

Once you walk in they check your IDs, you only have to be 18 to enter, but they'll make sure you don't get any alcohol. 

The place is decorated with dark colors and fabrics on the ceiling; kind of reminds me of Moroccan decor. It looks kind of old, but it's still very lively. The music is pumping and there's lots of people dancing. Unfortunately I was too shy to dance, but I really wanted to! It was really fun to just sit, smoke some hookah, and people watch. People were getting down like nothing Ive seen before. There were guys gyrating on the floor and girls trying to keep up! 

I'd like to come here again. It's a fun place to go if you're not 21 yet and you can't get into clubs.
Boy was I deceived!

I've come here with my bf 3 different times this week and every single time we've walked in and out immediately because it was SOO DEAD. The days we went were Sunday, Saturday, and Wednesday. The last time I came here was on a Friday and I'm guessing that's their only busy day of the entire week. It was seriously DEAD every other time that we went, no more than 3 groups of people, so sad. I really wanted to come on a Saturday night since THEIR FLYER says that they have belly dancers. When we came in and saw nothing but an empty room my bf asked the manager about the dancers and he said "oh, thats on Thursday." Their flyer says nothing about dancers on Thursday...

I really loved this place the first time we went and I thought it'd be like that every night, but boy was I wrong! 

Don't come here on any day other than Friday.
It was.. an interesting experience coming here. I can say off the top I never tried the food, I came here with a group of friends on a Saturday night. The music was loud, overbearing and the crowd was.. a little less than my personal taste in people .. 
The decor was bad, even for low lighting. 
They could probably use a major make over...
servers were rude
hookah was decent
french fries made my stomach hurt

wont be going back unless i'm forced
This place has gone out of business for quite sometime - and its not surprising. Yelp should update the status.
place shut down and for the right reasons - dirty, bad service, super expensive and they poured cheap Russian spirits in top shelf brand bottles, drinks were literally strip prices. But one thing was for sure - their falafels were amazing as were the shawarma sandwiches and their pickles. Miss it.
I'm not sure how I overlooked this place for so long--I thought I was doomed to make the trek down to Tempe whenever I wanted good authentic Middle Eastern food.

So far I've had their falafel pita, shawerma plate and lamb shish kabob plate.  All have been great. While I slightly prefer the food at Haji Baba's and Efe's/Med Fresh Grill, MEB&D is delicious enough that I can avoid the trip to Tempe. And I noticed some pictures adorning the walls in MEB&D of a wedding they had catered--I've now given up committed bachelorhood for the possibility of a wedding catered with such an awesome Middle Eastern food spread.

My only complaints are technical.   The hours are short: MEB&D closes at 8pm and on all day on Sundays. And the parking lot looks like it could get tight during a busy lunch rush, which I've avoided so far.
I asked a friend at The Arizona Republic if I could write a review on the best falafel in town. He didn't really seem to like the idea and never got back to me. Too bad, because I was looking forward to going to all the other Middle Eastern restaurants in town and comparing their falafel to MEBAD's, which is the best I've had in town so far.

The falafel at MEBAD is usually fantastic. Crispy on the outside, moist and tasty on the inside.  It's not overly oily and I've never had a dry falafel ball. And they're just the right size, about the size of a pinball. Occasionally I'll get a batch that is only slightly warmed up instead of freshly cooked, but they're still quite good.

The falafel sandwich is fine -- there are four or five balls in a pita with fresh lettuce, tomato and tahini for under $5 (I think) -- but I prefer the a la carte order, 5 piece falafel with a side of tahini and fresh pita for a couple bucks. I usually order that as an appetizer,  to share with others or eat myself in addition to a sandwich when I'm extra hungry.

Other than the falafel, I'm partial to the chicken gyros sandwich or plate. It's pieces of grilled chicken breast with lots of yummy middle eastern spices (which I think are still made and sold on premises) and caramelized onions. Couple that with tsatziki sauce + fresh pita and you've got one heck of a meal.

If you've got a sweet tooth, try the rice pudding, it's excellent. The baklava and halvah are great, too, but the pudding is the real winner. Made fresh daily and usually sells out. Now, if they could only make a dessert out of falafel....
Nice Falafel balls.
100 percent authentic dining experience, I felt like I was in  another country.  My shawawma pita had very good flavor with just the right spices.  The hummus was good, but I prefer the hummus of Pita Jungle to be honest.  Can't wait to go back and try more items menu looks great.

Keep in mind this is a deli, not a fancy restaurant, so you order at the counter and dine on small uneven tables.  Good lunch spot.  

Everything in the deli/store looked very good with some unusual items.
What a fantastic place! I've been here many times and never had a complaint. The chicken tandoori salad is wonderful! Out of the ordinary and very tasty. Babaganoush is extraordinary. Doesn't look like much, but what a flavor! Their pita sandwiches are outstanding whether it is the chicken, lamb, falafel or babaganoush. Go outside the box and try something new here as I've yet to be disappointed.
I can't say enough about this place. I love to get lunch there, and leave with stuff to-go. They have some incredible home-made olives with different spices. I am an olive snob and can't say enough about them. You can also get hummus and baba ghanooj to go, as well as their freshly made (they are a bakery) pitas.  They also have some interesting mixes, canned beans, etc. They have a lot of Sadaf products which is cool because I used to actually mail order from them once in a while! 

On the lunch side, I love all their vegetarian food and often get a vegetarian platter or falafel sandwich or plate, etc. Their tabouli is out of this world good - lots of fresh mint and parsley, lemon juice, it's perfect if you are into the Lebanese taste. I've never ordered meat there but I've seen other people order it and it looked great. The food is delicious and home made tasting. Their baklava is superb. Split some with your lunch mate. 

If I were to succinctly describe their food it is fresh, healthy, authentic, and delicious. 

I gave it 5 stars. Not 5 stars like a fine dining type restaurant - 5 stars because they do their type of ethnic food with unfailing perfection and authenticity and consistency across multiple visits. 

Middle Eastern Bakery is keepin it REAL yo! ( blatant fishing for cool ratings!)
I decided to come here for lunch and I got the shawawma plate with rice, spinach and yogurt, hummus, and a house-made pita. The shawawma was tasty, the spinach and yogurt everyone were really good, the rice was a bit over cooked, but I add the sumac powder and butter and it even makes it better.  The hummus was kind of bland. The cashier lady awesome, very friendly.  I would come here again.
Creeping senility: I thought I'd reviewed this place in 2005. The public area is probably about 600 square feet, but every inch is jammed with Fertile Crescent / Mediterranean goodness.

This is a bakery, restaurant, and grocery. The restaurant part of the operation has a an extensive menu of flesh-based and vegetarian options. There are plates, salads, and sandwiches. The plates (kebabs, gyros, etc,.) usually come with a decadent rice pilaf, your choice of tabbouleh or Greek salad, and tsatsiki. There are a few grilled chicken dishes, and the chicken is always moist with a nice char.

MEB&D also bottles its own spices. Not as diverse as Penzey's, but it's nice to have an option on 16th St. Hat tip to Adam M. on the olives -- they're delicious.

Dessert? They serve different forms of baklava, turkish coffee, and homemade halvah (they'll slice off a piece with a scimitar-looking blade for a sample -- impress your friends!).

Tips:
- You can buy Greek tobacco soap.
- The soup of the day is always avgolemono. It always will be until the mountains crumble and our love is through. Sometimes there's an excellent red lentil as a second option. 
- They have great par-cooked or reheatable stuff  -- it's in the frozen section.
- MEB&D is an effective and affordable option to cater a party on short notice (I've done this).

IMO the whole is greater than the sum of the parts. The components are all four-star, but the place gets the fifth for the "park-once, enjoy-many" experience.
Don't let the look of the place scare you off. 

It's a small and cramped store in a little strip mall along 16th Street right north of Thomas.  It has a small store on one side of the building and a small counter on the other side with a few beat up tables to sit at and eat.

Like I said....don't let the look of the place scare you off. 

The food is excellent. Always enjoy everything I order. 

The falafel pita sandwich is always tasty....some of the softest yet crunchiest falafel I've had....good stuff. Have tried the gyros sandwich too. Great flavor and their sauce just adds to the enjoyment of the sandwich.

But the hummus is what I go for. The best hummus I've ever had. Don't know what they do to it...but it's just always so rich and creamy. And has that 'nutty' flavor to it also. 

Buy some of their freshly made pita bread....some fresh hummus....and you're set.

A small hidden treasure of central Phoenix.
Had a great lunch here with my friends Sherry and Brandon. The two owners (I am guessing here, but father and son?) were very friendly and attentive. I had the baba ganouj pita with lettuce and tomato, and everyone else's food looked great (a chicken pita sandwhich and amazing looking lentil soup). I was throroughly entertained by a middle eastern television show (satellite I guess?), and the great mix of locals and business people. The market section is also great- you'll find loads of bottled cooking oils, spices, pickles and other pickled veggies, canned eggplant, cous cous and pastas, as well a fridge section with nice looking prepared foods. Will definitely return!
This place has very authentic middle eastern food that will leave you satisfied and is probably my favorite in all of Phoenix. Expect great flavors, fresh ingredients, good service and a place to buy in bulk many of the components of the meal you order there.

I recommend the combo plate for you first time- you get to try a little bit of everything- the hummus, tabouleh, babaganouj, falafel, dolmas, kibbeh, gyro, tszatsiki and bread. The tabouleh is super fresh and flavorful and the babaganouj is some of the best I have had.
I always passed by this place when I'd go down 16th street but I never thought about going in to try it. I'm a student at Phoenix College and for my biology class we had an assignment to go to a store of another culture and study the food they eat and the main ingredients of their diet. I wanted to do a different culture that I didn't know that much about. Since it's just right down the road it was the perfect place to finish the assignment but still be able to get back in a few hours to go to lab. 

When we got there I told the man that I had an assignment so walking around with a piece of paper and looking at things wouldn't scare him into thinking we were from the health department or something. He was totally fine with it and we went on our way to getting the assignment done. Of course the cultural experience comes with actually trying the food from the culture. I got some pita bread with hummus while my friend tried the imjadora. We shared so we all got to try the different things. The food was very good! Not only that but they kept coming over to check to see how we were doing. He even let us try the falafel which was also incredible. I am amazed not only by this great food but the amazing service that my friends and I received at this place. I have to say it's the best I have ever seen at a restaurant and we will definitely make it a place to eat lunch at more often.
So I walked in the door and ordered a falafel sandwich and a side order of hummos.  Pretty standard.

But then... but THEN... the owner, a kind older gentleman, saw my Illinois driver's license and asked where I was from.  Turns out, he used to own restaurants (including my fave) in the same Chicago neighborhood that I went to college in.  We-eird.  We really hit it off and had some nice conversation about how great Chicago is and how much we miss it (I know, I know, probably not the right audience)... and then he asked me if I had ever eaten at Pita Inn.  Um, HAVE I?  HAVE I?  Um, yes, I used to be addicted to Pita Inn, thank you very much.  The best hummos in all the world.  He said, "We have very good hummos, but ours is second only to Pita Inn."  An honest man.  I appreciate that.

Then he proceded to give me all types of freebies, "You should try... Oh!  and this... and this..." I heart Chicago solidarity.

Enough gushing.  Their food was delicious.  Really good.  But the SERVICE was second-to-none.  Thank you, midwestern nice and Middle Eastern Bakery.
The only thing that saved this from two stars was the baba ganoush and Gabi!  We shared a plate of the baba and hummus.  Covered with veggies and olive oil.  This was better than my actual lunch, which was a small Greek salad.  
Uh...Greek????  It was romaine lettuce, a few chopped red peppers and purple onion slices with...Italian dressing.  Read: tasted just like WishBone.  Seriously.  I was disappointed, because I've read the reviews.  Maybe I just need to try other stuff.  It had a store inside, too, but I didn't have much time to check the shelves.
Oh, and they pushed the lemonade BIG TIME!  Neither one of us wanted  it, but they did give us a free cup of it.  It was pretty good!
I'll go again.
I'm being on the generous side in giving MEBAD (as I've seen others refer to this place) 4 stars...

It's kind of a unique gem that you don't see anymore with the owner at the register and a slamming lunch business in addition to the grocery items for sale that are rare foods, snacks, and ingredients from the Middle East.  
I suggested this place for lunch with Amy D today after reading about it on Yelp awhile back... so happy I finally made it there myself!

As Amy said in her review, we shared the baba ganoush and hummus plate and we each ordered a Greek Salad.  The salad was decent but nothing special, but the baba and hummus with the whole wheat pita was so damn tasty that we didn't even leave a bite.

The free cup of homemade daily lemonade was a perk and the owner was really sweet... and I really did like the flavor of it.  I happen to love lemonade!

I'll for sure return to MEBAD when I'm in the area to try more from their menu... this is the kind of place you want people to know about since you can tell how much work the owner and staff put into it each day.  If you haven't been, stop by... maybe I'll see you there - but please don't ask me to share my baba ganoush and hummus with you - I'm ordering my own next time!
I just cant say enough about this place. One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .
Middle Eastern Bakery and Deli is one of my favorite places to eat. I use to go a lot back then, when the owner Alex somehow disappearred to the Middle East ( maybe finally getting married ).  They use to stack their portions with a lot of meat. Since new ownership, they are cut back on the protons but the food is awesome as usual. Their mix grill and chicken kabobs are a must try. With the aromatic smell of their rice along with a side salad with greek dressing, it compliments the meat very well. Their homemade lemonade was very tasty and the owner is very nice along with his staff. Kinda like home cooking except when they get super busy, be prepared to wait awhile, but well worth it.
After moving to Bay Area, i still miss this place SOOOO MUCH. 

Baba, rice pilaf, lamb, gyros, salad, oh my god. BRING IT HERE to Norcal.
Purely authentic food. Very tasty, wonderful atmosphere. I have yet to dive into their full offerings, but this will be a regular rotation for me.
My boyfriend works at the pawn shop next door, (not nearly as seedy as it looks - stop in and buy some junk!), and I love middle eastern food - those two cardinal reasons are what prompted me to visit the Middle Eastern Bakery, and I have never been disappointed by anything...except for the parking and the long waits. 

The falafel is delicious...some of the best I've ever had, and while I do not consider myself to be a connoisseur, I do consider myself to be relatively well-versed in the arts of falafel! I love the lemonade. The hummus is probably the only thing I am not crazy about...it is pretty basic, without a lot of accouterments and extra ingredients. This might really do it for you, but I have developed an unfortunate taste for hummus that is less authentic and more "fancy." 

Parking is difficult at almost anytime of the day, because the businesses right there, (the pawn shop, the Middle Eastern Bakery and the antique store), have their own parking lots but experience overflow from the other businesses frequently. Pawn shop customers park in the Middle Eastern Bakery lot, and vice-versa. However, don't be discouraged by a full front lot! There is a large (if a little forbidding-looking) parking lot behind the Middle Eastern Bakery - it is perfectly fine to park there and walk through the little alley to the Bakery. 

Esam, the man who owns/runs the Middle Eastern Bakery, is very friendly and funny. If you visit often, he will remember you and will often surprise you with fun freebies - I have received more free halva than I could ever eat. You will receive more charming and personalized service if you go when it is slow, (morning time, after 1:00 PM), but I have never seen him be curt or unfriendly. 

Speaking of slow vs. busy times - if you are going there at any time close to your lunch break, you will find it to be very busy. There are usually two long, discouraging lines - one, of people ordering their food, and the second of people waiting to receive the food they've ordered. It can be overwhelmingly crowded at times, and it has been a rare occasion that I've made it in and out in under half an hour. If you have a long lunch, good for you! Head over there. If not, maybe wait to try the Middle Eastern Bakery on your day off. 

If you are a hookah enthusiast, they have a small assortment of shisha and hookah accessories for sale. They also sell a variety of middle eastern products and knick-knacks.
I love a good falafel!
I went here today with some co-workers. Everyone came away happy and willing to go back. The shop is a half restaurant / half grocery store affair and I will second all of the comments on good service. They go out of their way to make sure you're happy and "real" restaurants could learn a thing or two from them. The food itself wasn't to die for but definitely hit the spot. I recommend you give it a shot.
I love Mom and Pop places, I usually go out of my way to find them...My wife did a window covering job for a client who was Lebanese back in '95 and she recommended this place to us.  Mary and her son John were the owners at the time and we made it there at least once every two weeks.  Haven't been in awhile until last week...stopped in to pick up some flat breads and feta....well I must say the present owner is an incredibly nice guy and it helps he is from Chicago!  Anyhoo, he gave me a glass of lemonade, so now I gotta stay for lunch...the food is better than the previous owners and I will be back soon!  And he is special ordering me some barberries for Persian cooking..I like this guy!
A great neighborhood gem offering something different.  The pita is excellent.  Warmed up with a little olive oil and they become the best snack this side of blueberries.  The gyros are also tasty and a nice and lighter deviation from the heavy Kronos variety that we see everywhere else.
Yup, this place is very good. 

Friendly service... check!
Fair prices... check!
AMAZING food... check!
Best Lemonade I've ever had... check!

They are also very knowledgeable about their food ingredients, so if you have food allergies or prefer not to indulge in certain ingredients, you will have no problem dining here.

I personally recommend the Lamb, it was fantastic.
Great place! The ambiance was very comfortable and felt authentic. You dine in the middle the deli surrounded by baked goods, meats and canned delicacies. 
I don't remember the names of the things I ate but their rice was moist and delicious, the pastries were excellent and the meat was too.
damnit.. just wrote a detailed review, but I got dropped from the network and lost it.. 

Fresh, Traditional, Tasty food. I will be back. Go early to beat the 12 o clock rush.

Get some lemonade. 

Parking Sux
When I saw they had Fattoush I had to run right over.  I haven't had a Fattoush salad since I move to Phoenix.  Well.... the salad was good but it wasn't the Fattoush I'm used to. Instead of fresh parsley, sumac and purslane, there was dried parsley no sumac, or purslane and instead of toasted fresh pita there were very hard croutons.  Don't get me wrong the salad was still good, but not the fattoush I'm used to.  My quest for the fattoush I remember continues.  I will return to try their schwarmae and they have a nice little middle eastern grocery as well.
Family owned and operated restaurant with middle eastern grocery store. The staff was very friendly and the food was delicious. I had the Schwarama sandwich and it was delicious. I would definitely eat here again.
This place is amazing. Absolutely LEGIT. Some of the best shawarma and hummus in the US (Zankou Chicken in LA is a close competitor). The pita sandwiches are stuffed with delicious fresh meat, traditional pickles, and tahini or garlic dressing (depending on preference). Ask for their hot sauce to help spice things up even more. And the Jasmine infused lemonade is crazy sweet, but really good. 

I love this place, and have been a die-hard fan for over 4 years now.
I thought it was just okay.  The gentleman behind the counter was quite friendly, as promised by the reviews, but the food was so-so.  Perhaps my expectations were set too high by Yelp.  I like Haji Baba in Tempe better.
Falafel!  Not quite Moshe's on Avenue of The Americas in NYC. But really really good. Crispy and Moist. We went here for lunch today. Got there at 11:30. It's primarily a grocery and bakery, there's a kitchen in the back and they have about a dozen tables. There were about 3 tables filled when we arrived but by 12:30 every table was full, there was a line at the counter and people filing into the place. We each had a different dish, and we were all happy with our meals. I am going to return here and would recommend it for lunch or take out.
Not bad but not particularly great either.  I continue to be disappointed by the middle eastern food in this town.

I stopped in at lunch on a weekday and waited in a very long line.  The place was hopping.  I ordered a $7.99 combination plate which featured hummus, baba ganoush, shawarma, falafal and tabouli.  

Alas, it was merely adequate.  First of all, the portions were miniscule, even for lunch.  The hummus and baba were served in little plastic ramekins (i.e., ketchup cups).  This is a bit ridiculous in and of itself - I mean hummus is not exactly a high food cost item but more to the point, neither was particularly tasty.  The baba ganoush was watery and lacking in flavor and the hummus was nothing special with no detectable garlic.  The shawarma was exactly two thin strips of meat.  Four small falafel balls. And of course one small piece of pita bread.  

I asked for more bread and they brought another piece, but I'm always baffled by American middle eastern restaurants that serve you one piece of pita bread.  This cuisine traditionally calls for copious amounts of bread and one piece of bread just doesn't cut it.

So summing up, bland food and small portions do not a memorable lunch make.
I like Feta.  A lot.

The Middle Eastern bakery has THREE different kinds of Feta!  For me?  To buy?!?  Yes please.

I've only done take out from this joint, and so far I've been very pleased with the entire experience.  The food is reasonably priced and delicious, and the market has a great assortment of hard to find stuff.

The baked goods are great.  There's nothing quite like getting a bag of fresh pita bread to take home.  

The Tabbouleh is wonderful.  I can't explain how it's different, but I can't leave the bakery without a container of it.

I will mention the Feta again.  Three different kinds!  Greek, French and Hungarian.  I was planning on making some Greek-ish burgers for dinner and I must say, the Feta went perfectly.

I'm a bit biased about this place since it's within walking distance from my home, but I can safely say that I'll be visiting Middle Eastern Bakery at least once a week.
i'm in love with haji baba, so the thought of trying falafel from another middle eastern restaurant felt like cheating. but i'm glad i did. the falafel sandwich from middle eastern bakery and deli was crispy on the outside, warm, soft and flavorful on the inside. the pieces were small, but there were plenty inside the pita. the bread was delicious too. i'm sad that this is located so close to work because i'll be "forgetting" my lunch a lot more often. the prices are slightly higher than haji (i paid $5 and change for the sandwich alone) but it was still a relatively good deal.
This is a solid little bakery/deli. If you know me at all, you know I love my Middle Eastern food and I love little Middle Eastern places like this. So, without being biased, I'll list what was good from this particular spot:

Great lemonade which is accented by orange flower.

Great falafel! Yes, the falafels here are wonderful and bite size!

Great pitas. A little on the pricey side for a bag of them, but I've been eating them all week and I don't feel like I wasted a penny. 

**They also make their own pita chips dusted with za'atar! Those with some labne would be scrumptious!**

Good shawerma, got a pita sandwich with tahini and was pretty pleased.

Okay hummus. Definitely not the best I've had, but much better than the plain stuff you might get from a super market.

I'm definitely going back to try more! Next on my list are the spinach pies, their labne and their fresh pitas covered in za'atar.
Hands down, the best falafels ever.  Perfectly crunchy on the outside and so flavorful.  I love their lamb kabobs too.  Their simple rice and salad are so tasty.  I also like their eggplant sandwich...and it is even better when you put falafels in the sandwich.  Mmmmmmm!  Lemonade is ok, a tad too sweet for me.  A perfect place for a satisfying lunch!
Love the vegetarian sampler, which I usually get with wheat pitas. Delicious falafel. And I think their baklava nests are also quite nice. You can taste just a hint of flower in there which is lovely.

They use the same flower essence in the lemonade, which I have to say *is* pretty good, especially since I don't really like lemonade. Its way too sweet though. Once I took it home and watered it down which made it much more refreshing. Otherwise I feel like I need some water to wash down the lemonade.
Best pitas ever!  Been coming here for over 15 years and outside of your own kitchen they are "the only show in town".
Best Falafel pita in town with the best falafel in it! 

Name name says Bakery and Deli, but it is really a cafe with a market.

The menu is posted on the wall above the counter you order at, it has many items plates, pitas and more. 

I went with my middle eastern usual, a falafel pita ($5.49) It comes stuffed in a round 6-7 inch pita with some hummus, tahini, lettuce a tomato slice and some onion. The real star here is the fresh crunchy, small falafel balls that are moist and packed with flavor. The hummus completes this flavor package while the tomato onion and lettuce are just along for the ride. The pita is soft and fresh..

My only complaint is at 5.49 is it about $1 more than a good value. 

My coworkers went with a few different plates that included chicken, rice salad and a pita, they also enjoyed their food.

When we left there were no free tables so get here before 12.
So I went here for lunch and I gotta say I was very pleasantly surprised. 

I was really in the mood for middle eastern food and searched on Yelp for locations. When this one came up I was intrigued so I decided to check it out. When I arrived I was a little concerned as it was a convenience store looking place rather then a restaurant but one side is dedicated to the food. I ordered falafel balls with Hummus as well as the Shewarma. 

The falafel were great!! Very well done and tasted great dipped in the hummus. The Hummus was a bit greasy but thats ok...reminded me of the real stuff! :) The shewarma on the other hand was mediocre. It is very hard to find good shewarma that is prepared right and sliced right. This was more bits of Chicken (Which is not the traditional meat) that were marinated then stuffed into a pita. 

I would come again and try the Gyro and I'd have the falafell again in a heart beat. Their Pita bread is baked fresh there and is delicious...you can also grab a bag to go if you want fresh pita. 


Overall not a bad lunch spot....I have yet to find a great Shewarma place in the US, but the search is still on.
I have been going to this place for a few weeks now.  Phenomenal middle eastern food.   It's my favorite, and I consider myself a connoisseur of middle eastern food.  My favorite was Sabuddys in Tempe.  It's long gone now, but it's food was of similar quality.  Middle Eastern Bakery and Cafe has the freshest salads and tabouli with just the right proportions, ingredients, and dressing.  Their meats including beef and chicken kabobs, lebanese chicken, and lamb are marinated nicely and grilled to perfection.  Their humus and tahini have great texture and flavor.  Their falafel is fantastic.
1. This place is awesome
2. The staff is unbelievably generous and friendly
3. A great option for vegetarians
4. The falafel is the best in town
5. THE LEMONADE. OMG, THE LEMONADE. We're addicted.
I LOVE this place.  I was never a big fan of Middle Eastern cuisine.  That is, until my coworkers made me eat there with them.  The employees who work there treat you as if you've been coming in for years and are very funny.  My favorite meal there is the Falafel plate (good for vegetarians) accompanied by a large lemonade.  The lemonade is without a doubt the best lemonade i've ever had.  This place is definitely as good as it gets, nothing bad to say about it at all.
After living downtown a while now I had to come to think I'd never find a rebound for Haji Baba, I grew despondent and longed for their market and cheap delicious food, on the light rail rides that brought me to Haji Baba my mouth would water as I anticipated my falafel and hummus and favorite confections. I became resigned and assumed I'd just have to make the long trek down there every time the hunger struck.
Then as fate would have it the "Middle Eastern Bakery & Deli" caught my eye, luring me in with the hint of what treasures I might find inside.
Not only am I over you Haji Baba, I'm thriving, you see I've found a place that is probably better for me than you'd ever be. So with that in mind, and some appropriate mood music let me give a litany of reasons why i promise to love you complete Middle Eastern Bakery and Deli:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nFIOu2sYxoc
-your falafel is delicious, it is probably the best I've ever had, and for a few bucks you can buy a plate of them, appropriately tiny and crispy golden and crunchy on the outside and warm soft and flavourful on the inside. with tzatziki sauce or some warm hummus and soft pita they make a perfect meal.
-your bakery and deli is so welcoming and comfortable and merely a short bike ride away from my place of residence
-your prices are so reasonable i almost feel guilty..
-your baked goods and confections and broad selection of middle eastern delicacies is heart warming to me.
-and your lemonade! lordy. probably the best i've ever had, and i dont just say that about every piece of lemonade i've bagged.
-your owners are so kind and welcoming, they make you feel right at home. ;^)
i love middle eastern bakery and deli, and despite the generic name it is what it purports to be, and that's a quality that is becoming increasingly rare.
Across the street from my work.  Everything I've had here is tasty, from the kibbeh to the falafel.  Hummus & baba ghanouj are obviously very divisive topics, but the baba-g here is the best I've ever had - so smoky!  so creamy!

The market is a great feature, too - olives & feta, lots of dried goods, seemingly out of place cookbooks from a serious called "this bitch can..." (e.g., "this bitch can cook for a party").

Not the best (or cheapest) Middle Eastern food I've had, and not the best market, but somehow the place is more than the sum of its part.  The rosewater lemonade is kind of what pushes this place into five-star territory - the stuff is DEFINITELY the best lemonade I've ever had, and hits the spot on our hot summer days.
get their veggie combo.

great place to buy feta and olives!

the rosewater lemonade is so refreshing!

sweet owners!
5 stars for a simple market and deli with some killer good freshly prepared food.

I've been coming here for years.  I find the portions to be reasonable, and the quality of the food top notch.  Go to the counter, place  your order, and they'll call you up to do a pick up when it's ready.

Nothing like going in for a quick lunch and walking out with a bunch of grocery items, a chunk of feta, a pound of tabbouleh, and a bag of freshly baked pita breads.

I'm a fan of their food overall.  There are excellent options for vegetarians.  They also make outstanding stuffed grape leaves.  True story- during one of my pregnancies I craved these, and went twice a week to get them.  They are as good now as they were then.

There is seating here, so you can go with a small group and have lunch easily.

Don't forget to pick up some freshly prepared baklava for dessert!
The owner here will gladly, without fail, devote time to helping each customer decide what they're looking for. Because of this the line tends to get backed up. This is just about the only downside to the place, which is otherwise amazing and staffed with some of the friendliest people in Phoenix. I highly recommend stuffing yourself to the brim with falafel, taboule and tzatziki. DO NOT leave without trying the lemonade. It's bizarre, almost jarring at first, but it'll get you hooked.
Since you probably don't know what to expect... here's what to expect: 

Vibes: The owners are exceptionally sweet and friendly (As in, free lemonade and halva cake?! What the deuce!) There's no strong overwhelming Arab or Israeli influence, just a perfect, little mecca of all things authentically Middle Eastern, from Labneh to imported Pareve chocolate spread.

Location: A funky fresh exterior covered in graphic art, like World Peace signs, baklava, camels and snakes... and generally sparse parking.

Food: A surprisingly diverse and wonderful selection of food to please the meatless palate. We ordered the vegetarian sampler, which is a solid one-person sized lunch consisting of a pita, four falafel, a spinach pie, four little dolmas, baba ganoush, hummus, tabbouleh, and tzatziki. The falafelim were better than the ones I had in Jerusalem. So blasphemous... yet so crispy.

Other: They have sheep's milk cheese. That is a big deal. Also, their iced tea and lemonade are both delicious, meaning the potential for the perfect Arnold Palmer is right at your fingertips.

In a word: Unique. This is the most accommodating, authentic, friendly, and, dare I say, seemingly neutral Middle Eastern restaurant and market I have yet to encounter. If you're not convinced of MEBAD's worthiness by now... dir balak. Now go eat! B'tayavon!
Isam, owner, is so friendly and helpful. I would go back just to support him. It helps that the gyros are delicious, the pita is fresh and soft. Lemonade just might have an addictive ingredient in it :). I will be back for more!
It's awful of me not to have updated this in a more timely fashion.

Simply put, Middle Eastern Bakery is fantastic.  Excellent food, great lemonade, superb market and low prices!

What really makes the place stand out is the service.  I'd like to share a recent experience I had.

After ordering some take out, I struck up a conversation with the owner, who was eating breakfast.  We discussed the various types of feta available, and which kind was best.  This guy, the owner, sliced off a piece of cheese from his own breakfast and gave me a sample.  That's right, he feels so strongly about his goods that he was willing to share his breakfast.

I love this shop and only wish that the hours of operation were more in line with my schedule.
They serve gluten-free pita here!  No review has mentioned that yet, but to anyone who loves hummus/other-dippable-Middle-Eastern-dishes but can't eat gluten, it's pretty big news and really sets them apart :)

Gluten-free, pillow-y soft pita bread.  I have a bite of it in my mouth as I type.  (They sell it by the dozen to take home, or you can order it with your meal.)
Yummy!

I had the sampler plate and loved all of the options, especially the Tabouli! I am not a big fan of this minty dish, but theirs had a little more grain which made it perfect to me. I liked the falafel balls and the rolled grapeleaves too. I definitely will be back and will try the Beef Shawarma next time. Sorry everyone, but I was not as impressed with the lemonade as it was hyped up to be.
This place has really good food and one of the best, most fresh, healthiest version of a gyro (yet authentic) I have ever had.  Delicious felafel.  The market is fun and full of goodies.  The bakery is fresh and has delicious pita and other assorted items.  The only reason this place is not getting a five star review from me is because for the money, I think the portions could stand to be just a little larger.  But hey you get what you pay for and here you get delicious quality food albeit not cheap.
If you are gluten free... Stop what you're doing and get on over to the Middle Eastern Deli for their GF pita. Seriously, it's that good. You'll thank me later. 

Now I'd love a few more gf options on the menu, which the owner says are in the works.
Ok, as an avid carnivore, I must say that the grilled beef is pretty damn good.  But don't stop there - and please note, i'm sticking with just the basics here.  The pita bread, the plain ol' pita bread - great stuff, especially warm.  And besides all the delicious traditional Arabic sweets (halvah, don't tempt me!!), try their unassuming butter cookies.  So good!
One of my clients recently recommended this place to me, so I went by yesterday to grab a bite before heading back in to work. I immediately felt welcomed by the owner who introduced himself, and gave me a little background info after I told him it was my first time in. He had several vegetarian meal options on the menu, which always makes me happy. I got the spanakopita plate with a salad (a real salad, not just a few iceberg leaves with shredded carrots) and a lemonade. Yes, THE lemonade! I swear it induces euphoria, it's like the perfect spring day, melted down and poured over ice. Anyhow, I saw that they serve Arabic coffee (which I love), so I ended up sitting awhile to enjoy a cup and chat with Isam (the owner), who has got to be one of the most amicable men in Phoenix (which reminds me, I must bring my Dad in for dinner). I ended up bring my bff in for coffee and treats this morning. We also got some falafel and hummus. The falafel was perfect, crispy and herbacious on the outside, and soft and moist on the inside. We left fat and happy, and with two cups of lemonade :)
Awesome. Pure awesome. Food is great. Cool little place. Oh and get the lemonade. You have no choice. Don't question, just get it. Your life will change as you discover the super powers you've acquired from the lemonade.
I really can't get over the lemonade. Drastically succulent.
Best chicken kebab and lemonade ever! Plus owner is the sweetest man alive. You leave feeling like family.
Amazing felafel and extremely friendly service. The lemonade is ok. Not sure what the hype is about. You can tell they use honey in it which adds a unique taste to it. Also took home some baklava which was very good. Next time I'm craving some good middle eastern food I'll be coming here.
They have GLUTEN FREE PITAS!!!!!!!!!!!! And they're fuggin cheap! Like $3.50 a package or something ridiculous like that. You can sub your pita with your meal for a GF pita at no cost.

I'm eating one as I type this, no joke. I'm now a starch addict again thanks to Middle Eastern Bakery & Deli. I don't know if that's a good thing or not ;) 

Seriously, I can't say enough good things about this place. Their rice is to-die-for. The lamb and kafta kabobs are the best. I've found the chicken kabobs can be a little dry at times so I generally go for the darker meats. The salads are the best I've ever had, their dressing is amazing. Oh, and their lemonade is the best. It's made with rose water and honey, you HAVE to try it! I'm not a huge lemonade drinker so I usually get an Arnold Palmer to cut the sweetness, or as the owner likes to call it, an "Arnold Schwarzenegger." Seriously, get the lemonade or an Arnold Schwarzenegger, you won't be disappointed. 

Every Friday I work in downtown Phoenix and come here to pick up a multiple packs of gluten-free pitas and get a fab lunch. I always think I'll try someplace else close to downtown but I just can't pass this place up. 

The owner is super knowledgeable about his food and extremely sweet. Everyone that works there is very, very friendly and knowledgeable. LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place!
Amazing service! Such nice people, it's so refreshing to find a jem like this. Plus they have the best gluten free pitas, and plan on making gf baklava! So excited! Can't say enought great things about this place! Looooooove it!
I've been here twice now since living here a month, and I love it. The owner treats you as if you're his favorite customer from way back when. He told me proudly about the photo of his nephew graduating from the Air Force Academy as I ordered lunch, and offered me a refill of lemonade for the road when I was heading out the door. The middle of this story consists of me inhaling a falafel pita (with homemade hot sauce and pickles inside) which was better than most falafel I ate while recently in the Middle East (but not quite as good as Amsterdam Falafel in Adams Morgan...ooooh DC I miss you!!). If you want a twist on that irresistible lemonade, ask for a Terminator.
When my wife and I visited for the first time last weekend, the owner was so happy to see us as well as explain the whole menu and recommend what we should get.  We ordered the combo plate and loved it!  We also got his secret formula lemonade, a slice of delicious Halvah and Turkish coffee afterwards.  You have to request the hot sauce and mix it with the hummus (per the owner's recommendation).  We got such great customer service and were really impressed with their spice selection, this will not be the last time we visit!
This place is everything you'd ever want from a mom-and-pop eatery. My husband and I are HUGE fans of the gluten-free pitas, and I buy their fresh blocks of feta when I'm doing my own Mediterranean home-cookin'. The food is TO DIE FOR (I always indulge in a rice pudding on my way out!) and the people are so sweet and nice! This place has easily become one of my favorite spots. Don't forget to try the lemonade!
Great service.  My son and I went for our first time and they bought us lemonade.  It was fresh and fantastic.  The service was wonderful... continually offering us refills.  My son got the hummus with gluten free pita and a gyros on GF pita.  The pita bread was so good I bought a pack to bring home.  For only $3.50 my husband and son have had 24 sandwiches.  12 slices of pita makes 24 pita pocket sandwiches!!  Great deal!

I ordered the vegetarian combination was enjoyed everything I ate.
I have had a lot of traditional middle eastern food, but this place is on its own level. TRY THE LEMONADE and the falafal is the best I've ever had.
When I last lived in Phoenix, I would pass by this place repeatedly, vowing that next time I would stop and give it a try. Well, "next time" became today for lunch, and I have to say that I was not disappointed. I ordered their kibbeh appetizer and a falafel pita sandwich. The kibbeh, again, like at Haji Baba, was served more like a piece of pie rather than a dumpling with a fried bulgur wheat shell, but this time, happily, the meat was well seasoned. Their falafel was fresh and soft inside, with a bit of crunch on the outside, and nicely spiced. The portions were just right. I would definitely come here again. Already, I look forward to trying their Middle Eastern spinach pie, which I haven't enjoyed in a long time. I know some people might find it unusual to have a restaurant in the middle of a grocery store, but I was not put off by it. In fact, after eating, I had the opportunity to do some browsing and spotted jars of an Egyptian lentil soup spice blend on sale, which I intend to buy during a future visit. As far as my first impression is concerned, the Middle Eastern Bakery and Deli is a hidden gem near downtown Phoenix. Give it a try.
Yummy hummus, great shop with some hard to find feta cheeses and lots of frozen goodies, very kind and gracious owner.  Their falafel sandwiches are very very good.  Definitely drink the lemonade while you're in here...you'll be a fan forevermore.
I've never actually had authentic Middle Eastern food before so I have nothing to base this on, but it was delicious and filling! 

Got the "shawerma" which seemed like mostly beef (it says beef and lamb on the menu but not having lamb before, I couldn't tell the difference), marinated and grilled, with a side of Greek salad (basically a regular ceasar salad with tomatoes, feta, and pickled turnips). It came with a side of super soft, delicious pita bread - which is baked fresh every day. I made a sort of taco with it and it was amazing. 
The meat pieces weren't quite what I expected (my knowledge of shawarma comes 100% from The Avengers film so I expected shaved meat wrapped in a lefse served in foil) but it was more akin to carne - but marinated and cooked to perfection so absolutely NO complaints here.
The food was super fragrant in the best way and a little food filled me up. We also got the lemonade which won the New Times Best Of Phoenix award. It's fresh lemonade with rose water, honey and orange water (?) instead of sweeteners/sugar. It has a very strong honey flavour and is almost like drinking incense. It made my breath smell great after the shawarma and was really unique and delicious. Free refills too!

Because we mentioned it was our first time, the owner offered Turkish coffee and their baklava - super delicious! The coffee comes in this cute tiny cup and has cardamom (one of my favourite spices!) in it and the baklava was super good. The filo was perfectly flakey and the honey was top quality and fresh. 

All that food and drink for under $13. AMAZING.

They also have a few aisles of imported and in-house foods. I got a pretty large bag of pitas, a 16oz thing of fresh hummus and a bag of super soft "cracker" bread (markook? chapati? I'm not sure what it's actually called because it wasn't labeled) for under $12. 

I'm super impressed with this tiny local shop/restaurant and I will definitely be back!
the have gluten-free pita. GLUTEN FREE PITA! and it's soft and fluffy and delicious and they won't charge you extra for it. i actually thought they gave me the regular wheat kind the first time i had it because it's so delectable. you can also buy it by the package for something crazy like $4. that's right, i said gluten free.
I really want to give 6 stars to this place for their very nice service and the food prepared from their heart with passion.. 

My husband and I just moved to the area and tried out this place for lunch today. They really made me say "WOW". The pita bread is soooo soft. All the dishes on my vegetarian sampler plate were made just perfect with great taste. 

Their lemonade is so special. I'm not a big fan of lemonade as it is too sour for me but this lemonade is not sour and has very tender taste. I think they said they add rose water or/and orange blossom water.

The food here is way better than that at Beiz Market. Grocery area is kind of small but they have the right items for middle eastern cooking. And in the freezer you can find the dishes on the menu like grape leaves, pita, spinach pie, etc. so you can bring back home and eat later. They also have fresh bakery of course. We bought feta cheese pita bread.

I can tell from the food they really love food and really know how to cook. 
I have a feeling I will go back to this place very soon.
I'd give it more than 5 stars if I could.  This place is a bit out of the way for us, but we love it so much it's worth the drive.  The food is scrumptious - the best Middle Eastern in town!   I especially love their falafel sandwich and tabouli.  The fresh baked pita bread and zatar bread are incredible!  We always end up bringing home some groceries as well.  And the owner is so very nice.  Highly recommended!
I ordered the lamb kabobs and the shishk kabobs. I also ordered the lemonade. The kabobs were edible but entirely devoid of flavor, the lamb was better than the shishk. The rice that came with it as well as the salad was very good, flavorful. For food I would give them 3 stars, but the lemonade was worth 5 stars. Thus the 4 star rating. The atmosphere was meh. The lemonade is what it's all about.
This place is sooooooo awesome!!!!  I eat here at least once a week. The staff is friendly and the environment is awesome. If you don't know what to get they always recommend something good. lately I've been getting the lamb Kabob.
This is the best middle eastern food I've ever had - the gluten free pita put it over the top.  I had the felafel pita and lemonade, and i kid you not, if there's food in heaven, this is it.  Fresh, simple, authentic, and the staff could not be nicer! I plan on being a regular here!!
Awesome food, great service! Best lemonade and Turkish coffee in Phoenix. The dessert is great too!
This place is great and it has been consistently great for many, many years. One of my favorite lunch spots in the uptown area!
We experienced the worst service! The service was so bad that my fianc actually complained (which is traditionally my role). We waited a good 15-20 minutes for our food. At first I thought the kitchen was just slow. Nope, not the case, THREE people that ordered AFTER US got served their food before us! After the third party got served, we went to the owner and told him we never received our food. He went to the kitchen and said that it'll be right out. We sat down and another person that ordered after us got their food. Then a few minutes later ours came out.  To add more insult to injury, the owner was out on the floor talking to regulars that had ordered after us and had already received their food. The owner was either too busy talking to notice that we hadn't received our order, or simply didn't care because we weren't regulars. Needless to say, we will not be returning to this place. There are other great Middle Eastern restaurants in Phoenix that provide excellent service.
I love this place!!!!!  Everything on the menu is awesome!  I used to travel to the Middle East for work, and this is authentic and delicious!  The owners are super nice, too :)  We usually get a mixed platter and always branch out and try a new dish.  We have never been let down!  The sweets are amazing, too :)  So glad we found the Middle Eastern Bakery & Deli!
We walked in just as they had finished a fresh batch of Gluten Free pita. We're not Gluten Free, but we like to try new things, and did I mention it had just been baked? It was AMAZING. Soft, pillow like clouds of deliciousness. We also got a small container of hummus, which was also very good. We split the falafel plate as well. The falafel plate was slightly small, but the falafels were some of the freshest I've had in Phoenix. The tabouli salad was also very fresh, and coincidentally gluten free. Then the owner gave us the rosewater(?) lemonade on the house! Seriously, it was like being at a friends house. I will be going back soon for more pita, hummus, and tabouli! Mmmmmm pita....
Went today for the first time with my daughter. This place is absolutely wonderful! The owners couldn't be nicer or more helpful and they went above and beyond in their service to both of us before, during and after our meal. The food is delightful and flavorful and very traditional and the fact that they offer GLUTEN FREE on most of their menu is outstanding. I picked this because of the other reviews and because my daughter eats mostly gluten free and I am also trying to cut wheat from my diet. I recommend this great homey place 100% but please don't expect fancy at all. It is a deli inside a wonderful little store and there is generous seating for such a small place but not tons. I had Shwarma sandwich and it was wonderful.
Best Gyro in Phoenix. Hands down.
i seriously love middle eastern bakery. i usually get take out but every time i've eaten in the service has been great- the owners take time to answer question about the food and you can tell they care about their customers. i usually get the vegetarian platter- their falafel is the best i've had since i moved to the southwest, the dolmades are good, and their tabouli is good and not too lemony.. i've also had the lebanese chicken, which is awesome, and the gyro, which was good but not amazing. definitely order the lemonade- it's rose water and excellent!!
Wonderful find, delicious food! These folks take pride in their work...it really shows in the food and service...simply superb!
I walked into the restaurant with high hopes and high expectations after reading the reviews posted here on Yelp and I was pleasantly satisfied. I hadn't had good Middle Eastern food since I moved here from NJ, I had a great coworker who every now and then would make me Moroccan meals and desserts. Now I know where to go to get my fix. They offer food for everyone who enjoys Middle eastern cuisine, from meat eaters to vegetarians, and even have gluten free options. 
I myself today asked the owner what he suggested and I decided to order that. 
He suggested the Lebanese Chicken that came with a Greek salad, rice and a pita.
He also gave me some of their famous lemonade as well. Now this lemonade mind you was reviewed by New Times as the best lemonade in Phoenix. Now I know why, it's pleasantly sweet and refreshing, sweetened with rose water if my taste buds serve my memory right. 
My meal was delicious and filling in every aspect I wished it to fill.
The Greek salad was salty and tangy just like it should be, now I'm not normally a Greek salad guy, as I'm not going to join an olive lover's guild but this Greek salad changed my opinion on olives.The salad contained pickled beets, tomatoes, red onions, lettuce, olives, cucumbers, and their dressing.  It was great, to put things short and sweet. 
The pita, was soft as a pillow but tasty, unlike a pillow, don't ask me how I know a pillow isn't tasty. The pita was warm, soft, delicious and I used it to clean my plate clean after I finished my meal to absorb what remaining flavors were left behind, just so I wouldn't waste them.
The rice was wonderful, it had tons of flavor, and not overpowering. They gave a large amount of it as well, which for me, a big fan of rice, mad this meal even better. The rice contained peas mixed in and I think saffron.
The chicken I had was delicious as well, it was chicken breast, in a lemon and herb spice, grilled. It wasn't too salty and the flavor wasn't overpowering. All of the items in the dish accompanied each other well.
All of these items together as a meal were very fairly priced too. After AZ sales tax, my meal came to $9.83. 
I will definitely go again, this time to try a vegetarian option and I highly recommend you going as well.
I love, love this place! We had the great fortune of meeting Isam, the owner, and Tina. Isam introduced us to their lemonade made with rose water and honey. It was outstanding -- a unique wonderful flavor you can't forget. Their food is even better -- freshly made everything. Their falafel is excellent; the tahini sauce, thick and tasty (not like the watery stuff at other place); and their meet dishes grilled to perfection. To top it off, we enjoyed the freshest baklava I've had in a decade with a perfect cup of Turkish coffee (with a touch of cardamon). Authentic, fresh, unbeatable Middle Eastern food! Thank you, Isam!
I think overall this place has great Middle Eastern food. I didn't get to try all the platters I wanted but I was impressed with the main entrees. The Lebanese Chicken was delicious. Service was great too, as our questions were answered all the way through. I would like to come back to try some other dishes.
Delicious food, amazing customer service, and unique lemonade.  Love it!
Delightful experience - Appears to be family owned and operated. The woman who helped us was genuinely warm and smiley- her daughter was so sweet- heard me quietly tell my boyfriend I wanted baklava and she was all excited to get some for me. 

The food was great- and we were excited to have gluten free pita bread , gluten free tabbouli made with quinoa, babaganouj and lentils and rice. The market had an array of Lebanese and middle eastern goodies. The freezer had frozen homemade gluten free feta pies and other deliciousness. 

Also- that baklava was darn good. I am happiest when the food is great - home made - and the people running the restaurant are happy humans.
We ordered dolmas chicken gyro beef gyro and a combo plate. The meat looked and tasted cans and every item was the worst Arabic food I've had. Not sure why this place has 5 stars, $30 wasted
I LOVE this place! Everything is amazing, absolutely everything. The tabouli and baklava is the best I've ever had. Not to mention the lemonade and the wonderful owner. He is such a delight and a genuinely kind man. I love his free food and radiant smile. Excellent customer service and I come weekly.
Four stars for location but five stars for food and service.  This place doesn't look like much from the outside...or the inside.  I have probably driven by it a million times but never thought twice about eating here.  Finally I did! The food is delicious and the service very friendly, they are happy to explain the menu and offer recommendations.  They offer gluten free options, they even brought me some gluten free pita bread to enjoy with my meal and it was very tasty.  They have lots of spices and breads (gluten free also), desserts, international foods.  Most of the food they sell in the grocery section they make in store daily, so you know it's fresh.  This is a must try! Oh, and they also have THE best lemonade (seriously, they won an award for it) made with rosewater and honey, yum.  And try the Turkish coffee at the end of your meal, so tasty.
Beyond impressed with the owner's hospitality and kindness! This is a very casual place with a small store and deli. Everything tasted super fresh and they sell a lot of gluten free items in the deli and freezer section.

My husband and I went here for dinner on our way (from Tucson) to a baseball game in Phoenix. I searched google for a restaurant with gluten free options and this place came up with very positive reviews.

When we got there the owner greeted us warmly and I asked what he suggested and told him we haven't tried Middle Eastern food before. He told us the combo plate would be a good sample of lamb, Lebanese chicken, and beef. It came with a Greek salad and rice, but the owner also gave us a side of gluten free tabouli (free of charge!). Everything was great! Moist meats, perfectly cooked rice, and fresh salad (olives contain pits).

We also ordered hummus with pitas. He gave us extra gluten free pitas (free of charge again!). The hummus was sooo good! A really nice light garlic flavor and the pitas were AMAZING. We couldn't get over how light and fluffy, slightly chewy the GF pitas were.

The owner gave us free drinks. The lemonade is flippin awesome. If you go, you HAVE TO order it. Also free were Turkish coffees and samples of baklava and halva. The baklava is not GF, but they are working on a GF recipe for it. My husband felt bad about saying how unbelievable it was haha. I really liked the halva, it had great flavor and consistency. 

The shop was well stocked and had a lot of spices and good variety of items. When I asked the owner about if they sold the coffee we tried, he brought it over and asked if I wanted to learn to make it, he said he take me back to the kitchen and have them show me how! I WISH we had had more time to learn. He also gave us fresh, warm GF pita to buy instead of the frozen! 

We plan on going back soon.
I've eaten at some Middle Eastern type deli's and bakeries before and this one does not disappoint! Nestled in between Thomas and Osborn off 16th street, turn in the small parking lot with lots of painted colors on the store front windows. The store was fun to look around, definitely won't find these items at your local Fry's. I walked up to the counter to order and was greeted by a smiling man. I ordered a small hummus with wheat pita, the chicken gyro pita sandwich and a lemonade. I didn't feel like eating a huge plate of food for lunch..maybe next time? Seating is a little tight and not many tables for small parties. I was lucky to snag a small table near the dessert case and waited about 10 minutes for food to arrive. Hummus was good but obviously came right out of the fridge. Pita was good, just wished it would have been warmed up. The sandwich was also good and the yogurt sauce inside was amazing! Apparently you only get a side of it when you order a plate, not a sandwich...bummer! The hyped up lemonade is nice and sweet. As I was getting up to leave, the owner came up to me and asked if I'd like a refill on my drink. Of course! He knew exactly what I had too...very nice! I wish they had other desserts though, since I do not like baklava and that was the majority of what they had. However, I will definitely return!
Middle eastern food as it should be. Clean cozy atmosphere and fresh delicious food. The owner is a kind soul, very hospitable and personable.
This was my second time having middle eastern food, and the first time I was with my sister in law who lived in Lebanon for two years. So I was a little scared. The menu is very easy to read and understand. Most or all the ingredients are listed so you now exactly what your about to eat. 

My Mom and my brother went along with me and it was their first time ever eating it. We ordered the Lebanon chicken which comes with rice, and a Greek salad.  As well as the Kafta, Chicken skewers, falafel and I almost forgot the hummus.  
Everything was delicious! . My husband wasn't able to make it so I brought home the mixed skewers and the Greek salad. 

 It was kind of busy in there so the service wasn't the fastest. It seemed like they were a little under staffed in front. It was only on lady trying to take orders fro over 20 people all at once. Until a little later I believed it was the owners that came up and they started to help. They were very friendly and offered refills on our drinks. t. I live all the way in Buckeye so the drive was definitely a long one, but it was absolutely worth it. I gave it four stars just because we did have to wait a very long time, everyone there kind of felt the same way.
Our very first visit and I couldn't be more pleased! Excellent food, very friendly owner and staff. I can't believe I've lived in this area for three years and have only just now discovered it. If you like middle eastern food don't miss this little gem. You won't be disappointed!
This place is amazing. First time here and I was very much impressed. I ordered the mixed kabob plate with Tabouli. Awesome! Chicken was well seasoned, cooked through, and still juicy. First time I've had Tabouli and I enjoyed it - fresh, crisp, and refreshing. The only thing I'd do without is the beef kabob. It was good, amazing spices, but a bit dry for my taste buds. Hummus is awesome, also. The owner is super nice and friendly. The lady who took my order gave me a sweet treat for being my first time there. Oh! And I've read the reviews about their lemonade. OMG! You should NOT leave without it. Sweet perfection with hints of honey and orange blossoms (I think). Great place. Definitely will be there again!
This is our first time here. Let me just say, this place is so inviting as soon as you walk in. It has a feel of a neighborhood spot, everyone seems to know everyone. 

The menu looks amazing. I wished my pockets were a little deeper because I really wanted to buy more than one dish. The older gentleman behind the counter heard that it was our first time in his shop and immediately told us that our lemonades were on him, he refused to let us pay for them. 

If you ever come in here, you mustn't leave without trying the lemonade. They put an amazing, fresh twist on a summertime classic. Food review will soon follow.
Wow, I've lived in Coronado for about 6 months already and I cannot believe this is my first visit!! 

The bakery had a warm and inviting ambiance and the owner Isam, is just delightful. My husband and I arrived 10 minutes prior to closing and Isam was so inviting to us. We placed our orders, mine the falafel plate and my husband ordered the Lebanese chicken plate. On top of this we ordered a large hummus plate. Hypothetically speaking if we could have ordered the entire menu we would have! Everything sounded amazing on the menu.

Alas, the famous Lemonade, we just had to try, made with honey and rosewater. I told Isam that this was our first visit and I had to try his famous lemonade, and he lit up like a Christmas tree and said "this is your first time here?!? Lemonade on the house for the two of you." No way?! Ya way! The lemonade did not fail us, it was delicious!! So refreshing and the flavors worked lovely together!

Now onto our food plates....the hummus plate was delicious! They put ground beef cooked in olive oil, garlic and onions and sprinkled it on too of the hummus and boy was it delicious with the pita bread!! My falafel plate was amazing, the falafel nice and crisp on the outside and cooked and moist in the middle, it tasted amazing with the pita, tabouli and hummus together! My husband kept on raving about the chicken and how tender and flavorful it was, I had some and he had to take the plate away from me before I devoured it all! Haha! 

We still had half of the hummus left and Isam came up to us and asked if we wanted an extra pita bread on the house to eat with the hummus! Uh, YAH! 

Not only was the food delicious this place exceeds in the customer service department, Isam was just a delight and to give us lemonade and pita on the house, this place just rightfully owned their 5 stars!!
Lived here for 6 months and just recently discovered this place.. a true gem. Hands down best deli/bakery in town! Agree with the other comments about the owner's generosity with the amazing lemonade. Have already gone twice in 3 days!!! Please do yourself a favor and check this place out!
Everything I've tried is amazing. The owner remembered me the 2nd time in. Super friendly and awesome lemonade with rose water. Def worth trying.
Came here for the first time for a quick dinner with family, and let me start off by saying everything was stupendous. I had the mixed plate with tabouli and a side of hummus. Chicken and beef had lots of flavor, and weren't dry. The pita bread was the best I've ever had, and the lemonade is a must. The owner brought us a free sample of falafel, which was sweet of him. My sister ordered the wrong item, and he offered to bring her something different. Instead, we weren't charged for it because he thought she didn't enjoy it much (though she actually did!) They're all friendly and want to please. I'm always on the lookout for great Middle Eastern food, and this place did not disappoint.
The shawerma pita is amazing. The meat is well-cooked and very flavorful and the pita itself is always soft and delicious but sturdy enough to hold everything together. 

Oh and the owner gave me an on-the-house lemonade while I waited. This alone would bring me back, plus the lemonade is probably the best I've ever had.
You don't go to a place called Middle Eastern Bakery & Deli for ambiance. You go because you've heard about that one item that people can't stop talking about. I'm here to review that one item: The Lemonade.

As I walked up to the counter to place my order, I was greeted by an older gentleman I can only assume was the owner of this establishment. As soon as I told him I had heard good things about the lemonade, without even skipping a beat, he replied, "It's the best in Phoenix." I cordially laughed. He did not. With a very straight face he pointed to the wall behind him. There were about five plaques given out by various periodicals and city magazines going back eight years. All read "Best Lemonade in Phoenix".

My chicken gyro was so-so. But you better believe I ordered about a gallon's worth of lemonade. And it definitely lived up to the hype. With hints of rosemary and mint, this lemonade stands alone.

My suggestion: Go here in between meals. If you want some midday refreshment, it does not get any better than this lemonade.
There's so much to be said about the importance of a business owner's interaction with his/her customers. At this place, Isam the owner beams with pride, and greets every customer with a sincere hello. The employees are just as caring and polite.  The food was refreshing, and honest. I came in expecting nothing less. This man deserves every bit of his success .
Warning: this review is going to be positively glowing. If you're not in it for the long-haul, I understand. Try this place. Try the lemonade, try the turkish coffee, try the tabbouleh, try the falafel. If you don't mind a longer review read on: 

The owner, Isam,  couldn't have been more friendly, informative, generous or helpful. When he found out it was my first time at the restaurant he insisted that I try the lemonade, baklava and turkish coffee (I completely agreed) and then  *bam* he insisted that they were on the house. I was not expecting such a generous offer and I was more than happy to pay for these items myself, Isam's pride of ownership is genuinely impressive. He seems to run his business from an old-school model based on integrity, a little showmanship, and a product that truly sells itself. 
 
I proceeded to order, Lebanese chicken and grape leaves and wait for my food. They brought my lemonade, and to be honest, I really had no idea what could have possibly been so wonderful about lemonade that I would just HAVE to try it. Well, I have three simple answers rose water, orange blossom, and honey. They don't put any sugar in their lemonade, it has this beautiful delicate floral taste, anchored by a richness from the honey. You will love it. 

The lebanese chicken and grape leaves were ahhmazing. The tabbouleh is incredible and balanced to perfection. Not too much of this, or that...just right. The owner tells me that they go through about five batches per day. I believed him. 

Middle Eastern Bakery & Deli was so delicious, I began snapping pictures of my food and plotting my yelp review while still in the restaurant. I began bragging via text to all of my foodie friends. I took a to-go order for friends I was meeting up with later, it seemed like a nice gesture, but really I just wanted to have an excuse to try more of their delicious fare. 

Per Isam's insistence, he brought a piece of baklava and turkish coffee. The baklava was delicious. The shining star was the turkish coffee. My god. Best. Coffee. Ever. Seriously. If nothing else, go here and order lemonade and turkish coffee. You will be thrilled. 

If I don't eat at this place at least once a week as long as I live in Phoenix I'm going to be disappointed. I can't wait to go back. Upon leaving the restaurant I noticed a new gyro place had opened two doors down. I actually felt sorry for them, their business is probably going to tank by proxy.
I like Middle Eastern food. A lot.  We came here because of the high ratings on Yelp.
My dad ordered us the vegetarian plate, a schwarma/chicken plate with hummus, tabbouleh and baba ganesh.  All of it was delish!

The lemonade was incredible and I loved it.  You must order it when you go here!
We also got Turkish coffee and baklava.  The coffee was in tiny cups and very STRONG.  My mom loved the baklava as it was very fresh and very flaky.

This is a very different experience from most restaurants.  It was nice to sit and chat rather than be rushed with our meal and leave.  Clearly, those who were eating there that day were used to this very relaxed way of eating.

The owner was very nice and came over to our table to talk with us.  We learned he was from a close suburb to us, so we had a fun time talking about "home."

The woman who made our food also came out to clear our plates.  We expressed our thanks to her for making such a great meal and she was very humble and sweet.

Go here!  You'll love it!
I am often way too lazy to write a review but this place is so amazing that I must do it.  

After reading on Yelp! about all the goodness of this place, I gave it a try. I love middle eastern food and grew up in NY where we have very good middle eastern food.  

I was greeted very warmly by the owner, Isam.  I told him I heard about their famous lemonade so I will have that and something else he would recommend.  He gave me a sweet smile and told me that the lemonade is on the house as it is my first time.  (how nice!)  I ordered to go the Lebanese chicken (one breast split in halves, rice, tabouli, and one large fluffy, pillowy pita made fresh) and the falafel (smaller than I'm used to but very tasty) that came with tahini sauce that is very very good.  

I finished my drink before the food came and he gave me a free refill! 

I wanted to get a lemonade for my coworker to go, and he gave me that for free too! 

He was very easy to speak with.  I hate going to places where the food is great but the owner makes you feel like you should beg (think Seinfeld and the soup nazi).  But this guy was very nice.  There was a lady behind me who went for the first time yesterday, and came back today with her friend.  The owner immediately recognized her and apologized to her for something.  It turned out that there was a guy (I think from the store next door) that was bothering her as she walked in yesterday.  She told the owner about it. The owner (after she left) spoke to the guy and he apologized to her for what he did yesterday.  The owner also apologized for the guy's behavior.  What a man!

My food was really really good.  And when he packed my food in the bag, he gave me two big slices of bahkalava on the house (again)!!

I am definitely coming back and bringing more people.
3.5

Decent middle eastern food, had the chicken kabob plate, not a ton of flavor but not bad, would give it another chance.
Stop. Hummus time. That's right. This grocery story slash eatery is a perfect for for all your Mediterranean needs. If you're looking for items to purchase and take on the go, they have everything imaginable, hummus, pitas, meats, canned goods... Just about everything! However you can also dine in an order some of their delicious homemade food. I enjoyed the chicken kabobs accompanied with hummus and a greek salad. The meal was filling and fabulous. The hummus had a lot of flavor and the chicken was perfectly seasoned. I will definitely be returning to enjoy more and take some goodies for the road.
literally behind our house, we are lucky to have such an amazing little shop so close. whether its for the lemonade, the gyros, spices and pitas for home or the freezer section with dips/ sauces, everyone should stop in here at least once. this was the first meal i had in my neighborhood when we moved in 5 years ago, before we were even fully unpacked- and we have been coming ever since. the owners are fantastic and if you are the type of person who is worried you wont know the menu, they will talk to you about anything (unless its super busy, of course)

my only possible complaint is that they aren't open all day, every day :) sometimes you need that pita at midnight, yknow? hey, cant blame em, they have to sleep sometime
For lunch, snack or grocery it works. I have a pita breads and humus for $6 to take to my office and skip lunch.
Great food! Not greasy. Pita bread and hummus are my favorite. Falafels are never dry, unlike most places. And the staff is always friendly.
One of my fav places.  So friendly and a real nice atmosphere!  Great food as well.
Happened upon this place with a friend and we stopped in with hungry bellies. Yum! We had mixed kabob and a beef dish and 2 lemonades... Delicious! We will definitely be back again.
Maybe I'm a little spoiled because I lived in other major cites in the US with a larger Middle Eastern population and cultural influence (Houston, Chicago), but I found this place good...not great. The service is friendly, but the food took 20 minutes to receive... I know, good food takes time...but not really worth the wait. I had the Chicken and Lamb plate; the lamb was good, not great- the chicken was spiced well but DRY- but not too dry that I needed to return it. I also had the Hummus- it was just Hummus, nothing distinctive or outstanding about it, The rice was bland and a little dry- needs a little more dill in my taste The Tzatziki was clearly homemade since it was a bit watery- also needs more dill and not just a cucumber and watery yogurt with little lemon juice combination. The Tabbouleh was fresh and "clean," I only wish the portion was larger since that was  the winner of the plate. The Baklava was very clean and crisp- she does an excellent job with the filo dough and its sweet enough for me without being overpowering. The grocery portion of the store is lacking in variety and mostly dusty from a clear lack of any outside employees with only a huband/wife team and children on the weekends labor force is just not enough to bring this place to what the potential could be. I might try it one more time for the Gyros.
Gluten-Free! Yes that is right, they have GF pitas and meat pies and spinach pies and tabouli. They are all delicious. What is great is that the pitas fresh are just as good as non-GF - so unlike most GF breads you don't have to toast them for them to be tolerable.  They also have this very thin round bread thing that we have started using at home to make a pizza roll-up. You can buy all the GF stuff (minus the tabouli) and freeze it safely with out damaging the quality. You just use a toaster or a toaster oven for a new seconds to thaw.
These folks are kind and their food is lovely.
I really enjoyed this place. I ordered the combo platter which consisted of roasted beef, lamb and chicken skewers, on a bed of rice. The lamb was my favorite. I recommend the lemonade! You can really pick up on the orange water that it's made with. For dessert we tried the baklava which was superb! Next time We will try it with their Turkish coffee. The nice owner or manager tried to get us some before we left but we were in a hurry. We will be back that's for sure.
Fantastic authentic middle eastern food. Try the whole wheat Pita bread. I had the lamb kebab with tabouli. Delicious! Try the lemonade as well. I would highly recommend this place to my friends and family.
I tried their chicken schwarma. The price was right ($5.99), and it tasted good. I like the atmosphere too. It has an authentic Middle-Eastern look and feel, grocery store and all. I wasn't blown away by the customer service. Maybe I caught him on an off day, I don't know, but the schwarma did take a little longer than expected to prepare. I'll definitely give this place another go sometime though.
I absolutely love the food at this restaurant. I work a couple blocks away and my coworkers and I get this at least once a week. I always order the Lebanese chicken and sometimes order a side of falafel. They are both amazing! The salad dressing for the greek salad is so good, the rice is unlike any other rice I've tasted and the Lebanese chicken is seasoned perfectly. The lemonade is also the best lemonade I've ever had and definitely doesn't taste like most lemonade. If you're in the area, definitely stop by and check this place out! It is an amazing local restaurant, store and bakery!
Excellent place to eat!  We were treated with such kindness on our visit! The wonder gave us a  coffee and baklava to eat after our meal.  I ate their combo plate as I couldn't decide what to have as it all looked delectable!

They make their pita's HOMEMADE along with the hummus!  Don't MISS OUT on passing by this deli!!!

Also a MUST try is the lemonade!!!  Why???  It is sweetened with honey and rose water!
The schwarma is delicious, it's almost as good as what I had when I lived in the Middle East, and the hot sauce is very flavorful, without being so hot that it's inedible. I always take home a package of their fresh pita, which is better than any I've had locally, and their baba ganoush. They also have an excellent, if small, selection of fresh, frozen and packaged foods; I usually buy the labne.
This is a five star place, no doubt.  Good for people who don't eat meat. good for people who love meat....how is that possible? This is a small operation, family vibe all the way, with wonderful lunch and dinner options.  I have personally had: the vegetable sunsubeck (i am totally spelling that incorrectly) which is veggies in a phyllo; mezza (appetizer with hummus, babganosh, cheese, pitas, etc); falafel; lemonade (awesome!) and the walnut baklava.  All of these items were good to excellent.  This is by far one of my favorite middle eastern food places in the world, even better than the Shwarma King in Bratislava, Slovakia...no joke!   I have taken people to Sahara who afterwards raved about the lamb tikka.  I have never cooked or eaten  lamb, but my friends tell me it is a difficult meat to prepare so that it is not tough and that the lamb here is excellent.  Just passing the word along, good thing this is not Law and Order or else that last statement would be stricken from the record for being here-say...or something clever that Jack McCoy would come up with...ooops..i digress..

There are three different kinds of baklava...let me say that again:  THREE KINDS O' BAKLAVA:  pistachio, walnut and almond.  The honey and rosewater in the baklava really puts it over the top.  Oh and did I mention that it is moderately priced, lunch under $10, dinner for two under $40 with drinks, appetizer and desert.  Also has take out, take away, whatever you want...Okay let me give the rundown:

Food:  awesome
Service:  first rate, nice, warm, feels like home
Atmosphere:  busy, with people excited to be eating good food
Would I go again:  I might go tomorrow!
Should you go:  yes x 100
The best cheap food ever!  I can personally attest to the Doum.... (the fava bean dip) the Kuku sandwich, the hummus, and the falafel, the Fetaita sandwich, and the veggie sambusek.  It is all so cheap!  It took me a year to realize that there was actually seating inside the building.  It's fun and quirky in there.  The service is friendly, though sometimes a little distracted... but it is a family run place and I like the non-hovering

Note:  They closed Oct 31 at this location because the property owner is selling and it is the future site of a CVS parking lot (booo).  I'll write back more when/if they find a new location.  I went there twice yesterday to say goodbye.  They said they might stay open a few days longer, but their lease is up and I ate the last of their Fool!
I love this place and was so sad when they closed down. 

From what I know they are about to open their new location. I don't know when, but it's located on Southern and McClintock.
Sahara is back on the NE corner of Mclintock and Southern, right by Nellos. The food is as great as it was at  Mill/University location. My favorite rice in the Valley.
I am so glad to have rediscovered Sahara at its new location! I've been on a quest to discover the best hummus in Phoenix and when this place closed at its old location, I was sure that the best stuff was gone forever! But it's back, still run by it's original Iraqi owner, and just as delicious as before. The tahini-rich hummus and babganoush are the best around and the grape leaves are stuffed with saffron rice and lots of herbs and spices. My favorite thing to do it order a couple of lemonades, the vegetarian platter, and one of the pits sandwiches (the kuku is pretty tasty) and share it all with a friend. The baklava isn't bad either. Oh, and it's cheap!
Used to frequent back at their old Mill Ave & University location. Same as it ever was--outstanding.

Do yourself a favor and order a plate of Chicken Feta. You don't like this, you don't like butter on your biscuits.
This is THE best Middle Eastern food in the valley! I used to frequent their Mill location at least once a week and was crushed when they left. Now they are back and I can't wait to work them back into my routine!

Their hummus is to die for, the Vegetable Sunbusek is AMAZING, I seriously think about their lentil soup all the time and I am pretty sure I could live on their Vegetarian Sampler Platter alone for the rest of my life. If you have not been here yet, you are missing out on one of the greatest locally owned Phoenix gems.
This is my favorite Middle Eastern Restaurant in Tempe. I'm so happy they reopened in their new location! My favorites are the Chicken Tikka, Veggie Sunbusek, and the soup. If you've never had Sahara lentil soup you need to go there now! It is to die for. 
The owner is always super friendly as is everyone else that works there. I highly recommend anyone to check this place out.
Start ssssspreeaaaddding the news..... Sahara is open again.....
Sahara is now open at the corner of McClintock and Southern. Noticeable
changes include: a wider arrangement of paint colors on the walls and
more seating. Notable mainstays are all intact. I stuffed my face
for a song and the owner recognized me... and not for my recent
appearance in one of the "52 weekends" photos in the February Phoenix
magazine...but for my previous patronage at Sahara. Patronize on, I will.  And maybe I'll start being a little more timely in my posting... since I started this one in January and it is now....April.
I am one lucky hummus-sasbi-falafel-lovin' chica to be able to be about a 7 minute walk to Sahara. It's worth the venture from far away places to seek out this jewel. It would be worth the gas anyway because it's inexpensive and 100% delicious. The menu is standard middle eastern fare with great vegetarian choices, but all consistently tasty. Since I'm such a carb fiend, I'll mention that the pita and rice are perfect.

On top of serving up some super saucy dishes, the owner and family are SO incredibly nice and friendly. Your second trip there will feel like some rite of passage, because he'll recognize you and you'll feel like you're sitting at the family table. I'd probably feel like a bad person if I said the food didn't taste good because they are so nice. The comfortable setting, lovely staff and delicious food make this an altogether wholesome experience. Mmmmm.
Went on Friday night with a friend for dinner.  Ordered lemonade.  It was interesting but I wouldn't order it again.  Something about the rose water in it did not make it refreshing.  Then came out the babganouj and pita bread- just okay not nearly the best I've ever had.  It wasn't garlicky enough for my tastes.  Next was the lentil soup.  Oh.  My.  Gosh this was by far the best tasting soup I have had in my ENTIRE LIFE.  I will crave this constantly until I can return to have it again.  The thin little noodles and the yummy flavor in it.  yum!!  Next I had a falafel sandwich.  Was very good and well worth the less than $5 it cost.  I couldn't even finish it.

I highly recommend eating here but you must order lentil soup!!
This restaurant was amazing.  Only one waitress at the time and had a bit of a delay in service but she was super friendly and the food was above and beyond outstanding!  Go here!
Just came back from lunch at Sahara.  The back of the menu has a great lunch deal.  I ordered the chicken tikka (spelling???).  I got to pick two sides so it was the hummus and salad.  My plate was full.  The chicken was so tender and moist and nicely spiced.  The hummus was perfect.  Delicious.  I devoured it first with the best pita bread.  The salad was great.  I am not sure what was in the dressing but it was good.

Sahara is a charming little spot.  Our waitress was wonderful.  My date and I asked for spicy chicken and she saw to it that our mouths would indeed burn.  She even brought out tabasco, sriracha, and a home made hot sauce to increase the flames.  And to top it off our waitress happened to be beautiful.  Gorgeous, and I bat for the other team.  She said her grandmother was back in the kitchen and that the food on Sahara's menu is what she grew up on.  Lucky girl because the food is awesome.
My first ME restaurant, and obviously my first Sahara food.

Per other reviews, I tried the lentil soup.  Very good.

Also had Tikka Combination and a combination appetizer, also very good.

I was a little disappointed  in the spices.  I guess I was expecting more.  I've recently tried Indian food at Taj Mahal on Scottsdale road, where the variety of flavors is amazing.
Every time I come here, I always think, "Okay, I'll try something different this time." I don't. I always get the Vegetable Musakaa. Oh goodness, the eggplant is so tender, it just melts in my mouth. And it's served in an amazingly flavorful tomato-based sauce with garlic slices (roasted to the point of mellow flavor - nothing a simple mint can't solve after dinner) that I could eat every day for the rest of my life and never be able to tell you what combination of spices they use to make it so perfect. It (and every entree) comes with lentil soup (or salad, but I'm stuck in a food habit at Sahara) which warrants a paragraph on its own, or even a sonnet to fully convey my love for it, but this isn't the place for such intimate thoughts. Just be sure to have at least a cup.
The food:
The reviews are true- the lamb kuzi is ridiculously good and a great buy.  It is tender, well seasoned and very generous in proportion.  They garnish with almonds and raisins and serve with a large portion of well-cooked (and high quality) rice.  I will echo other reviews that the vegetarian musaka is great but it was a definite second to the lamb if you're a meat eater.  If eggplant is your thing, it's salty, savory, good texture for the eggplant and just enough garlic.

Atmosphere:
The place was pretty empty while we were there- a Thursday night- but it was cute and comfortable.  Nothing high-brow but that's part of its charm.  

Service:
The owner, Ali, waited on us and was more than accommodating. If you're into supporting local businesses with charming owners, here is a another stop for you.   We told him we heard about the restaurant on Yelp and that seemed to excite him though he wasn't really sure what Yelp was.  In the end, he gave us a free baklava which my dinner date liked but I thought was a little too peppery.  It's not the traditional baklava (extra cardamom I believe) but he liked the spin on it.  I guess I'm boring enough to prefer something more traditional.

All in all, a great experience- can't wait to go back to try more on the menu.  I'm sure it's all just as great of a deal and just as delicious.

One Downside- for you drinkers, no alcohol.  I'm going to suggest a BYOB endeavor for Ali...
The Lamb kuzi was the probably the best lamb dish I have had at any restaurant ever.  The owner was great and very friendly.  We told him we were there for the first time and that we loved the food and he was so happy to hear the compliments that he gave us free baclavah.  Come support this great restaurant and its local owners!
I've been going here for a number of months now. Everything is consistently good, but my favorite is the chicken curry. Even the homemade dressing they use for the little side salads they serve is yummy! I'm also a big fan of the Chicken Tikka lunch special with hummus and salad. My husband can't get enough of the gyros. It's worth a visit if you like middle eastern food. They nail it here.
Even after reading the reviews, I was still surprised by how nice the decor, how warm the service and how fucking delicious the lentil soup really is!

Needing sustenance fast, I had an exacting friend that knew his babaganoush and his hummus and I had some vegetarian and inexpensive critiera, so this place fit the bill exactly. Located in the same strip mall as the Gold Bar, parking was easy and the interior was intimate but still clean. They really straddled the line between overdecoration and cleanlineness and airinees fit for a breezy lunch and won, which is quite a feat. Our server was friendly and not overbearing and we chose booth seating. The menu isn't overwhelming but all the choices are solid. We chose the mezza platter to get all the dips, and I chose the Vegetarian Mousaka since the eggplant had been raved about in another review. 

I was stunned for under 7 bucks, the appetizer was huge and they really do not skimp on pita what-so-ever, we had a huge plate and had some left over at the end of dinner! Warm, fresh,....oh yeah. The lentil soup is more of a red dal puree with a subtle sea salt taste without being too salty-it is a real winner with some short noodles and onion mixed in (and our soup came free with dinner). My plate of Mousaka was huge with a large generious serving of rice and true to form, the eggplant was tender the sauce was thick tomato without tasting of being premade. I ended up eating almost all of it when I really should've saved half for lunch today (bummer). The only real downside was the drink selection wasn't mind-blowing and I stuck to water.

I wished I had saved room for the baklava, but I will next time, in fact I am pretty happy I have a go to place for food before running errands on this side of town.

And def. believe the hype about the Lentil Soup-they have it every day!
02/05/10

Met three friends for lunch- a first-time visit for all of us.  Was pleasantly surprised to find that this restaurant had such a nice atmosphere-- pretty tapestries adorned the walls, and the windows had nice wooden embellishments.  (I was expecting another Haji-Baba-type venue bec. of the location.)  Our server, who struck me as either the manager or the owner, was warm and friendly, and even chimed in when he overheard us discussing a documentary on the food industry (Food, Inc.); I'm used to a curt greeting, head down, followed by a pen landing on an order pad.

On to the food.  Kat and Kevin, both vegetarians, ordered a falafel pita and a sanbusek lunch platter.  Violeta H. and I ordered the chicken tikka platter (hers w/ rice and mine w/ salad).  All of the dishes looked wonderful!  The falafel pieces looked so delicious, I almost wished I'd ordered that instead until I saw the marvelous-looking plate of sanbusek that landed in front of Kevin, which made me wish I'd ordered THAT instead!  (I usually stay away from fried foods, especially at Middle eastern venues since many use corn oil for frying.)  They both found the dishes quite tasty and "easy on the stomachs," with only the complaint of the sanbusek's small portion size.  The chicken tikka filets looked moist, slightly charred at the edges, and had a beautiful amber-orange hue from the marinade used.  We all very much enjoyed the hummus!  One of the best I've tried in the valley (although Phoenix's Persian Garden Cafe and Chandler's Pita Jungle still top all the venues I've tried)!  I actually found the tikka to be a bit dry, yet still very tasty.  The salad was also delightfully crisp, the lettuce sweet, and the dressing light and zesty (really liked the cumin on top).

Since none of them wanted to have dessert (we were all quite full and satisfied), I bought some walnut baklava to-go.  These pieces were ambrosial!  They were just the way I like them- phyllo still crispy, yet had just enough honey syrup to coat your tastebuds AND your fingers.  These were literally finger-lickin' good!  I wasn't surprised that these were made with a butter and margarine blend (I asked), which means I won't be ordering them again, but if this fact doesn't bother you, then by all means, you HAVE to try the baklava!
Sometimes I dream about this place. True story.

You walk in, and although the decorations are a bit sparkly, don't let than deter you. The food is sure to put a smile on your face.

Get the house soup. It's home-made orange (!) lentil lusciousness in a bowl. And get the hot chai tea.

My choice for entree is the vegetarian curry, although they don't always offer that. When the Heavens part, though, and it's there, it's like something otherworldly served on a plate. It's got the after-taste of coconut milk (which they use), and is perfectly balanced with a creamy yet curry spice flavor.

Their hummus is extra smooth and creamy, just like most of the rest of their food, which can only be good.

And, oh, I could not dare forget the tiramisu. A huge (for reals) piece of this cake slapped on a plate, decorated with chocolate frosting, and only surviving for about the 8 or so minutes it takes to consume, this is just wonderful. The chocolate powder coats the roof of your mouth as the coffee liquor tickles your tongue. I think I'd better stop.

Please visit this place. They were displaced from Mill Avenue after the drugstore CVS megaton dropped itself in its old location. It took them a while to re-locate, and that whole time I felt lost.

I recently re-discovered this gem, and encourage all to enjoy it as do I. 

P.s. The ONLY reason why this doesn't have 5 stars is because, while not a bank breaker, this place is a bit pricey. Hard for me to really enjoy it when I'm thinking about the moolah I'll have to shell out in the end. But, lest we forget the slice of Heaven this place really is, hiding inside a strip mall, and all.
After reading the other reviews, my expectations came high.

The hummus is great.  My gyros was good.

Service was fast and efficient for lunch.
I've been to Sahara Middle Eastern twice. The first time that I went there, I really did enjoy myself. I went with a buddy for lunch, I had the gyro pita and he had the chicken schawarma pita. The food was delicious, served quickly. The food didn't last long on our plates; it was totally devoured after the first bite. The rice was great. everything cooked to perfection. I made a promise to myself to return again soon. So I did. 

The second time I went, I had talked another one of my friends into going. He's not the biggest middle eastern food fan, but he aquiesced and we went over. We show up, see the "Open" sing hanging in the door, the electronic open sign flashing in the window, pull the door, open, and walk in. We are promptly met and seated near a couple of people who were eating, by a woman who gives us menu's and a few minutes to pick out what we want; In the mean time she brought us some water. After we decide what to have, the owner, presumably, walks in from outside, looks at us, and walks over, and tells us that the restaurant is closed. We nervously glanced at each other, and because we thought he was joking, chuckled politely and placed out order. After all, we'd been seated, given silverware, menus, water, and time to decide what to eat. Well, turns out he wasn't kidding. And he apparently thought we were laughing maliciously at him. He grabbed my menu from my hands, told us to get out, that the restaurant was closed, pointed to the door,  and that we need to learn to read signs. Effectively, we were thrown out of the restaurant, and left without commotion or a word to him other than "ok, ok, we're sorry." Sorry for what, other than wanting to patronize a restaurant which I had previously enjoyed, I don't know. Outside, confused, we looked on the door, and saw the open/close times. They close at 2:45; we looked at our watches, it was 2:55. 

I can understand we walked in right at 2:45. I understand that the hours of operation were posted (albeit, in tiny print), and that we should have seen them. However, it is in Tempe, a college town, in the early afternoon. There were people inside eating. The open sign was showing, as well as the flashing neon sign. We were seated, given water. Only to be unceremoniously thrown out over what was a misunderstanding. The whole fiasco could have been handled better, and it has left a poor taste in my mouth. I won't be returning any time soon.

Bottom line, yes, the food is delicious. I recommend the Gyro pita if you do find yourself here (It's the only reason I'm not giving them a 1 star). However, the treatment we received was completely uncalled for. We seem to be the only people who have received such treatment here, so I hope it was a fluke and the gentleman was merely having a bad day.
Went to this place based on Yelp's great reviews.  I'll make it quick and dirty:

1.  The Lentil Soup is as good as advertised.  Best I have EVER had.
2.  The waitress is indeed very cute, again repeating other Yelpers.
4.  The basmati rice was top-notch.
3.  The rest of the food was "decent" but far from "awesome."

Pita Jungle has better food at similar prices.  If you want this type of food, other than the lentil soup, it's decent but not a must-stop spot.  I might go back just for that lentil soup.  Still making my mouth water 16 hours later.

UPDATE 7-14-2011:

Went back, and the lentil soup was only "Meh" this time.  I had thought that maybe it would be 100% consistent with my past visit and all the other reviews.  Unfortunately, I must have caught them on a rare "weak lentil soup" day.  I ordered two bowls and a cup ($10.85) before knowing it would be less than awesome.  Too bad.  So there's that - the possibility that the fabulous lentil soup might have bad days.
I've been eating at Sahara for years - even when it was at its previous location - and it's the best Middle Eastern cuisine I've ever had in the valley of the sun. The dishes are authentic and the restaurant has been owned by the same family for as long as I can remember...and they are very sweet people!

I make frequent Sahara trips to pick up hummus with roasted chicken. The owner always thinks I'm funny for ordering such a "small" dish for a meal, but I promise him that it completely fills me up. Especially since they give me enough pita bread to finish the dish, which is important!

Food for thought: My brother is incredibly picky about where he eats. Whenever he comes back to Tempe, Sahara is always his first stop.
After spending the afternoon fighting with the BoA I needed a break. I ventured into Sahara Middle Eastern Resturant, I've read the yelpish praise and was hopeful. What I was met with was a nicely decorated small cozy resturant with Middle Eastern music in the background that was peppered with seemingly happy customers, yup - yelp got it right yet again! 

Happy and excited I ordered some sprtie and poured over the menu. I decided on the lunch platter with gyro meat, salad and hummus with a side of falafels. I enjoyed myself and took calls feeling very power lunch-ish. lol 

The food came and it was good... but not drop dead, slap my momma good. The hummus was WAY better than that crap you get at the grocery store, but Baiz makes it better; the falafels were good, but Phoenican makes better, gyros were okay, but Oliveo's is spectactular. I was slightly underwhemled at first.

It wasn't until I really started to think about describing this experience I thought of something: Sahara is consistently good, across the board. Which is really something, each of the aforementioned places have their weak points whereas Sahara didn't have any that I noticed. If there were one, I noticed the sole waiter pawned over some of the women while he ignored the rest of us, men included.... and he was a little pervy in doing so... So much so that I overheard a couple of women say that they love the food but the guy gives them the creeps.

To my yelpers, I say: Overall, the food is consistenly good and I'm glad I had given this place a try and if you're a female dining alone or with just the girls, be prepared to be a little creeped out, I gotta admit, I kind of was.
The lentil soup and feta chicken are delicious but they have many more flavorful dishes. The grandma is always in the back cooking and the family is out front most of the time serving. They are very friendly people.  This is a great place.
Sahara's lamb shanks are to die for, the gyros are just ok and the salads are pretty bad. None of that really matters though because the lamb is some of the best out there. Stick to the lamb meal and you won't find anything to complain about.
Whoa, great-tasting-gyro-salad!!  I went here the other day as a sort of pit-stop before heading to Gold Bar when my friend and I realized we were all of a sudden hungry.  I had no idea this place was even here, but we discovered it just driving around looking for some 'refreshing' food.  (who really wants to eat a non-refreshing greasy pizza or fast food when it's freakin' 115 degrees outside?)  So glad we did!

The place is clean, the food is good, the prices are reasonable (specials appear to be a daily thing here), and the service is pleasant and quick.  I'm sure I'll be back.
While not my first place to go for middle eastern fare, it is a place to keep in the rotation.  Tempe has no shortage of Middle Eastern food and this is one of the good ones.  The staff is very friendly, the food comes out quick and is quite tasty.  Better yet, it is less than 1/4 mile from my house.  

I know many people recommend the lentil soup, which I tried based on the recommendations and I thoroughly enjoy.  They use red lentils rather than the green (?) lentils that seem more common.  In my experience, red ones are more mild and more delicate.

I don't recall what entrees we got but it was tasty.  The only issue I had with this place once is that they randomly close early.  It could have been a single occurrence but I called to see if they were open after 8p, and he said no.  Then when I went in a few weeks later their hours say they close at 9p.  I have no problem with people closing when they aren't busy, but I would suggest making a phone call to check if they are open if you plan on going later in the evening.
I had take out tonight from Sahara's and it was of course, delicious. I've been eating here for over 15 years (way before they moved), and it's consistently very good. Their rice is fantastic, as are their grape leaves. The meat is always very good, whether it is chicken, gyro meat or their lamb shank. I'm not much into lentils, but I hear their lentil soup is delicious. I also appreciate their large portions and reasonable prices; it's great having left overs. If you are looking for tasty Middle Eastern food in Tempe, I definitely recommend Sahara.
Sahara is yet another great little Middle Eastern restaurant. Unfortunately for me, I never was as much of a regular as I wanted to be, but I enjoyed the food every time I got to go here. The decor in the new Sahara is definitely unique to Middle Eastern restaurants in Tempe; it's actually quite swanky and well maintained! Sahara's staff is also quite nice and have always been great to me. So, if you've gotten a chance to try Phoenecia and Haji Baba, and want to find another great Middle Eastern restaurant in Tempe, or you want to find a nice looking restaurant for a date, Sahara is it.
The owner is usually here and he is very friendly. I had the lentil soup that everyone raves about, it is good but mine is better! The fattoush is fab and the veggie dishes are all great. I always get the Mezza appetizer-  a plate of pure deliciousness!! Their tabbouleh is some of the best I have had. Great little place with good prices.
Lunch menu is best bang for your buck.   You can get a huge meal for $7.50.   Fantastic gyro and rice combo meal.    The lunch chicken was not that amazing.
Decent Middle Eastern food.  They have a nicely varied overall selection, and pretty good lentil soup.  I wasn't particularly wowed by my selection (the vegetarian combo), but I might go here again to try out some of their other dishes.  Until then, Sahara is just A-OK to me.
I love SAHARA! Their Sambusek is amazing--it's like a Middle Eastern pasty---I love Cornish, too, obviously ; ) Lunch Specials are incredibly cheap for a large portion. Excellent STRONG Turkish coffee......Get'r'done everyone!
The wife and I went on a Friday night, we had a great experience! The food was prepared well and the hummus was delish. The owner was a very gracious host. Highly recommended!
After trying the one in Gilbert several years ago, I was afraid to try this location. But I was hungry from fasting for a blood test and decided to try this location. I won't be going back.

For the record, this is not the same owner as the one in Gilbert (as I found out), and the food was much better than the one in Gilbert. I ordered a chicken shwarma plate with a side of hummus - to go. Instead of warning me that there's no lunch plate available for shwarma, only pita wraps, I was charged for a full priced dinner.  Nice.  Thanks.

The "dinner" comes with rice topped with a tomato sauce, salad or lentil soup and the shwarma. The shwarma had a great flavor, but was a little dry for my liking. The rice was overwatered, meaning it was mushy and they used too much water when cooking it. The tomato sauce they used to top the rice was good. What shocked me was that they put a small salad in the corner of my to-go box and the lettuce was covered with the warm rice and chicken. Gross. Soggy, warm lettuce. Ew. I cannot comment on the side salad I received because I forgot to tell him that I don't like creamy dressings and it was smothered in it.  My fault for not telling him.

They don't make their hummus fresh. Their hummus has the consistency and taste of the canned hummus you can buy at Haji Baba's down the street. It was over salted (canning process!) and they used too much oil for the consistency. I threw away my lunch half way through. I can get better food elsewhere.

If you are not familiar with Middle Eastern cooking, you will find this place good and charming. If you are familiar, I'm sure you know to steer clear of this place.
Totally authentic. Splendid.
I absolutely love this little Middle Eastern eatery. The service is great and the atmosphere is casual and intimate. God, you have to try the lentil soup, yes it is as good as everyone has been exclaiming. I will order that every time I go there. I always order falafel (vegetarian $9.95, fava and garbanzo beans deep-fried patties served with hummus, tabouli and pita bread) and it was awesome. My partner ordered the lamb roast ($14.95 tender chunks of boneless lamb in seasoned gravy over rice and topped with toasted almonds.) 

Everything was very flavorful and fresh. It is a bit of a shame that this place is kind of hidden with no real exposure. Great for vegetarians and meat eaters alike.
I am in a *DEEP* love affair with Sahara......I feel, there is nothing they could do wrong.....All the dips are super dank (the trio is a must), the Lentil soup really is RIDICULOUSLY DELISH(By far, the best I've ever had!), the lunch combo with Chicken Tikka, basmati sweetness, hummus, house salad-if feeding 2-add a veggie Sanbusek-uh double up uhh uhhhh! 
**The Lamb Kuzi totally rocked my face off with its tenderness & the pumpkin pudding.....oh the pumpkin pudding......Mmmmmm......reminiscing on past food experiences at Sahara makes me slip into a fuzzy, warm food coma....Sweet food laced dreams everyone! 

PS-I adore the owner, Ali, he is so sweet & charming-A truly gracious & proud owner-Thank you so much* XXOO
Its really that good.
I was invited by a couple who had a restaurant.com certificate.  It's nowhere near my usual stomping grounds, but I am always up to try new food!

There was nothing wrong with anything we ordered.  It just wasn't exceptional.  The room is clean and well appointed.  Service was on the ball.
The coffee was FANTASTIC.

The three of us shared the appetizer combo.  Fresh, well presented - but lacking in real flavor.  Everything just seemed a bit on the bland and blah side.

I was really not thrilled with my gyro salad - the meat was dry and tough - and it was a very yogurt based dressing instead of the classic oil/vinegar/herb blends I'm used to.  Plenty of romaine, feta, tomato, cucumber and a couple kalamata olives for good measure.

My companions were happy with their dinners - and it did look and smell like the flavor that was missing in the appetizer may have been made up for in the grilled meats.

The tiramisu one of my companions ordered from dessert was from the Costco freezer. She was sure of it, as that's the one she usally gets for her house.  She wouldn't have been as pissed about it if it was thawed by the time it reached our table.  I tried to make a joke of it - due the Phoenix heat, we have hybrid desserts - enjoy your Tiramisicle!  (Yeah, she didn't think it was funny, either.)

All in all - not a horrible meal - but nothing I'd rush back for.  Especially with Haji Baba so close.  If I'm in Tempe and craving Middle Eastern - that's where you'll find me.
A-maz-ing food. Offering a board range of marinated meats and vegetarian/vegan courses, none of the entrees will disappoint, but be sure to opt for their lentil soup. Their babaganoush is also the best in the town. My parents and I have been going here for more than ten years, and the family who own this place are really amazing people and never fail to make their patrons feel welcome.
Tried this spot last weekend for lunch with my boyfriend and his sister. I ordered Hummus with Chicken, my boyfriend got the Lamb Gyro and his sister ordered the Feta, tabouli and vegie gyro and we ordered a Hummus appetizer.

Ok, so the appetizer reminds me of a 'happy hour' appetizer. Ya know the one where you feel a lil jipped except here you're paying full price, so I was a lil disappointed. It was really good but, it was ity bity. 

As for his lamb gyro, he ate it up and said it was delish, the vegie gyro apparently was not up to par and she couldn't get through it. She said it seemed like some of the ingredients were still raw/undercooked as far as the veggies went.

As for my hummus. It was good not great. It was exactly the same size as the appetizer hummus with a lil chicken in it. Flavor was good but the chicken was dry. 

I'm a huge fan of middle eastern food, but can't say I'm a huge fan of this place unfortunately.
Great soup!  Good service and yummy food!  Try something different to mix it up.
Went here for dinner with a group of four.  We were all very happy with our  food and service.  The chicken feta, the lamb tikka, and the lamb kuzi were all extremely flavorful (I could have gone with a little more sauce on the lamb kuzi, but that's just me).  For dessert, the carrot pudding hit the spot.  Great service.  We'll all be back.
One my fav places.i always get the mezza platter to split and lentil soup.a perfect lunch.the owner is nicest man he will always have a smile and remember u.promise u will love it.also their baklava is yummy and try the home made lemon aid( i rhyme) it has hints of rosewater
Great food and service.
I love this Restaurant! The Lentil soup is amazing and Chicken Biryani was as well!
OOOMMMMMGGGGGG! I'm still getting over how amazing the food and service here was! We ate there tonight and I have to say, there is absolutely nothing bad I can say about this place. I ordered the vegetarian platter and the almond baklava, while my boyfriend got the chicken feta. The food is so fresh and healthy, I kept forgetting that I was downing a veritable feast of Middle Eastern goodness! 

The man who served us, Ali, is the pinnacle of great customer service and he will keep you happy through and through. The nice lady who works there is great, too. You will not regret your visit to Sahara...now come here, ASAP!!!!!!!!
Nice lunch spot. Solid food and easy prices.
The vegetable sunbusek is awesome, other food is okay.  Baklava was not that great.  My husband loved it, but I thought it tasted a little old.
great food and friendly service. 

The family that owns sahara is great. Love the falafel pita!!
Went here again and shared a lot of dishes.  After trying the lamb kuzi, I was hooked!  Everything was very good, except maybe the musaka, which tasted too sour (Maybe too much tomato in the dish).  They had a very interesting and delicious carrot pudding that night too. Upgrade 1 star!
I almost dropped my review to 4 stars because service was a little slow but then something occurred to me. Fast sit-down service is so American. It's customary for us to order an appetizer, shovel it down quickly before the salad comes and mow down the salad before your entree arrives.

Sometimes it's okay to sit down, relax and enjoy your food as much as you do your company.

The service might have been a little slow (one person waiting on 5 or 6 tables and taking care of the take out orders) but our server was extremely courteous. And the food, oh damn, the food was sooo good. I can highly recommend the lamb roast served over rice and the chicken shawarma dinner plate served with rice. Both very delicious.

Sahara is a little bit of a drive but I will most certainly be returning. MMMMMMMMmmmmmmm!
Great food! Great service! Great atmosphere! Highly recommended! Can't wait to go back:) - had the chicken feta and the chicken shawirma. Best middle eastern food I've ever had!
I loved this place! Amazing food and service. The servings are just right and very flavorful. Would highly recommend this place if you want a nice quiet dinner.
I really love Sahara.  The only issue I ever have with them is the semi-inconsistant hours.  Some days they are open all day, some days they close in the middle for a couple hours, sometimes they close early.  Call before you head out.

The food and service is excellent.  When my coworkers and I venture out for lunch, this is a prime destination.  The service is good, without being the overly-perky-waitress-that-checks-on-you-every-five-minutes.  The owner is incredible, he actually remembers the names of his semi-regular guests, and seems to remember the preferences of our groups.  He really pays attention to his customers, which is really a nice bonus.

The food is just delicious.  The lebne, the hummus, the tabouleh is all great.  My favorite entrees are the Chicken Tikka and the Vegetable Sambousek.  Order the Sambousek as a meal or an appetizer, you will be happy.  It's a rich flaky crust filled with nicely spiced vegetables and potatoes.  The Gyro is also good, several of my coworkers order it consistently, and my mother loves the Chicken Shawarma.

Check out the lunch specials!  They are great for lunch, not too busy around 11-12 so you can take your coworkers and not have to wait for seating to be available.  They have also never had an issue in splitting our checks with no additional fee.

Lastly, do yourself a favor and get a piece of baklava and a Turkish coffee.  It's amazing.
Been here once and had take-out thrice. Obviously, I LIKE THE FOOD.
Service is slow but kinda ok, you get to talk and not get served food from a production line. Lots of things on the menu to choose from. Love the guy who owns the place, he can get chatty sometimes but who cares till he serves the awesome food. Its difficult to compare it to Haji baba which is my fix for any mid-day middle eastern craving. I prefer this place for dinner.
Ok...I know you've heard it before...but the lentil soup is a definite 5 star! It is absolutely delicious...so much so that I wanted to lick the bowl...but I didn't, I just spoon licked it instead (you know....scraping and scraping until it's gone?)...yum. The other food that my friend and I got was good, but not even close to as good as that soup (which is definitely what I'm getting next time). I got the chicken biryani and my friend got the chicken curry. My chicken was good...it was a little spicy, but also a little sweet with a cinnamon -y flavor to it. My friend's curry was a typical curry...nothing terribly special. The service here was super slow...we waited like 20 minutes to even get water....which is unfortunate, but I can kind of understand it because it is only one girl running the whole front of house and she was busy. Despite this, it was still frustrating to just sit there and wait for so long. However, the good did outweigh the bad and I always like to go to family run restaurants, so I'll be back.
This place is amazing good! Excellent atmosphere, excellent service! I've now been here 5 times and it' been consistant! This place is going to know me by name!
I use to live a street over from this restaurant, it was a treat to go in there. They are such nice welcoming people. We would make it at least a weekly thing to eat there. I would always get the vegetarian platter or the falafel both amazing! THe owner is sooo nice and his daughter is also very friendly and super sweet!!! I haven't been here in a while thats why I gave the 4. I think a trip down there will definitely change my review!
The food, service, and atmosphere were more than great - I felt like I'd been invited to the most hospitable of all Arab homes where the hosts and the food left you speechless! 

First of all, the pictures of Iraq all over the place, along with the randomly placed decorative items on the walls, took me back to fond memories of family dinners. Then I look at the menu and can't decide of course which to order because - in peering over to the next table - I can see that all of the food looks pretty good. Fortunately, going as a group means I will get to sample a few plates! And so I settled for the lamb ouzi. It was amazing! And, so was the kabab dish with fluffy white rice covered in a tomato sauce that I couldn't get enough of. The other dish I was fortunate enough to try was the chicken fetta - on it's own definitely a comfort food i'd like to take home. Actually, I purposefully didn't eat too much just so I could take some home and enjoy it again!

Only complaint I have is they don't have a restaurant near me, plus they chose a name that many middle-eastern restaurant have... so don't be fooled - this, unfortunately in my case, is not a chain!
very attentive server-dani. 
excellent food, good price to value ratio. 
we were by ourselves for the first 30 mins, sad the place deserves to be full up.
i had the grilled combo, very flavorful, cooked right, very tasty, nice choice.
we will go again when we are up in phoenix, i'll try the arab coffee next time.
I go to lunch here regularly and the food is consistent and excellent. The owners are always friendly and recognize us when we come in. The red lentil soup is amazing. Falafel and hummus is really good too.
I'm in LOOOoooooOOOOVVVVvveeeeee!!!! I've been craving some good middle-eastern food for a while, and I found it!!!! yay!!!!!

This is such a cute, little restaurant; very clean and nicely decorated. Very attentive server (possibly the owner as well?) super friendly! You do feel that typical, hospitiable vibe that comes from this culture. 

As for the food.....SOOOOO GOOD!! The hummus is super fresh, not too garlicky, and actually a little bit lemony. Just, really refreshing. All of us ordered the lamb shank....mmmmmmmmm, the meat was just falling off the bone!!! soooooo tender! It had a slight curry taste to it, or maybe it was cinnamon? Anyways, it came with golden raisins and toasted almonds on top, different, but it works!!! The dish came with a cup of lentil soup (also, excellent flavors) or a salad. Not bad for 13 bucks!!

SOOOO excited we found this gem! I know we will be regulars at this wonderful place. :D
Food good, air conditioning bad.
I have been to many mediterranean restaurants and this place is below average.  Chicken was dry and the bread was not fresh.  This would have gotten much a much better review if I hadn't been to so many other restaurants serving this type of food.
Pricy for what they offer but has the best lamb shanks in town
Went there for lunch - and ordered the Vegetable Sumbushek on a whim with another entree. Absolutely worth it. Highly recommend the place if they can serve such quality food at lunchtime. Doesnt accept AMEX. ?? Still worth it.
I thought this restaurant was really good. Split a mezze appetizer and had Chicken Feta for an entree. It was really delicious: crispy pita bits, nice sauce. Great service. Will be back.
This is definitely the best middle eastern food I've tried in the valley. 

We ordered the feta chicken and the vegetarian platter to share. It was a TON of food, and the feta chicken is freaking awesome. I've never eaten anything like it. So so good though. The vegetarian platter was all good--falafel, hummus, baba ganoush, stuffed grape leaves, tabouli. All awesome. The pita bread is perfectly chewy. 

Combine great food with great service and reasonable prices? I'll definitely be back, probably sooner rather than later.
This is BY FAR the best Middle Eastern restaurant I've eaten at. It's inside a small plaza that's nothing flashy, but step inside and it's like walking into a vacation. The place is small, cozy and elegant. All the staff is friendly. The prices are kinda high. 

The waitress warned me that the Arabic coffee is strong and sweet. She brought out a tiny expresso-sized coffee (I assumed I was getting a full mug), however, the price is reasonable compared to a real caf and it was super yummy and just the right sweetness. 

Let me say that I've eaten at other Persian restaurants, such as Al-Ameera on Broadway, and that they have messed up my falafal before, with a terrible taste, that is, and well...how do you mess up something that is as popular as pizza to them?? But Sahara's falafal was generous and yummy. Their hummus is thick and creamy. Their pita bread is warm and made to perfection. I ordered a tabouli salad as an appetizer and it was my first time trying tabouli and it was very flavorful. It could have been a bland salad but the cook must have lots of experience with mint and lemon juice and exactly how to use them. 

I dragged my dad and husband to this place, trying to convince them that there's nothing wrong with foreign food, you know, sometimes you have relatives whose taste buds aren't as adventurous as yours. I made believers out of them.
One of my favorite middle eastern restaurants in the valley!

I don't think we've been disappointed by anything we've tried. We eat this type of food at home all the time, and many places are unable to take you back to childhood, but these dishes are spot on.

Tabouli is fantastic: good ratio of bulgur to parsley.
Fool is wonderful: one of my favorite dishes with a little kick and packed with flavor.
Lamb dishes are juicy and tender, chicken is never dried out, and the lentil soup is great!
For vegetarians, the sebzi is a very good choice.

I would recommend the vegetarian platter or the mezza as an appetizer. Don't forget to try the lentil soup, and if you feel like indulging, try some authentic dessert (baklava)!

The staff is friendly, accommodating, and a loving family. I recommend supporting this local restaurant and getting your fix of authentic middle eastern cuisine!

The hours on their website are somewhat incorrect, but the hours on the PDF menu are more accurate: they close between lunch and dinner, so make sure not to arrive before 5pm for dinner.
I have tried many of the middle eastern restaurants in the Tempe area (and there are quite a few). I would have to say this one is my favorite across the menu. All there dishes are tasty and consistent every time I go.
A friend of mine and I tried this place for the first time today! I had a falafel and she had Chicken Tikka with hummus. It was very tasty and inside the restaurant it is very pretty with a nice ambience. We also tried their pistachio baklava which was also very good! We will defnitely be back!
***The best the best the best!!!!! 

I have been eating at Sahara's since I was 15 years old, which at that time it was located on Mill Avenue. 

Sahara's is THE BEST you can get for Middle Eastern Cuisine. The lentil soup is TO DIE FOR and if you add this special green sauce, it's amazing! I usually stick with the chicken shawarma plate, which is amazing! They also have the best hummus in AZ! You must also try the Turkish coffee, which is out of this world with cream and sugar. It'll keep you up for hours!!

Lastly, the family that makes it all possible for us is warm and inviting. They are hard working and have been apart of the community in Tempe for years and years. Ali is my favorite, always a smiling face. :)
My first impression:  

The dining area was "Smallish"--maybe 25' x 35'--but not cramped due to good table configuration.  They are located in a corner suite so the place is filled with ample natural light during the day.  The restaurant was well decorated, presentable and most importantly--clean.  The server and a man who I think is the owner were light-hearted and personable. 

The hummus was perfect and I believe a touch better than Haji Baba's.  I liked the addition of the tomato garnish rather than Haji's olive with pit.  I'd love to add an heirloom tomato slice to it when they're in season.

I ordered a gyro wrap which I think could be decked out with a few more toppings.  I did however order mine without pickles.  Nevertheless, it was very tasty on account of the melding of the delicious meat with the perfectly warmed and toasted-in-certain-spots pita.  

The gyro wrap didn't come with any sides.  The gyro plate that my wife ordered did come with a delicious white rice with a light dusting of some red spice or sauce that was delicious.  Next time I'll be getting the gyro plate with a pita so I can load up my own gyro with rice and some hummus.  A little Sriracha sauce would've gone nicely but I didn't want it to get in the way of my first tasting.  I don't know if they have Sriracha available as I didn't ask.

I'll be hitting Sahara up regularly.  I feel like I'm in store for an even better experience once I start delving into the more involved dishes.
Although my meal was decent, if you're looking for feta cheese this isn't the restaurant for you. I went there looking for something with lots of feta (craving). However, none of the dishes come with feta including most of the salads. When I asked if I could get feta on my dish the owner refused saying it didn't go with the dish. By the way, the dish was named Chicken Feta. And, yes it would have been better with feta cheesee.
I am not quite sure if its because ive been sick and the gyro didnt taste as good as i expected but it affects my taste buds. All and all the gyro wrap i had was okay and when i am not sick ill give them a second chance.  My manager loved the gyro lunch plate and thought it was amazing.
I was really hungry and feeling some good food that was tasty and not a greasy cheeseburger or burrito.  I have always been a fan of Mediterranean or middle eastern food so I figured I would give this ace a chance .   I called to place a pick up order and was greeting by a kind , gentle spoken man . I ordered the chicken schwarma and a side of hummus .  When I went to pick it up , the restaurant was extremely clean and quite intimate.  The gentleman that took my order on the phone was kind and well dressed and spoken .   I paid and took my food home .  I was starving !! I got  home and sat down to some of the best food I have had in a while .  The hummus was slightly garlicky and smooth (not to oily) . The chicken schwarma was incredible and had these little red pepper/pickles and the chicken was perfectly cooked and extremely tasty and tender .  Overall I was extremely impressed and will be coming back for sure .
This is one of our favorite middle eastern restaurants and it's very close to home. We've dined in and ordered take-out often.  They dont have a full bar, but allowed to bring your own wine and/or beer with you. The ambiance is very simple, casual and cozy. The owner, Ali, is very friendly as well as his staff.  Our favorite dish is the Fetaita wrap which is a combo of feta cheese, hummus, tabouli and fresh vegetables. I always ask for extra diced cucumbers since It's my fave.  For an appetizer, get the Jajeek, yogurt dip minced w garlic and mint topped w cucumbers and olive oil; comes with pita bread.  Grape leaves and side of rice is always good, too!  
I dont think you could go wrong w what's listed on the menu. 
Def a must try!!!!
Excellent combos for lunch. Great authentic taste
Wonderful family-owned restaurant. Good food, good service, relaxing atmosphere.  Mondays were a little slower than other nights so this became my dinner, class prep, read, grade papers spot. I loved the turkish coffee and chatting with the fam. They're also apart of American Airlines and US Airways dining advantage club.
Absolutely, positively, the GO TO place for Mediterranean Food in this part of the Valley.  I just had a falafel pita there for lunch today that was incredible and filling--just the right amount of tahini to give it zing.  From their sunbuseks to their red lentil soup, nothing there is to be missed.  The baklava is about as good here as I've ever tasted it anywhere.  Service is always friendly.

It's not a long review because there isn't much more to say.   My whole family enjoys eating here.  This place rocks, and most of the other reviewers you'll read for this place agree with me.  Try it for yourself.
3 1/2 years after my first review I have been to this restaurant 4 times now.  What I loved most on my first visit was the lentil soup.  Yeah, it just doesn't do the same thing for me anymore.  I won't be back.  Not because the vegetarian platter wasn't good (though it is quite a bit higher in price than Haji Baba which is my FAVORITE!!) it's that we had an entertainment coupon that they wouldn't accept.  We did not find this out until after we had eaten and were ready to pay for our "meals".  (Spent more on the meal then would have on another falafel sandwich if I didn't have the coupon.)  We were told that the Entertainment Coupon book printed their coupon again without permission and they have a sign on the door to let people know before they come in.  The door was propped open so the sign was unreadable.  If we had known the coupon would not have been accepted we would have eaten somewhere else.  Seriously!  BIG DISAPPOINTMENT!
Best Middle Eastern sit-down restaurant around.  Friendly, family-run BYOB restaurant.  I was concerned when they moved away from ASU, but they place always seems full of loyal customers.  Our kids ask to go here for birthdays and my husband and I enjoy quiet dinners alone as well here.
Very very good......the lamb shank was out of this world...beware the plate is big. For appetizers make sure you get the grape leaves and hummus....cannot go wrong with it. For drinks get the mango nectar.

Forgive the wait....they do get busy for a good reason but they should figure out a way to reduce it.
The Chicken Feta is phenomenal.  Everything on the Veg Platter is probably the finest example  that you will find on North America.  This is the place to go for Middle Eastern in the Valley - or in the States for that matter!
We decided to give this a try after being long time regulars at Haji Baba.

While it was very good and I'd say their meat hummus is probably better than Haji, everything else was about average and expensive in comparison.
Excellent food.  I had the Gyros meal with hummus and a side salad.  We went for lunch, the service was a little slow but it was worth it in the end.
Great place! Food was extremely tasty! Service was pleasant and accommodating.. I really liked the decor inside as well. We will definitely be coming back...
I've been eating at the Sahara since 1994 when a date took me there for dinner.  
I take EVERYONE there at least once, and now that I've moved out of Tempe, I make a point to go to this restaurant if I happen to be in the vicinity.

Great atmosphere, gracious service and consistently fantastic food.

I love Ali, Noor and the whole (family!) staff at the Sahara.
I love this place!  The food is authentic in addition to great service.  I always get the chicken feta dish and it is amazing.  I have tried some of the appetizers too and they are delicious.
Great lunch here today. Chicken tikka and hummus were tasty. Balaclava for dessert was round instead of flat but very good.
Perhaps I shouldn't review based on one dining experience.  Still I'm compelled because the food was so good.  I had the Fool Modemas with a side of falafel.  My first time eating the fava bean dish, trying to talk myself out of going back for more right now.  The falafel was the best I've eatened, light, crispy delicious. Why am I torturing myself... getting my keys.   Be Peace!
I walked in, and I was the only white guy there. That, considering the type of food I was about to eat, was a good sign for me. The owner served us, and he was extremely kind. Explained everything on the menu in detail for my cracker self, and brought everything out in a timely manner. Even my rude Jewish uncle was impressed, although I begged him not to mention his Jewish affiliations while we were in the restaurant...he did. I forgot what I got, but I remember wishing I got the lamb that my friends got. It was exceptional. Start off with the hummus and other dips with pita. I could have literally just ate that and been totally content. But I'm also a dip.
Not sure why the high reviews, its pretty typical, standard Middle Eastern fare, not great, not bad. 

I have had much better in the middle east of course.

I thought the prices were much too high for the portion size, but I always think that (cause I can and do eat A LOT).

Would I go back....maybe, if the GF was in the mood for it, but prob not on my own due to the prices...)
We ordered the chicken and lamb tikka and my wife order the chicken tikka.
The food is just ok in my opinion, nothing that yells I need more of this.  My wife agreed.
The lamb pieces were very small and the fat was not completely trimmed off.  The chicken was good.
The tabbouleh was the best thing we ate here.
The service was very friendly and the food came out in good time.
Simply put... one of those places where the ambiance/decor is lacking, but the food is out of this world.  The best of its genre.  I can't help but give it 5 stars... soooo good.  The falafels, hummus, gyro, turnip soup, etc... everything was incredible.  I will be back... alot.
I am in love! And it's right around the corner from my house! So that means it was meant to be. Try the lentil soup... You can't even handle how good it is, trust me.
Chicken feta is a must try.
Today I ate lunch here for the umpteenth time and it was delicious as always. My extended family and I have been eating at Sahara for years-back when it used to be located on Mill Ave. Everything I've tried is amazing. My personal favorites are the Chicken Tikka platter, the lemonade, hummus, lentil soup and rice pudding for dessert. It's a family owned restaurant and we know the owner personally- he's a great guy and the service is always excellent. Also, if you ever have the chance to try their Chicken Kardashi special definitely get it!
I haven't been to this restaurant since they moved away from Mill Ave several years ago.  Everything was very fresh and good.  I think the owner was our waiter and he was genuinely gracious for our business.  We both had the homemade lentil soup and it was awesome.  The hummus was also very good.  We will go back very soon.
Followed the high ratings given by Yelpers and drove out to Sahara Middle Eastern Restaurant---and I mean drove... (long story)  
The place seemed nice enough, decorated with a middle eastern flavor without too much exaggeration.  Sat down at the booth in the back and had to put one of their decorative pillows to prop myself up from the sagging seating--uncomfortable to say the least.  Then we waited 10 minutes before anyone came to offer us menus or acknowledge that we were there.  Finally I decided to ask for menus-- gee what a surprise, customers need to see the menus.  We then had to ask for water because NONE was forthcoming without asking.  Maybe they are trying to save the environment, but don't most restaurants ask you what you are drinking?--NOT here.  
So now we are set,  we have menus, but we also have questions.  So we ask the young lady in capri pants strutting herself around the restaurant (and especially around the owner)  about the preparation of one of the dishes.  BAD mistake (is there a good mistake????).  She said she didn't know much about the menu.  Aren't employees who interact with customers supposed to know about the menu???  Go to any McDonalds and ask what a BIG MAC is... I am sure they would know!!!!   I digress.
The order was a chicken Shawarma sandwich,  Chicken Biryani, and a Vegetable Combo dish ( I think a #20).  Let's start with what I liked.  I thought the combo dish consisting of Hummus, Grape leaves, Falafel, Tabouleah, Babaganoush accompanied by pita was fine.  At $12.95 I don't know if it was fine.  It was a tad expensive compared to other combos at other places.  Regardless, I enjoyed it.  Hubby did not enjoy paying $12.95 for it.  The biggest disappointment was the Chicken Biryani.  It was well spiced but the chicken was overcooked.  When you cook white meat it becomes really stringy.  So all I heard on the way home was how overcooked his chicken was..(keep in mind that I had selected the restaurant).  The real surprise was that my 13 year old granddaughter who ADORES chicken shawarma and all things middle eastern did not enjoy her sandwich.  Don't get me wrong, she ate it.  But when I asked her about it she said, it was a sandwich she would NOT return for.  She then named 3 other middle eastern restaurants who make it better.  
Disappointing.   I must say that the young lady  who brought us water made up for it by offering water almost to an annoying level.  Maybe it was her way to just strut those capri's in front of the owner.  Perhaps a dress code is overdue. Nobody wants to look at crotch.  Well, almost nobody.
We enjoyed the restaurant and I give it a three star and my wife gives it a 4 so I'll put a four-star here. I felt that the food was a little overpriced for lunch -- approximately $10-$12 a plate. But all in all a was an excellent experience.
I have never once been disappointed eating here. The daily specials are always delicious, the humus is also fantastic. Everything tastes fresh and feels and tastes like home cooking. The walnut baklava is also to die for. I can't say enough good things about Sahara's.
I have eaten here a handful of times and have always had a great experience. The service has been wonderful as well as the food. I have to admit, I've only tried the chicken schwarma and the gyro and have found them to be just like My Big Fat Greek Restaurant - which I also enjoy. Don't get me wrong, I feel the food is scrumptious and deserves a solid 3-3.5 stars, but it's the fact that its a charming locally run family business that bumps my rating to 4. I would recommend giving this place a try. I know I will come back and try different dishes...I had eyeballed other guests' plates and they looked amazing!
Great food decent ambiance and fair prices, why is this place not packed?

WE started with the fool, a warm mix of mashed garbanzo beans, seasonings topped with onions and tomato it was great.

For the main dish we went with the vegetarian musaka, which is eggplant in a red sauce. on't confuse this with an Italian dish, as the flavors are very different  It comes with a well cooked long grain rice which compliments it nicely.
The food was great, I had the lamb shank and it literally fell off the bone it was so tender! I love that you can bring your own wine, they provide the corking and the glasses which I think is great! There is also a liquor store around the corner you could grab a bottle at. I will definitely be back, the service was wonderful as well!
Selected the restaurant on the premise of using the Entertainment Book coupon only to find out that for whatever reason this merchant no longer accepts the promo. A disappointment. Nevertheless, the food was delicious, especially the lamb shank.
Food is yummy! Took a gyro dinner with a side of hummus home and complemented it with some sriracha....not the very best middle eastern cuisine I've ever had, but delicious none the less, and I will most certainly be back
By far one of theeee best restaurants I've ever eaten at.   I thought they were going to bring out some chopped up pieces of this and that.  I didn't really expect much, so when they did bring out my food, on presentation alone, I was taken down a a peg or two!!!  OMG!!  The food was amazing.  I just couldn't believe how delicious it was.  I ordered the Lamb Kutzi (? I think it was Kutzi, or Cutezi - either way, it was a WHOLE lamb shank) along with the most succulent roasted vegetables of my life!  

               - The Vegetables -
I could have eaten a whole, full place of the vegi's alone.  My goodness!  What did she do to those vegi's to mak'em so... so... juicy, crewey almost candy like without being sweet.  'Amazing' on the vegi's alone.  And they bring'em out like "oh, here's some vegetables you ordered."  I mean, they should play Mozart as they bring the food to the tabl.  'Just' seeing my plate actually made me sit up straight and fix myself.
 
               - The Lamb -
So then I see the lamb.  I start looking behind and in front of me, thinking "Is this for me?  Maw?  Surly this plate is for some rich guy, some dignitary, yes?"  No!  It was mine, mine, mine!!! Allll mine!!!  I can't even begin to describe how (I'm droolin as I write this) amazingly delicious that shank of love was.  I mean, did she kiss all over that plate before they brought it out?  Was it watchin porn?  I mean this thing was super sexy.   

               - The Tiramisu -
Now I don't normally eat desert.  I'm pretty much off of sugar and such, but that food was so good I had to try something else.  So when the server ran down the list of deserts, I asked if she made the Tiramisu, and she said yes.  Soooooo there it is.  "Hit me with the Tira!"   and "Oooooh baby, PLEASE!"  All I can say is the cook should wear a crown.
My company ordered a catered lunch for pickup for 30 people today. While we were there, the lady at the register told us the total was $350 ($50 more than quoted).  We asked her to explain so that we could understand the price change, and she was unable to answer the question for us. She re-calculated everything and again came up with the original total of $304.00.  The owner was on the phone at the time, and was telling her to charge us $350.  Because she could not explain why, she kindly charged us $304.

When we walked out the door with our food the owner ran, literally ran, up to us and asked to see the receipt.  He says, "Oh you guys got a deal. She's an idiot" referring to the lady at the register, considering this is a family restaurant; I'm assuming this was a wife or sister. When I responded, "I'm sure she's not an idiot, it is just a mistake" he interrupted me with "Yes, she's an idiot."  I even asked him to just explain to me if we owed more money and he brushed me off saying "nevermind".   I was so put off by this, and we immediately left with our food and I was seriously concerned that this woman was going to be scolded.

 When we served the food to our 30 employees, we ran out of food at only 20 people, and no one had large "restaurant" servings, only normal plate servings. Some (including myself) had very small portions.  I had a pita and 3 pieces of chicken (the chicken was thin cut and about an inch long).  We regularly order catered lunches for our employees, and have never had a problem with quantity.  

When we called Sahara to voice our concern, not wanting any compensation, just to voice that we ran out of food so they would be aware for future orders, the owner quickly interrupted yet again and told us we were "wrong" and that we ate too much.  He said that three small inch slices of chicken is more than enough for one pita. We went on to say that we understand if that is their serving size, we were just trying to make them aware, but he continued to interrupt us to the point where we could not even say "Sir, sir, sir sir sir" into the phone because he was talking over us so loudly. We ended up having to hang up on the owner because he was raising his voice, being condescending, and not listening to anything that was being communicated to him.  He just kept repeating that we were wrong.  The food was amazing, but we will no longer be catering our business lunches with this restaurant.  We are absolutely astounded at the rudeness that the owner exhibited not only to us, but also to his co-worker and possibly his own family member. In no way can I think of an appropriate time to call an employee an idiot TWICE in front of customers.  Very, very rude and unprofessional. It's a shame that their food is so great when their ownership is so unprofessional and their catering quantity sizes are so small. I would not recommend this restaurant.
My wife, not adventurous with food, loves this place... It's the only middle eastern place other than pita jungle she'll go to. Hummus is excellent, hot tea is the best In the area and servings are great value. I've had the lamb shank, which is excellent, beef shwarma special, chicken shwarma and a couple other dishes I have never been disappointed. The carrot pudding is really unique and tasty. Wife loves the chicken feta and has even gotten into some other conservative dishes. The service is always great. The owner remembers us now and has always been extremely welcoming. You will really feel like you are supporting a family establishment.
I am not sure why I never stopped here before but kicking myself that I haven't. 
The food is super good and the service was warm and attentive. We felt like welcome guests and there was a nice balance of being friendly without being overly intrusive. 

We started with some vegetable soup (can't remember the name). There was some special seasoning that made it much better than the bland vegetable soup . 
I had the vegetarian platter and the server asked if I wanted to substitute anything. That was a first for me. Oh yes got more Stuffed Grape leaves (excellent). The hummus was smooth and not over oily or garlicky (problem with many restaurants). My date had a grilled meat platter and loved it and he's picky about food. He even liked the lamb which he doesn't usually care for. 

It's a casual setting and large portions - though I still ate my entire serving. 
The restaurant has been added to one of my favorites. .
So happy I stopped by!  They have an awesome eggplant moussaka. Its served in a red sauce and the eggplant was cooked perfectly. Very glad it was served without the cream sauce that the Greek version has. This dish was actually healthy for you. 

Instead of the rice I opted for the grilled veggies and very glad I did. I think they could serve the grilled veggies with a salad as a main dish they were that good. 

I will definitely be going back again.
I took a group of 10 future restaurant reviewers to eat at this restaurant, and none of us were disappointed.

We all shared, starting off with Hummus and Pita's, which were warm and perfect with the creamy hummus and olive oil. Another companion ordered Babaghanouj, which is an eggplant dip and nicely prepared. We also had Foul Moudamas (fava beans with garlic, chiles and spices in a sauce), as well as stuffed grape leaves. 

Several members of our group were vegetarians, and each ordered a different dish from the menu. All were pronounced excellent. Portions were so large than many had to bring home leftovers.

A member of our group ordered the Chicken Tika, and other than she would have preferred it to be spicier, it was totally devoured. Other dishes ordered were Chicken Biryani, Lamb Tika, and the Mixed Grill.

I ordered the Lamb Kuzi, which is a slow roasted lamb shank, served with it's sauce over a bed of rice. I love lamb, and this was no exception. Tender and falling off the bone, it was a complete meal and had a wonderful flavor of cinnamon with it, which I found to be both unusual and delicious.

The only dessert available was Baklava, which no one objected to.

Service was attentive and very personable. The premises were clean and by the time we left the place was packed.

4 stars for quality of food, cleanliness and service
Where do I begin.  Went to Sahara for dinner last night and goodness was I very pleasantly surprised.  The gentlemen that waited on us (I'm guessing the owner) was a very sweet man that had great suggestions on what to have and what complimented our dishes and boy was he right.  Not only that but he was very attentive and a joy to chat with. 

I had the chicken shawirma( that's how it was spelled on the menu) with the grilled veggies and dang was it perfect!  The chicken was top quality, juicy, perfectly seasoned, and cooked.  No gristle or chewy bits and all white meat!  What a nice surprise!  The pita bread that came with it was very fresh and light.  Not dense at all and the grilled veggies were spot on!  I honestly could go back just for those.  I also started with a lentil soup that was far from bland and boring like I thought it would be and to top it off the hummus was smooth, creamy, and not overly garlicky.  I really think this may be the best meal I've had at a restaurant in years.   It's definitely a must try.   It is a lil on the pricey side but for the quality of food and service I'd gladly pay it again and again!  I will be back!
The food and service is always top notch. I've been going here for years and am finally writing a review. I usually get chicken tikka and it's absolutely delicious every time. It's great to have a dish I crave that's healthy too. If you haven't tried this place, I suggest you do very soon. 

Oh, get the hummus with chicken on top. It's super tasty.
Strip mall with a security guard patrolling on foot didn't give me a warm fuzzy.  Nice waitress but she was the only one working that night.  Food was just kind of meh.  I wasnt that impressed but i am spoiled with the good mediterranean food we have in St Louis.
This is probably one of the best middle eastern restaurants I've been to.  We arrived at 8:00 and it was nearly full, which is a good sign. I ordered the Chicken Tikka, and it was tender, flavorful, and very well presented. The servings were generous as well. My friend ordered the fatoush salad with some added grilled chicken and he was similarly impressed. Our server, (who I have a hunch was the owner, or at least the manager) was very friendly.  This will definitely be a regular dinner spot for us when we're in Chandler for work.
I heard about this place from my Arab friends and they suggested their lamb shank over Kuzzi rice. The rice was kinda watery and over cooked. Service was all right, and the place looked nice and neat. Their green hot sauce was very tasty! Their lemonade is homemade which tasted good.
huge fan of middle eastern food! love the lamb, rice and house salad! soooooo freakin good. I have no idea how they make the dressing for the salad but it is so fantastic! A++ for food quality, customer service , and prices. Will be coming back soon!
Fairly good food- I'm a fan of their gyros salad and the lamb kuzi is especially flavorful and succulent. Portions are rather small, though. Ambiance is nice. Service is better than your typical Middle Eastern restaurant.
The food was well spiced and the portion size was generous. The variety included in the menu was expansive and interesting. I normally don't get excited about middle eastern cuisine - however - this place is worth getting excited for! The ambiance seemed genuine and authentic; from the rugs, hookah and camel art - it all worked. The music was soothing and sexy. As I looked into my date's eyes - I knew something magical was happening. 5 stars! Solid! The server suggested some dishes that were scrumptious - the service was superb!
**Original review from 5/3/2011. Updating new profile.**

After trying the one in Gilbert several years ago, I was afraid to try this location. But I was hungry from fasting for a blood test and decided to try this location. I won't be going back.

For the record, this is not the same owner as the one in Gilbert (as I found out), and the food was much better than the one in Gilbert. I ordered a chicken shwarma plate with a side of hummus - to go. Instead of warning me that there's no lunch plate available for shwarma, only pita wraps, I was charged for a full priced dinner.  Nice.  Thanks.

The "dinner" comes with rice topped with a tomato sauce, salad or lentil soup and the shwarma. The shwarma had a great flavor, but was a little dry for my liking. The rice was overwatered, meaning it was mushy and they used too much water when cooking it. The tomato sauce they used to top the rice was good. What shocked me was that they put a small salad in the corner of my to-go box and the lettuce was covered with the warm rice and chicken. Gross. Soggy, warm lettuce. Ew. I cannot comment on the side salad I received because I forgot to tell him that I don't like creamy dressings and it was smothered in it.  My fault for not telling him.

They don't make their hummus fresh. Their hummus has the consistency and taste of the canned hummus you can buy at Haji Baba's down the street. It was over salted (canning process!) and they used too much oil for the consistency. I threw away my lunch half way through. I can get better food elsewhere.

If you are not familiar with Middle Eastern cooking, you will find this place good and charming. If you are familiar, I'm sure you know to steer clear of this place.
Thanks, yelp, for directing me to another hidden gem of a restaurant! I've passed by Southern and McClintock several times and never noticed this restaurant, tucked inside a strip mall/shopping center.

The food here was great.  I ordered a cup of the lentil soup (it's delicious, like the other reviews mention. tastes like pureed chicken soup? but it's vegetarian I think), the vegetable sunbusket (sort of like a samosa... not my favorite but not bad), and the Sahara salad (fresh and tasty greens and dresing).  I should've skipped the sunbuket and gotten a bowl of the lentil soup.

I did notice the service was reeeaally slow, as in slow to bring us water, slow to take our order, slow to bring us the check.  But luckily none of us were in a hurry so it didn't bother me.  And the servers were nice.
this place is closed!
Given the location and the history of this place, you may have really low expectations.  That helps, but the food is actually quite good.  Friday night's ubiquitous fish fry, of course, but they have a respectable menu of Mediterranean specialties as well.  I'm fond of the Shwarma Platter, myself.  Some nights they have belly dancers for entertainment- that's really fun to watch.  

What's a trip to a hookah lounge without an actual hookah?  Try the peach/mango, it's amazingly smooth and flavorful.  I'd never tried it before and was amazed at how uncigarette-like it is.
My friends and I came here for a friend's birthday. It's a little off-putting when you first come in. We had to cut through a very un-Mediterranean bar to get to the actual resturant. The food and martinis was good, the owner was very attentive, and the entertainment was fun to watch (just make sure you're not in her way when she spins!). Unfortunately, we didn't get a chance to try a hookah.
Very relaxed atmosphere, and the food was good, but our service was soooooo slooooooow! The location is also somewhat off-putting (and hard to find if you've never been there) being as it seems to be literally in the middle of a trailer park. But, once you're inside it's a very chill place, nice to have a hookah and some food.
I went here on new years eve, had never been here before, they had some special for NYE, I got the pork tenderloin was pretty good, came with a ton of potato's. They were three smaller tenderloins wrapped in bacon. There was a belly dancer dancing while we were eating that was balancing candles on her head and stuff. was pretty interesting. when we were leaving they were bring out swards and fire or something. We got a hookah, lasts about a half hour. They were out of mint chacolate chip so we got mango-watermelon mix that was pretty good.  When we were leaving there was kareokee going on in the bar area but didn't stay for that.
coolest place ever! so glad that there is a hookah bar in Madison! And it's (in my opinion) in a super-neat location, on top of a secluded hill! The hookah is great - they have many flavors to choose from. I only wish they offered some sort of hookah happy hour special. A hookah bar I used to frequent in Champaign, IL offers half-priced hookahs from 5-8pm, which I think is a great idea. I wasn't so sold on the food - I ordered a greek salad and it was DRENCHED in dressing (note to self: order dressings on the side :-)). The drinks are great - especially the winter/seasonal hot chocolate with smirnoff MARSHMALLOW - sounds so weird but was super good. The ambiance is great, although it is a little cold in the backroom. On weekends they have a belly dancer. I plan on taking every friend who comes to visit me, to this place. It's truly unique, and there is a separate bar attached with frequent karaoke! How fun!
Very good food, decent drinks, but the hookahs are the big draw. I don't really smoke, but I love the rose-flavored tobacco drawn through the big water pipes. Very mild and it's supposed to be all natural. Mideastern cuisine is their specialty, but the duck is very tender.
I LOVE the Hookah Lounge!  I have been coming here once or twice a month for a few years now, almost always on Friday and Saturday nights to watch belly dancing.  

Food is good, I usually go for the Friday Fish or Shrimp Scampi.  Once I had a prime rib special that was also terrific.

The martinis are pricey, usually $7 to $8, but they don't skimp on alcohol, especially when Billy is behind the bar :)  One or two and I'm good for the night!  They also have drink specials, like $4 Old Fashioneds, or $3.50 Leinie's pints.

I tried a Hookah for the first time a few weeks ago, and it's quite enjoyable.  It is tobacco but it doesn't give you that scorched lung feel, the taste is great and the smoke dissapates.  Four of us shared a mango hookah and it seemed to last forever, though by the end I was a little tired of the flavor, but mango isn't my favorite to start with.

I went one Sunday on for a Packer game, and it was a nice little crowd, plus free shots when the Packers score a touchdown.

I've never been for Karaoke, but that's another popular draw.

The location is kinda random (in the middle of a trailor park!)  but it sure beats the overcrowding and limited parking downtown.

LGBTQ friendly.
The fact that this place is located on Sirloin Strip on the edge of a trailer park that overlooks the Beltline highway can be misleading.

It's a good spot for Mediterranean food (at least in Madison). Service is pretty attentive and if you are lucky you will smoke a hookah and see a belly dancer. The other half of the building is a divey karaoke bar with a much more local crowd.

Food - 3.5 stars
Atmosphere / uniqueness / service - 4.5 stars
There's a lot to love about the Hookah Lounge and Cafe once you get past it's tough exterior shell. (Seriously close one eye on the drive up the hill no matter which way you go and avoid looking around too closely as you go inside. Once through the door, eyes open. Take it all in.) [1] But let's be honest, a lot of things have a tough exterior and delicious insides. 

M&Ms
Star Fruit
Cornucopias 
the list goes on

I suggest you start your evening in the bar area. The Friday I was there, there were some inexpensive drink specials, and the space is so large that even when I arrived around 6 it hadn't filled up. You're not going to get the full experience sitting at the bar, so after a bev or two (you can take unfinished drinks with) walk over to the cafe part. There's another bar (win!) and a smattering of tables. The menu has a number of options sure to please anyone's propensity for Mediterranean. I got the shaved lamb plate and couldn't polish it off, it's seriously huge. Your meal will start with some pita and Zatar (look it up) which is an uber authentic way to get things going. 

Didn't stay for the hookah or for the belly dancing. I get super uncomfortable when those ladies get close. Personal space please, personal space. 

[1] Don't actually close one eye. That would be dangerous. Unless you're trained.
This place is fantastic!  I wish we had one like this in Minneapolis.  They offer a full-service bar, delicious mediterranean food, plush couches and chairs to sit on as well as a wide variety of sheesha to choose from.  

The location is a little odd since it is in an auto mall but once you get inside, it is completely worth it!

Check them out for something a little different to do :)
I LOVE this place. This is one of my favorite places in Madison. Ignore the surrounding area and the look of the building from the outside. The hookah is amazing. I've been hookah'ing at home for three years and I can never seem to get it as good as their's. Their food on the weekends is also amazing. I don't usually care for the appetizers during the week, though. The atmosphere is prefect. It's so relaxing and comfortable. One of my favorite things about this place is the belly dancing! Anya Sofia is the best! I go every time she dances! The owner is a really great friendly guy too. Overall this place is great!
This place is such a trip. 

I've been here many a Friday/Saturday night to watch some belly dancing (every Friday and Saturday at 8 and 9:30pm) with some friends. The dancers are usually very good, though I have been disappointed on occasion. The dancers dance throughout the lounge, and it's pretty chill, so if watching belly dancing is not your thing, you can kind of ignore it and continue your conversation/hookah smoking/drinking. There are a lot of hookah flavors to choose from, and there are several decent drink specials ($4 old fashioneds on Fridays). My boyfriend got a burger there the other night and said it was really good. 

What's really interesting about this place is the fact that it is 2 bars in one building, with two completely different vibes. There's the hookah lounge, which is a slightly more upscale-feeling restaurant-type space. Then, just down the hall, is a divey karaoke bar that definitely feels more like it belongs in the trailer park in which the building is actually located. I say this latter comment with no disrespect, because I have had a lot of fun in that bar. The karaoke screen is in a corner, so you don't have to look at other people when you sing, if you're a little embarrassed/nervous (as I of course was). There's usually a pretty congenial feel, and the karaoke MC is funny and  welcoming.
Wow, who knew? Great Mediterranean food on a hill in a trailer park overlooking the Beltline. Excellent service, great belly dancing, hookahs on almost every table. Highlights included chicken kabob with fresh grilled veggies and chicken on bed of incredible couscous, Mediterranean pasta and falafel. Only negative was they were sold out off eggplant parm from the night before!
We stumbled upon this little place in a worn strip mall by accident, but it ended up being a very happy accident. 

Yes, it is true that the decor will not be gracing the pages of fashion magazines anytime soon, but this is a clean, no-frills kind of place. There is also no point in coming here if you are pressed for time, because it is not fast food by any stretch of the imagination. Most importantly, the food is good. Really good. 

The menus must have changed since other reviewers visited, because there was no Arabic on the menu. Everything is in English. I had the falafel plate and my companion had the lamb shank and rice. Both meals came with a wonderful lentil soup that I have had at Fattoush many times- but this one was so much better. The falafel plate came with falafel of course, a questionable salad, pita that looked homemade, and some of the tastiest hummus i've ever had. It was a huge amount of food, but it was so good that I was compelled to order an extra side of hummus to go with the leftovers. The lamb was apparently very tasty also- i'm not much of a lamb fan, so I didn't try it. The accompanying rice was very tasty though- very complex with many different flavors, but none of them were overwhelming. 

At 7.99 for the falafel and 9.99 for the lamb plate, the prices are more than reasonable, especially when you consider that each entree can easily end up being two meals. 

I admit that I am partial to Middle-Eastern food and rarely meet a falafel that I dislike, but this was definitely one of the better examples of the cuisine in the metro Phoenix area. I will definitely be back, and maybe next time i'll try the chicken.
R.I.P. Baghdad restaurant.
It is now a Kabob restaurant that is good, but not as good as Baghdad was.
After returning from my tour in Iraq i sometimes have a nitch for good Iraqi food. i descovered this place by chance after dropping off a friend before heading home. I pulled into the parking lot not expecting much from a place called baghdad restaurant in Arizona, but what the heck right? 

So i walk in and take a quick look around, I can easily tell it was at one point a mexican food restaurant. I ordered the kabobs and rice and grabbed a coke. the owner was very nice, and he chatted for nearly and hour about Iraqi politics and how he likes what America is doing there... now at this point i had been home from iraq for only two weeks so i was still a little jumpy and expected to hear gun shots headed my way any moment, but I enjoyed a great meal (under $10) and a great conversation. The food was not much diffrent that that i experianced in iraq.... also when i last visited the menus where in english
My boyfriend suggested going here and I'm glad we did.  The food was really good!  I keep asking to go again but alas we have not.  It's kind of a long drive from where he lives so...
It is nicely decorated though I think the plasma TVs in the dining area playing an Arabic version of MTV are out of place.   Their mezze, an assortment of appetizers, seemed outrageously overpriced at $24, so we ordered baba ghannou, roasted eggplant with lemon juice and garlic dip served with warm pita triangles.  It was good, but I thought the addition of olive oil detracted from the taste and texture.  My wife's entre was kafta kabob, minced lamb with chopped onion and spices and served with tziki sauce while I ordered lamb kabob.  The kafta kabob was too light on the spices.  I ordered the lamb kabob medium rare and it ended up being both fatty and overcooked.  Our entrees were accompanied by rice and a bland salad.
This place was great when it first opened. I remember the owner used to give us free appetizers and the customer service was great...but my return trips to Almaza have been progressively disappointing. Customer service has declined considerably, and while the food and hookah are good, it's not worth being ignored half the time, or shooed to another table for another party, even though you made reservations in the first place. A lot of the old waiters/bartenders have left, and their replacements leave something to be desired. I recommend checking out Chandelier on St. Rose and Eastern...it's a lot better.
the filet mignon kabob thingies with rice is something i get everytime i come here.

its never been busy when i went so i cant say the service was bad because the ratio was like 5:1. 

its no something i eat everytime i go back to vegas but it is something i try to eat.

ps try the cheese appitizer. =)
How are you guys giving this place bad reviews???

I came here with a couple of people, we got two hookahs with awesome flavored tobacco; mango, mint, watermelon, and strawberry. 

I ordered a pizza smothered with lamb, olives, mozzarella cheese, sauce. It was out of this world and my mouth is watering just thinking about it.

The only drawback to this place would be the loud music before prime hours, and that is my only complaint. Hands down loved it, can't wait to go back.
CHECK YOUR RECEIPT BEFORE YOU LEAVE AND DON'T PAY USING YOUR CREDIT/DEBIT CARD!!! i have gone here a dozen times and it never fails, one of our cards will always get over charged.. They will add to your tab so don't ever leave your card on an open tab. Pay for drinks as they come. The food is good but very very overpriced. The hookah is also very expensive as are the drinks. At night they try to turn into a club and have bottle service and a DJ so forget having a nice quiet dinner. After the last experience of being overcharged last month i vowed never to go back.
Long story short....I'm from Vegas, now live in Oakland, but went back to Vegas for my birthday.
Which means I HATE the strip.

All I wanted was to groove to some hip hop and it's very hard to do that off the strip and without a cover charge (think...Poetry...now that it's half celeb owned, they think they can charge $30 for ladies....)

Friend of a friend led us here and I was pleasantly surprised.
We got a table for 5, really nice waitress (who is from the bay area by where i live), a coconut hookah   (which lasted ALLLLL night because they kept refilling the charcoals...which is unheard of at most hookah joints) and the $12 for 16 oz drinks weren't watered down like the Red Rock casino ones I just paid for an hour prior.

I was too full from Chicken and Waffles at hash house, but i will be coming back for midnight snacks.

My favorite part about this place, was the variety of music from hip hop (my FAVORITE), dance, ummm arabic-esque (don't know the right term for that genre)...but once that music came on everybody in the place did the arabic version of the bunny hop...only it wasn't a like watching a bunch of drunks at a wedding make a fool. It was genuinely amazing to watch dancing other than club bumping, grinding and groping.

Oh--and it wasn't a meat market...You can tell it was a lot of locals just relaxing and grooving.

The only reason I'm skipping out on a star is because it was kinda busy, and it took awhile to get our first round of drinks...so long my friend walked up to the bar to order ours. BUT...they were worth it. (Bahama Dream was yummy)

So, for those of you giving crappy reviews....I think they must've read them, because it was a great enough experience to bring my friends and I back....
Great hookah lounge and Great location for a club. You do not need to go to the strip. The bouncers are hella cool and the crowd is quite alright. Everyone gets a table! I have not eaten here so please take my review with a grain of salt, lime and tequila.
I give it 3 stars due to the food was okay but not great.  The hummus was so-so...and the beef was dry.  Though it gets 4 stars for the atmosphere....with a live DJ and great music.  O...and another 4 stars for the females...HOT!!
Been going here on and off for years now and the place is kinda a mixed bag. The hookah and the food have always been pretty consistant and good. The service has seen better days and seems to be high in turnover. Turns into a mini-club on the weekends which can be fun. However, underage wannabe douches can creat havoc some nights. Just go with an open mindset have fun and enjoy your hookah and food.
Service here is terrible unless you know someone. Hookah here is terrible unless you like herbal hookah. Herbal hookah is much harsher and lacks flavor unlike your average tobacco based hookah. The only thing this hookah lounge has going for it is that it serves alcohol which appeals to the 21+ crowd.
Thursday night salsa night is fun. I arrived at 10pm and was surprised to hear no latin music and was greeted by a relatively empty restaurant. But as the next hour passed, I could see the place filling up and by 12 midnight the place was packed.

What the heck?
This place is in a Smith's shopping center? 

It was a great vibe though the DJ music was a hodge podge of everything latin. Yes... even the tubas.

Don't expect a strong drink or an amazing bartender. I think these guys were hired for their looks not their skills. Stick with the beer, shots and simple 2 ingredient drinks. You'll be happier and I'm sure they will too.
went there because they were showing the pay per view boxing match. Helpful friendly staff and the flatbread sandwich i had was delicious. I will go back
This place reminds me of the new Predator movie. Previews are loaded in action sequences and explosions and gun fire and sick ass stuff. Then you watch the movie and 80% of the stuff in the previews never happens or is edited to be rated G...

Almaza is possibly the worse place i've ever been to. They're under new management so no booze while paperwork is being pushed for a liquor license. 

Staff are complete morons or high school drop outs or their parents didnt socialize them properly when they were young so they grew up complete frakking idiots.

My party came early and requested a specific seat and he told us he'd get it cleaned up and it's ours. Then his friends walked in and he told us to hold while he devoted all his attention to them. Remember that seat we were promised? another group had that spot but he didnt know because he learned his customer service skills from a friggin potato...

After getting place to another area we waited a good 15-20 minutes for someone to bring us a menu. after we got the menus it took 20-30 minutes someone to come back and take our order. 

The hookah (midnight rose flavor) was nice and lasted the few hours we were chilling there, completely ignored by the staff, with empty cups, and one mouth piece...seriously there's 5 people at the table sharing a hookah and you only give one mouth piece...Note to who ever manages the staff: PLEASE DO NOT OPEN A TATTOO PARLOR!!

Food:
The pita wrap was the best thing on the table and i wasn't the one that ordered it. 
The lamb chops were...lets put it this way they were cooked earlier in the day then thrown in the fridge. When someone, like us, ordered it they threw it on the grill to get warm. What does this do? IT OVER COOKS THE MEAT. I cant believe i paid 20 bucks for rubber on bone.

the WORSE part about this place is they KNOW their service is garbage and they dont do a gorram thing about it. How do i know this? Where do i draw this conclusion from? THE TWENTY-FIVE PERCENT MANDATORY GRATUITY ON THE RECEIPT.

T.I.P.S. = To Insure Proper Service

Tips are earned for being a good server, paying attention to your tables and going above and beyond in the realm of customer service. As a consumer i have a right to withhold a tip if the service is garbage. This place is GARBAGE
My family lives in Vegas, and after all this time, my sisters finally brought me and introduced me to this place just to smoke some hookah and chill. I don't know about the hookah, but it literally burned my throat. It wasn't as smooth, well it's mainly because the water or whatnot was mixed with vodka, so unless you want a dry throat then I suggest you go in for that mix. Other than that by 12 am, the dance floor was crackinn and anyone who is anyone were down to dance which to me was fun! I would come back here. It was so packed to the point where I almost fell on a table since people were pushing and pulling me around.. Just wished we stayed a little longer :)
I used to live down the block from this place and never stopped by. I mean, it seemed like a nice spot but I just never got to going. But I frequent Vegas regularly and decided to give this place a shot. Much to my demise.

The hookah was mediocre at best (I've been to alot better in Vegas for half the cost). I ordered some food for myself and my date. I can honestly say the food was decent. The server was very accommodating. But looking back, I realize that they were TOO accommodating (you'll see why later). Then things went from good to horrible in a matter of a few minutes.

After my meal, things started to change. The server kept urging my date and I to move from the "dining" section to the hookah section. His concern was maybe that we were taking up valuable space. And for this I understand, but it seems like a rather slow night so I didn't understand the rush. They had a dj playing house music. I didn't mind since I enjoy house music and it a place like this it really seemed appropriate. But in all honesty the sound system was absolutely horrid. I can go into detail about it, being somebody who works in pro audio. But let's just say that had they hired somebody decent to set this up, they'd been alot better off.

But I guess it wasn't their fault because at around 10pm, the pull the dj from booth (literally mind you) and they go to the back (but not completely out of sight) where I'm assuming an argument ensues. I turn around and mind my business smoking sub-par hookah. But since the music was apparently done, so was my date here.

So I ask to close my tab only to find over $300 charged to my account! I'm told by the manager of the place (who is now flustered by the incident with the dj) that this was only an "authorization". I was appalled, a $300 authorization?!?! This is a meal and some drinks, not a hotel room or rental car!!! I write the amount of the official bill (after asking to see an itemized one) on the slip and signed.

Well, guess who had to perform a chargeback request? That's right, me. This "authorization" never got changed at the end of the night and I found myself trying to make the next couple days away from home on the cash I had on hand. 

Overall, this place is trying to be some posh lounge in a desert full of posh lounges. But seriously, how "posh" can you be when you're situated next door to a Cici's Pizza?

One star for the overall suck of this place. Had the food been worse, this place would get a big goose-egg from me. Do yourself a favor, don't go to this wolf in sheep's clothing.
High end hookah experience!

The atmosphere was great an hip. Music bumping from the moment we got there, DJ spinning tunes from the 80's 90's and current charts.

The hookah didnt die out quick cuz the coal wasnt the cheapy kind. The flavors where pretty good too.

The place turned into a pseudo-dance spot as it got later in the night. The belly dancer came through and was pretty talented but i have to say the patrons did a better job at keeping the dance floor cracking!
Best place to have fun, dance, drink and of course smoke fresh tasty Hooka. Great atmosphere, latin nights are trhe best in town, and the music is amazing. The staff is friendly and professional, and food is just delicious with great service. Price is affordable. I recommend Alamaza highly. Thursday nights are Latin nights. Fun!!!!
Booooo... mediocre at best.

For starters, I've probably been here a good 4+ times, but if you're looking for a food review- this isn't it. Mediterranean food is my crack- but I've never gotten around to trying the food here. Even though we were never crazy about the place we would go because (at the time) it was the only nearby lounge.

This place is popular with folks of a variety of ages but particularly the 18-21 crowd on weekend nights for the hookah and "loungey" atmosphere. I have rarely paid to come here and I wouldn't. Typically, Ive always gone with a group of friends when the invite was extended or to catch up with someone.

My last experience can pretty much sum up ever every experience I've had. A decent sized group of us (5/6) went in just for a hookah session. Place was pretty much empty (I've never really gone during the "peak" time with a dj), but there's middle eastern club music going- streaming through two tvs- interesting music videos and all. We're seated and tended to immediately. The one thing this place has going for it in my experience is that it DOES have a nice atmosphere and the service is alright (sometimes good sometimes bad). All but one of us are smoking, and everyone who smokes needs to order a drink (it's like a protocol)- so, 4 sodas (there's a point for this itinerary later). After a flavor consensus and suggestion from the waitress we order A (1) hookah. After we finally got the thing going (hookah wasn't pulling well) there is hardly any flavor and within 5-10 minutes of us smoking (and it's not like we're hitting the thing hard, we spent most of the time talking)- the smoke is incredibly harsh and even my hardened-cigarette smoking Marine buddy is coughing up a storm. So, we tell the waitress. Charcoal homie who never talks comes with the charcoal bucket and takes almost all the charcoal off. In 5 minutes it goes dead. We tell the waitress, she doesn't really do anything. (Again, place is empty, there is only one other-smaller- group). The hookah always, again, is mediocre at best, idk if it's a combination of a sh*t pipe and low quality shisha or what.
Bill comes- after military discount- $37- for 4 cokes, and a P.o.S under 15 min hookah session...and THAT is why I only go if someone else is covering it.

Pros: atmosphere, okay service
Cons: bad value,  crappy hookah
I'm sad to see so many people giving bad reviews. I have to say, I used to go to Almaza regularly, and I still go time to time. Their food is absolutely amazing. AMAZING. The service is ALWAYS perfect!!! In my experience, I am just filled with gratitude every time for the attentive and quality service I receive from....the servers. Okay... not always from the bar. I'm a server and a bartender. These servers are amazing. I love them. (yes, I have had bad service from the bartenders before... but they are usually slammed.) The hookah might be better somewhere else, but they are always on top of changing coals and not stingy with it. Service rocks!!!!!!!! FOOD.... oh... I really recommend this place.

AND, although the crowd is now often a young, annoying crowd, I love them for really starting the international nights. Such a diverse crowd. I always have fun when I stay to dance, any night.
I did not experience the poor service here others have talked about...but then, the place was totally deserted when I came in at 6pm on a Saturday.

I did not smoke hookah (that shit is TERRIBLE for you), but I had dinner. My friend and I shared a salad and the mezze platter, which was huge and DELICIOUS! The food was really truly excellent, from start to finish.

The reason I'm only giving 4 instead of 5 stars is, it was a little on the expensive side. $42 for mezze for 2...eh, idk, I think Paymon's is a better value. And the atmo at Paymon's is better.

But if you find yourself craving Mediterranean food, and you're not near a Paymon's.... this place will do just fine!
Went to check it out. No staff to be found. Some lebanese men sitting outside, but restaurant mostly empty except for table in back. Looked dirty and like it barely opened. Too bad. I like lebanese food.

With all the good Hookah lounges/cafes, it's better to avoid this place. It's a shame, because if it was any good, it'd probably do well. Don't waste your time.
I've been here a couple of times and had a great time! I'm not a fan of many hookah lounges in Las Vegas except for this one. 

Enjoyed a lovely dinner with our group. Ordered hookah and it was great, service was awesome! Our waiter was very attentive and treated us great. We stayed for some music and dancing and I was very pleased with the DJ. Played all sorts of songs hip hop, dance, Persian, Arabic etc. LOVED IT! Although I had a great time the only problem I have is that towards the end of the night the DJ kept replaying tracks.. Got old! 

But other then that, we had a great time and will definitely be coming back!
Walked in, and we were the only patrons. I ordered the mjadara, which is a dish of lentils and rice, they brought us sausages. When we pointed this out, the waitress insisted that our sausages were lentils and rice. Uhhh.
These guys really need a few pointers from experienced waitresses and hospitality staff.

For one thing, there appears to be only 2 waitresses to serve a restaurant/hookah lounge that regularly contains more than 70 or 80 people. That means you'll get your service in 30 or 45 minutes, which is unacceptable. On top of that, it'll take about 20 minutes for her to bring you a beer. It'll take a HOUR for you to get a BEER. Just one beer! 

It's a shame, because the people that come inside are pretty hot. Like, smoking HOT hispanic girls... EVERYWHERE. And we are not talking about cougar-aged hispanic women of Blue Martini, these girls here are young. 

Foods okay. Hookah is pretty shitty because the coals put themselves out. The flavor of the tobacco itself is almost nonexistent, which adds to the frustration of the regulars that come inside here. I have met many people, in 3 days of coming here, that share the same complaints. 

And why are there so many cops hanging in their cars outside? Every hour I see two cop cars lurking in the parking lot waiting to pull one of the folks that are leaving over.  It makes me feel uneasy. 


And there are a bunch of holes in the men's room. Like holes that have been kicked in everywhere.
Very shady place. Bad service and drinks were in a dirty glass. There were guys with guns that seemed to work here. It is a really weird place and I didn't feel safe. The food was god awful too.
I would give it a zero if I could brings a very unsightly crowd to a good area.
This place is an old favorite of mine.  Maybe I haven't been to enough hookah joint, but I appreciate the smoke, food and dancing. 
I think Mr. K is tripping saying that he can't tolerate 19 year olds or Ja Rule. Ja isn't my favorite either, but come on Bee, are you that old and crotchety that you can't stand a bit of loud music? If that's the case why don't you get the 30-somethings at work to chip in and rent a conference room at the holiday inn and rent a hookah for the day. 

Alternatively, if you are really tripping about Ja Rule that much you should quit whatever job you have and go and work for Interscope, (Tony Yayo is gettin gold). I mean, really! Plus a Duran Duran reference, really?!
I'll have to go with Mr. K on this one, a definite pass.  There are three other hookah lounges all within a half mile of Oasis and they are all worlds better than this one.  Go to Urban Cafe or even King Tuts, just anywhere but here. 

The food is mediocre, nothing stood out one way or the other.  The music was a little annoying, but I'm not really into pop music or hip-hop, but I suppose people who are would enjoy it.  However, the service is absolutely terrible.  I've been there twice and on both occasions the (extremely late) delivery of food saved me from walking out the door.  Their hookahs are not good, and you practically have to tackle an employee if you want more coals.

Save yourself the frustration and go to Urban Cafe or King Tuts.  Urban is a bit more for the mediterranean loving, less-frills crowd.  Tuts if you still like your hip-hop and being surrounded by ASU students.
Great Persian Food at a reasonable price.  The atmosphere is vintage Persian the staff is friendly and courteous.
Good Persian food with a courteous staff. Nice to have in the neighborhood.
It is always a treat to eat here. The tastes are delicious and exotic and the staff is helpful. 

A great balance between affordable and romantic. 

Amazing Persian rugs on the walls as well!

You must try the filet mignon (Barg) with the raisin and date rice (adas polo). One of the most delicious meals I've ever had!
Actually we ended up here because it used to be a sushi place that my friend was fond of but hadn't been to in a while.  Lo and behold, it closed and turned into Pars...we were hungry and too lazy to drive somewhere else, so we ended up eating here.

The decor has a Persian flair, but you can still see elements of it being a Japanese place (the sushi bar is still there)

They give you a weird amuse bouche of pita bread and raw onions...weird, but I'm a fan of both and together it was oddly good.  We were ready to order an entree each. but the waiter (I think the owner) suggested we get one of their combo platters and split it (we were 3 people).  We got the shish kabob platter ($29) which came with lamb, chicken and koobideh, rice and salad.  PLENTY of food for all 3 of us, including some to take home.  The meat was all expertly spiced and cooked, and the rice was out of this world.  The waiter (again, I think owner) was very attentive to us and the other diners.

All in all, a very enjoyable meal...great food and great service.  The waiter (once again, the owner)  suggested we spend a lot less there at his own expense...you don't see that often.  

Oh yeah, they have a full bar...

easily 5 stars
Excellent, intimate mom and pop restaurant with friendly staff.
The lamb shish kebab, ghormeh sabzi and especially the fessenjan were all terriffic.  As was the barberry rice and the rice with limas and dill.  OK beer and wine menu to accompany the great food.  I'm glad this is in my neighborhood.
Yeah!  

On my first trip, I had the Lamb shank and it was absolutely great - the best lamb shank ever.  Girlfriend had the chicken kabob, it was good too.  On my second trip, I had the cornish game hen (grilled) - absolutely fabulous - moist, juicy, tasty.  Place has a nice, cozy feel to it and prices seem reasonable. I'll be back!
Delicious food, great service, loved it! It was served family style so our group of 7 got to sample all kinds of yummy goodness. I brought home a menu so I could accurately describe what we enjoyed.

As we were seated, I was fascinated by the art hanging above our table. It had so much texture and color, but I couldn't tell what it was. The restaurant owner, Masoud, explained that it is a Persian rug that took 4 years to make. There were several others around the restaurant that were equally beautiful. Dinner at an art gallery? I love it.

Now on to the food. Next time we go, we're ordering:
* Maust' Khiar and Maust' Moosier($5.50, $6) yogurt dips w/grilled pita. So creamy and flavorful. I would be content with that as a meal.
*Chef's Special - it's $30 and could easily serve 3. It is the combination plate with Barq (filet mignon), juicy chicken filet, and the koobideh (kinda like meatballs), basmati rice and grilled tomatoes.
*Dessert! I don't usually like baklava, but this has changed me. It wasn't too sweet or goopy. Lots of flavor. The other "must repeat" is their ice cream. It's yellow in color, but pistachio, honey and saffron in flavor. Mmm mmm, good.
Great Persian food and ambiance  I would give them 4.5 stars if I could but between 4 and 5 I have to go 5.  Where to start:

Excellent tah deeg (the crispy rice that is made at bottom of the pot when you make Persian white rice).  We covered our tah deeg with an herb stew called Khoresh Gormeh Sabzee (Khoresh is a stew kind of alike in concept to an Indian curry, except with totally different spices, while Sabzee means herbs/greens, so it's essentially an herb/green stew with kidney beans and tender beef).  Gormeh Sabzee is probably the most popular khoresh in Iran.  What a delicious starter.

We couldn't decide between the ground beef kabob (an Iranian staple analogous to a cheeseburger in the U.S.), the chicken (called joojeh) kabob, or the lamb shank, so we got all three.  Waaaaaaayyyyy too much food but it was good.  Kabobs vary greatly in Persian cuisine, with everyone having a different take.  This was a plump, lean, and juicy kabob with a mild flavor...I'd give it a 7 or 8 out of 10 which is good.  The joojeh (chicken) kabob needed to be marinated longer in lemon and onion but was cooked very well.  The lamb shank was very good and almost great.  Altogether very good Persian and I would recommend it to anyone, particularly if you've never tried Persian food before and want your first time to be memorable.  The prices were very reasonable ($10-$20 per entree) and we gourged for 2 for $50 including a martini...
My first experience with Persian cuisine was Pars a few years back. Since then, I have been hooked, though Pars has been the best of the bunch. The food here is excellent, and the menu is very large. The staff is very friendly and always attentive.

Here is a sample dinner that I would recommend for 2 people.
-Start with hummus, it comes with fresh warm pita, and is delicious
-Order the chefs combination platter. It comes with filet, koobideh kebab (ground beef with onion and spices), and chicken filet. When ordered for 2, it comes with 2 large plates of rice and 2 grilled tomatoes
-The persian ice cream is worth it alone to come here. It is huge and more than enough to share. Writing this review makes it hard for me not to think about wanting some right now...

If you have never had Persian before, the staff is very friendly and patient, and will help you find something for your pallet.
Wonderful Persian cuisine... When the quality of Persian Room went down I had a hard time finding a good replacement to get my middle eastern fix... I went to Pars and realized that the chef from Persian room had left to start his own business PARS! Great place...
This was our first Persian food experience...
I have to say the food was amazing! Great hummus, the pita was done perfectly!! Nice and warm. We had the Cornish hen filet mignon special with rice and a Greek salad,,,, lots of food,,, I mean lots of food enough to feed 6, and it was yummy!!

The server Shawn was extra cool. He was stuck there all by him self and he did a great job multitasking,,, he was very polite and we would go back there just because of his excellent service!!! Thanks Shawn !!! 

The only thing we would change is the decor, it looks like it used to be a sushi place,,, not very Persiany feeling.. That's the reason we gave it 4 stars..
We had never had persian food before, just other Mediterranean and some Middle Eastern food, which it seemed like this was a mix of those regional foods? Based on the yelp recommendations, we made sure to share our dish since it sounded like you get quite a bit of food. 

We got the chicken olivea salad, which is like a chicken/tuna/potato salad, really tasty with our pita bread. It had chicken, green beans, potatoes and lots of mayo, along with tomatoes and pickles on the side. We had leftovers, so I'm making a sandwich out of it! We also shared the sultani combo which had filet mignon and ground beef kebabs. They were both really tasty, and we especially liked the filet mignon. The combo came with batsmati rice and a tomato/cucumber/onion salsa type salad that came on the side. We had the persian ice cream for dessert since we read so much good stuff about it. It was really tasty considering it's a fancy vanilla ice cream. The rose water and pistachios added a nice touch of flavor that was yummy

There was one guy working, who was basically the host, waiter, and busboy, and he did an excellent job! Definitely will come back!
Fantastic! Everything is made fresh that day. Great service. Staff was very friendly and the food was amazing... reasonably prices too! Best Persian food around. Hands down!!

Great for large groups and kids.
I was craving hummus and my friend almost ripped my head off when I suggested Pita Jungle ...so there we were ..at Pars on a weekday night. We were both Pars virgins but the reviews had been good so we tried.

He ordered the Chef's special --ground beef, chicken filet, and filet mignon on skewers. It was served with basmati rice and grilled tomatoes.  This dish was $30, we shouldn't have been so greedy and ordered a second dish.  My dish was the Beef Shish which also came with basmati rice.  We also ordered the hummus I was so craving for.

Let me start by telling you the Chefs Special could serve a party of 3!!! My god, when the plate came out, I already started my food coma just looking at it.  The 3 meat combo was ...ORGASMIC! The rice was soft and cooked just right. My beef shish was so so, I wish I had just eaten off my friend's plate. :)  The hummus was VERY GOOD...we asked for extra pita bread just to wipe the plate clean.

Now on to the atmosphere. There is a little patio for outside seating if you're interested. The inside has a bar and...well, when I first walked in, I almost choked. The smell was ....overwhelming. In a bad way.  This is a horrible way to describe the smell and I'm sorry....but I thought I was walking in to a rest stop restroom.  /)_(\ SORRY!! My friend tells me that's how Persian food is supposed to smell like!!  But man...it took a good 30 minutes before my nose was accustomed to the smell.

Aside from the smell, cus I know it's just me.......I gave this restaurant 5 stars for the quality of the food, the fast and friendly service as well as price.  I WILL come back....and breathe through my mouth only for the 1st 30 minutes next time.   Just because they're worth it.  hehe.
Poor knock off of the Persian Room down the way on Scottsdale Rd. I heard they even stole the menu and recipes although they don't seem able to follow the recipes very well. The food is a nice try but still something is missing. Don't waste your time the original is not far away go to the Persian Room instead
I have eaten Persian quite a bit when we lived in Atlanta.  My husband and I went for lunch today.  His $12 gyros were very dry although the meat itself was nicely spiced.  The basmati rice was nicely cooked.

I had shirazi salad and it was quite salty.  I've never had overtly salty Shirazi salad before.  i did not taste or see any mint in their salad, which i thought was a usual ingredient.  i have now compared the shirazi salad at Pars, Persian Room, and Tasty Kabob.  Tasty Kabob's shirazi is the most tasty, makes my mouth want to dance.

I also had the Khask-o-bademjam at Pars.  It was salty and otherwise bland

Pars' bread is not the usual large disc shaped (12 inch diameter) type homemade bread I have become accustomed to at other Persian restaurants such as Persian Room after 6pm.  Pars' bread is more like pita bread but it is tasty.

If I go back to Pars, we will try the kebobs. they look good on the menu anyway.

Our waiter was attentive and friendly.
If you appreciate middle-eastern food an/or persian food, you will "love" Pars.  

The owner is always in the back cooking up an amazing and consistently great tasting meal.

By far, they have the best hummus in town.  Pars puts Pita Jungle's hummus to shame.

All of their meat skewers are great but the mahi mahi is out of this world.  He also cooks amazing Zeresch Polo (rice with barberries) and everything is so flavorable.  

Although it's hidden in NE Scottsdale, it's well worth the drive and wait!
Did they get my grandmothers recipes!? The food here is really good, authentic and large servings. I went with a friend; next time we will split an entree next time. The hummus was fresh, the souvlaki was marinated and cook medium rare as requested and the salad had just enough feta. We did share a creme caramel and it was fab.
My wife and I had lunch at Pars. Ate on the patio which is very nice and private. We shared the Hummas for a starter which was very good. The pita served was delicious. This was followed by a very large entre. I had the salmon with a salad and rice and my wife had a chicken meal. They both were delicious and far more than we needed to fill us up.

The server was excellent. We eat slowly and we were not rushed at all. We found this jem on Yelp and we will certainly be returning.
I was in the other night with my mother for dinner.  We both enjoyed the experience very much.

To start we had the Maust Khiar yogurt appetizer.  Flavored with mint and diced cucumber it was light and refreshing. Perfect for dipping with the warm pita bread.

We both ordered stews for our main course.  I had the Gheimeh Bademjan which was basically a beef stew.  Served with a side plate of rice it was delicious.

My mom ordered the Fessenjan.  It was a chicken stew flavored with walnuts and pomegranate.  It was a very different flavor than I have ever had and quite good too.

I'd like to come back here soon and try their other interesting menu items.
Best place in Arizona for Persian. I would know since I eat Persian food often as it is a part of my background. It is so delicious. I always share the chef's special which offers a mixture of dishes and is more than enough to share.
Phenomenal food without the unreal price. I used to go with a Persian co-worker, so he did all the ordering and also could critique the food from a position of proper knowledge. 

The ghormeh sabzi (a delightfully light stew that you will desire in the future after your first bite) is incredible and said coworker claimed it is the best he's had. The chefs special is 3 meats (chicken, steak and beef) platter that is great too, just be warned it is too much food for less than 3 people. Their sides of rice are served on a platter that could hold most Thanksgiving turkeys, and again it is great.

If there is one thing to note, be prepared for a dinner over 1 hour due to some of the dish preparation time.
This is a very good place.  The tadig, ghormeh sabzi, rice, koobideh, and everything else were great.  Been going to the persian room for years ,once in a while.  This place is much smaller and the food is much better.  Will be back for sure.
The food was delicious! The Sultani plate (filet & ground beef kabab combo)was cooked nicely. And the Persian Ice Cream for dessert finished our meal off perfectly. Our server, Sean, was absolutely fantastic. He was friendly and helpful with choosing our dinner. My husband and I have found our new regular place. He can't stop talking about how good dinner was.
I love this restaurant. I had lunch at Pars today with a business associate who had never tried Persian food. We ordered the tadig (crispy golden rice from the bottom of the pot) with gormeh sabzi (parsley, beef, red bean stew) and gehmi (yellow split pea stew) and it was excellent, as always. The tadig is a favorite of my family so I always order it when I take friends.

For lunch, I had Zeresk polo (barberry rice and chicken) and it was amazing, the sauce on the chicken was very good and the rice was the best! My friend had basmati rice and white meat chicken kabob - a very good choice for someone new to Persian cuisine.

The service is excellent, and the food is consistently outstanding. By far, Pars is the best Persian Restaurant in the valley.
Best koubideh, chicken and filet combo I have ever had.  Can't stop eating when I'm here.  Hummus is outstanding, too.
I had never tried Persian cuisine before, but generally love Mediterranean and Middle Eastern flavors, so I was intrigued by the new possibilities. My partner and I had pretty high expectations of Pars after reading so many positive reviews, but our meal was even better than we anticipated. 

The Pars Appetizer Platter sampler was varied, abundant, and outstanding, particularly the Shirazi salad (reminiscent
of a Persian pico de gallo) and the Olivieh salad, which combined chicken, potatoes, and mayonnaise in a deliciously unusual dish. The entree ground beef Koobideh kababs were succulent and well-seasoned, and the Basmati rice and Zereshk Polo rice side dishes were amazing. Despite having to take most of our enormous portions away with us, we still found room for dessert and really enjoyed sharing the Persian ice cream - rich vanilla enhanced with saffron, rose water, and pistachio. What a delicious meal!

Our server, Laura, was attentive, knowledgeable, and friendly, and the interior decor was attractive, although we elected to sit outside. All in all, we were delighted with our experience at Pars and will return there the next time we're in town!
Best Persian on the West Coast!
Gosh, I would love to give Pars Persian five stars, but it just doesn't quite make it.  Maybe 4.4 stars.   There were a few rough edges.  For example, the night we went the one mainstream fish item was not available.  The servers are friendly but pretty much what you would expect in a strip-mall restaurant, but the interior is 3/4 of the way to posh.  You can't worry about things like that when you come here.

As to the food -- I thought everything was very good to exceptional, but my wife found some of the stews only adequate.  This is more Persian than most Americans are used to in a Persian restaurant, and that is both its strength and its weakness.  My advice -- be adventurous, and if you don't really care for something, try something else next time.  And I think there will be a next time; in fact, for me, if the prices were just a few dollars cheaper (and they are not unreasonable at all), there would be many next times.  I could eat at Pars Persian every week and not tire of the food.
Solid persian food.  Have the beef platter - it comes with some kind of ground beef and sirloin on skewers.  Served on a bed of saffron rice.  Its all very delicious, and even better the next day.  $20/plate, but you can share between 2 people and be full.  Love the complimentary pita bread!
Really good Persian food - lots of good things on the menu, but my favorite is the cornish game hen which is always tender and tasty!  The grilled fish is awesome too (Mahi Mahi, I believe). 

I think the prices are reasonable overall, but my beer was at least $6 and I think that is unreasonable.  On principle, since I saw that on my last bill, I've been kinda boycotting the place though I'm sure I'll be back ...
Food is fantastic! We love the Barg filet! Portions are massive and you never leave hungry. Carry out is great after a long day. I also commend the shirin polo rice in place of regular rice.
Pretty good meal. It was our first time eating Persian. We ordered the Pars Shish-Kebabs (Lamb shish-kebab, koobideh & chicken shish kebab served with Basmati rice). It was more than what the two of us could eat. The portions were great. The meat was tender, but didn't quite pack the flavor punch we were expecting.  Service was also pretty good.

 I have to admit that I was a little distracted by the football game on the TV at the bar. I felt it took away from the atmosphere. Overall, it was a good experience. I would give it a 3.5 it I could.
First, I'll start by saying that the food, once I was served, was good. Nowhere near worth the price. Certainly not worth the wait.

The only reason I came by here was that they have a sign proclaiming that they are mostly gluten-free. I walked in, the place is empty, and I waited quite a while before anyone bothered to come out and seat me, without a menu. Eventually the waitress brought me out pita bread with onions. I asked her if the pita bread was gluten-free and she told me of course it wasn't.

Now, I figured this, however, if your restaurant is proud to be gluten free, and hangs a sign outside to encourage customers seeking gluten-free foods then a) you should ask first before you bring out (not counting desserts) the main item of food that ISN'T gluten-free out to your customer and b) don't be rude to your customer. Look, you just basically waved something delicious that I miss in front of me and in effect said "too bad you can't have this."

Getting past that, I was finally given a menu, and PLENTY of time to decide what I wanted. I ordered the Chicken Filet Sultani, which is chicken kabob with a ground meat koobideh kabob.

The koobideh was good, the chicken was kind of tough. Not dry, but maybe overdone. 

I then also had to wait for the waitress to come around for me to pay the bill. I just dropped cash and left.

If you are craving Persian food and you are in North Scottsdale, do not go to Pars. Get back onto Frank Lloyd Wright and drive west until you get to Scottsdale Road, then go north a little way and enjoy The Persian Room.
Pleasantly surprised to find solid Persian food in Scottsdale -- not what we expected. I got the Pars special (steak, kebab, and cornish game hen). I did not realize how much food they give in these combos. Beyond the proportions, the flavor of the meat was good (well seasoned and reminded me of the great Persian restaurant, Persepolis, that we used to frequent in Manhattan). Anyhow, if you like Persian or middle eastern food, in general, this place will definitely do the trick.
Went in to get a to-go order. Place was as dead as it can get for a Sunday night in Scottsdale. 

I walked in to see two employees, I'm assuming the owner and the server, deep in conversation, not even caring to welcome me into their establishment. I mean, HELLO, I'M A PAYING CUSTOMER!!??? CAN YOU SEE ME???!! The owner then walks back into the backroom, the server walks over to the register and prints out my bill and hands it over to me, and saying, it'll be about 6 more minutes... still... NO GREETING!!! How does she even know what I'm there for!!???

When a client comes walking into my office, I stop my conversation with my co-worker and greet my client. I guess customer service isn't all too par at this restaurant. 

Food on the other hand, is good, but not worth the $17.00 for the chicken shish kebab. $17.00!!?? really?? Is this chicken marinated in gold??? DANG! 

 I'd rather go to The Persian room then ever come back to Pars. Lets class up the customer service experience! You're in a service industry! Smile! Greet! WELCOME PEOPLE!!
I'm going to keep the 4 star rating because so much of their stuff is so good, but I just had their 'filet mignon' skewer and ... if that's filet mingon then I'm the Prince of Persia! Filet Mignon is unbelievably tender and generally cubed (in this context). What I was served was thinly sliced, and quite tough. Not terribly tough, but certainly not melt-in-the-mouth that you would expect from filet mignon. If you want to call it 'tender beef' or something, go for it but please, not f.m.!  Beer prices were $1 off so that's a good sign! 

They also have beautiful artwork on the walls - very unusual stuff brought over from Iran.
We went here last night with a group of 8 friends. I had gotten take out from here once before but never dined in. The service was great, fresh pitas were brought out immediately with onions/butter. The waiter did a good job answering any questions for those of us who hadn't had persian food before. We ordered the ground beef with saffron rice with berries and a side of yogurt. This was enough for two people. The beef was excellent, moist and flavorful. The yogurt dip with cucumber and garlic was great for dipping the meat and rice. Next time I'll have to save room for dessert!
This place is awesome. My boyfriend and I were supposed to be on a juice fast, but we walked by this place and caved. Their chicken and lamb Shish kebabs are insanely good! It's a bit pricey, but the portions are huge, plus you get unlimited pita bread!
This is by far my favorite restaurant in Scottsdale. The food is wonderful! It is truly done right.  If you have never had Persian food don't be put off, you should definitely try Pars.
In a pinch while on my way to see Taliesin West I dropped in dressed for motorcycling and was greeted warmly by the host. I noted my hurry and was kindly recommended the Lamb Barg-Kebab ($20) for a popular entree that comes out quickly and went for it.

In under 15 minutes I had a to-go bag in my hand. When I got to my destination (after riding ~3 miles with the bag flopping in the wind!) I was very pleased with the quality. I will have to come back another time when I can sit down and enjoy a(n expensive) meal with a date.. The atmosphere and staff seemed pleasant, and I can vouch for the lamb kebab!
The food tasted A-Ok but I'm not in a rush to go back. I ordered the Lamb Shank  ($21) along with the Basmati Rice and the Shirazi Salad ($5.50). 

I thought the lamb was decent, but it didn't make my top ten list. Pars gives you so much rice, that you can have a party of about 50 people at your house and it would be enough for 50 people. Why too much rice, more lamb please. I guess I'm not a fan of Basmati Rice. I also had the Shirazi Salad, which I thought was very tasty and the best part of my Pars experience. In fact, I make this salad at home all the time now. The salad has diced tomatoes, cucumbers, onions and is sprinkled with lemon juice and olive oil. 

The total tab, which included tip for 4 people was $140.
Friends took us for dinner. They had nice outdoor seating which we enjoyed.  The service was friendly, but forgetful, had to be reminded of several things.  

Food was overall quite good. Kabob meats were moist and tasty. They had many flavored rice sides, forms of biryani, that were interesting and fun. Try different ones and share them around. The lamb shank was spectacular.  The baklava was meh.
This place is really amazing. Omg!!  I'm so happy we found Pars. Everything we eat we amazing!  5-star for sure. 

The Boyles
A small restaurant tucked inside a plaza area well worth a visit. At first glance the outside may seem somewhat unappealing. The inside is not much better, however, the food should more than make up what the place lacks in decor.

The staff is very friendly, and service is pretty fast. Having tried plenty of authentic Persian food before I can say this place is up there.

If you're in the area, and in the mood for something different this may be a great choice to end your evening.
Pars Persian Cuisine is a definite must place to try! The staff is friendly and helpful, especially if you are not familiar with the choices. Try the side dishes of Lubia Polo or Adas Polo (I always substitute one of these even though the regular rice is great too). The portions are more than generous; I usually have a take home box so I have lunch the next day as well. Try the Sultani, the kabobs, the chefs platter, all of it. My son and I make it a point to go every time we are in town. He is a vegetarian and loves the choices available. Try this restaurant! You'll be glad you did.
What a gift to have around the corner!

I agree with one of the previous reviewers....from the outside it doesnt look like anything special.  But the inside is wonderfully appointed with tasteful furnishing and artwork.  Tranquil and peaceful.  The bar too is unassuming yet refined and classy.

The waitstaff is all wonderful.  You'll feel like you've been transported to another state of mind where customer service is once again important.  The guys are great!  Such professional courtesy.  

The menu is great.  They have pictures for people so that they know what they are ordering, yet the staff is eager to offer suggestions.  Everything is a speciality.  They have 7 or 8 different types of specialty rices.  The lamb shank is incredible as are all the kabobs and the kebodah!  

No matter what you order, they bring out the softest, fresh hot pita with butter and raw onions.  May sound like a strange combo, but you won't feel that way after trying it.  

And no matter how awesome your meal is (and I promise you will be shocked at how great it tastes) I challenge you to find a way to finish it all.  The portions are wonderfully huge and your mouth will be watering the next day waiting for lunch to arrive so you can finish it.  

Best of all...despite the fact that this feels like a "Saturday night special place", its affordable enough to enjoy any night of the week almost.  Especially because most of you will get two meals out of it!!!

I have learned to love The Persian Room also.  But PARS is so much classier...so much more romantic...so much more "approachable" for those of us not from the middle east.  And the food is better here too.  

Gotta check this place out!!!!
Absolutely adore this spot. Love persian food. My culture is amazing, and its highly demonstrated here. The cook left Persian Room and opened up his own little spot. It's a great hole in the spot restaurant. Good for dates, and family events. Love the owners. GREAT service, great food.
I loved the Salmon Kebab with Sabji Pulo. Yumm...

The Pulo or rice was the best I have ever eaten. And we eat rice almost daily. 

We also had the chicken and the lamb kebabs. I just had a little taste of them but they were not out of this world or anything. 

The owners confirmed that they have recently gone Kosher. No halal meats here although the menu still says it is halal.

Place is kinda small. Good to call in a reservation on weekends.
We enjoyed a very late lunch here on Tuesday 2/19/13.  We arrived around 2PM, well after the usual lunch time.  I'm always a bit trepidatious about eating later than the usual meal times as the food quality sometimes suffers.  

Darius, the waiter was extremely pleasant and informative about the dishes.  We ordered off the lunch menu which includes a green salad with onion, tomato and cucumber and rice with the dish.  I had the Chicken Filet-Kebab with basmati rice.  I have to commend the chef on this dish.  It was well seasoned and they accomplished the trick of grilling the chicken and it was still tender and juicy!  Well done!!

My husband had the Salmon with Sabzi Polo.  The salmon was tastefully marinated in their own special sauce and was served with their Sabzi Polo rice.  The rice is basmati mixed with with fresh garlic, dill weed, parsley & cilantro.  Wonderful, wonderful rice!!  We both loved it.

They have an attractive patio so you can enjoy outdoor seating.    The decor indoors is tasteful.. not particularly exciting but acceptable.

We were very pleased with the food and service and look forward to dining at Pars again!
This place is awesome. The food is delicious, the service is outstanding, and the prices are very reasonable. I wish we lived closer to it, but as it is we make an effort to come here when we are in town every year for Spring Training. The stews in particular have a unique depth of flavor. I highly recommend that everyone check this place out and see for themselves what a great spot it is!
Fabulous kubideh...and I've tried it all over the US. For lunch food was very reasonably priced and, as already pointed out, with very large portions. Went back  to try the chicken kebabs, but then had the kubideh again!! Wait staff was super nice...try it, you'll like it!!
What a horrible place!  I order a stew...little did I know it was going to be one of the most salty, tasteless meals I've ever eaten.  There was suppose to be Cilantro in the stew...there wasn't.  I ask for some and the waiter brings my parsley! He tells me they don't have cilantro, yet the menu clearly said there was cilantro. The owner sometime later came by to ask me about the meal, I told how bad it was...he said thanks and turned around.  My sister ordered a beef Kabob...menu price was $17.  The waiter asked if she wanted this or that. We get the bill, and her meal costs $25!!!  She thought the meal tasted good, but said she'd never go back again. We got the bill for $60!!!  With all their nickel and dime items.  I would never suggest this place to a soul...and the restaurant is empty...and there is a reason!
always good, great staff delicious fresh food  in a slightly romantic setting with a full bar. I have never had one complaint. We have eaten here at least 25 times. The food is healthy, seasoned perfectly and huge portions.  The service and the kitchen are well coordinated. Great job.
Quality, Service, Class. This is properly fine dining.

They serve authentic skewers of heaven, and even the rice is good here (a lot of middle eastern restaurants overlook their rice, this was a most pleasant surprise). Service exceptional, and if you like wine the drinks are very well-priced. The beef sultani plates are exceptional, but if you are looking for somethingh different the chicken sultani is a very pleasant surprise.

A perfect date place if you want to impress.
Been here on 3/22/14, the service was nice and there were good veg options too.. (As am vegie) liked the complimentary bread & onion. 

And there soup & oyster entree was awesome.. But keep in mind it bit pricey for what you get !!
I'm 100% persian and was born and raised in LA. I've tasted some of the best home made and restaurant persian food in my time and Pars is nothing short of the best. Quality is always spot on and the meals are authentic. This is the only Persian restaurant that I'll dine at in Arizona.
Food adventure stop #23? - Persian food!

Was invited by a girl friend to try this place as my first Persian food experience, recommended by her as she has been a fan of this place, and just by one visit, i became a fan!

We enjoyed a shared plate of grilled lamb, chicken and veggie kabobs, complimented with two different kinds of rice, one with dates and beans, the other was with saffron if i remembered it correctly. The kabob was tasty with the unique Persian seasoning I suppose, though not overly salted or spiced, the flavor was more on the mild side, which was good for us :) We both liked the rice with dates in it, the little sweetness really balanced well with the food. 

I look forward going back for some more of its menu!
I really like Pars but I have been there a few times now. Their gheimeh, gheimeh bademjan and lamb shank are nothing short of delicious and I love their bread. The restaurant is a bit on the pricier side but the portions are large and enough for a dinner the following day too. The waiter was great and very genuine and friendly. We will certainly make Pars a regular stop in the future.
I can only comment on the lunch portion given take out, but the portions are pretty big and tasty.  My usual is the gyros plate, came with pita, basmati rice, side salad, and a whole roasted tomato. The meat are just four giant strips of meat diagonal on the to go box, and they had the right amount of salt as well as crispiness from the rotisserie process.

I had the appetizer combo plate once dining in, but the tray is huge! Would not recommend tackling with a party under four people.

For a $10 meal, the gyros plate was very good. I'm pretty sure you get more pita when you eat in, so make sure you do if you want to try out this awesome Persian cuisine!
Lets first start with the ambiance. The furniture and decor was outdated. It was dark, gloomy, and far from elegant being the prices were more then your average restaurant. It needs a lot of gordon ramsays help to fix this restaurant. The service was average, if that. We started with the shirazi salad which contained diced cucumbers, tomatoes, onions, a little bit of EVOO, and a tremendous amount of lemon juice. It was very difficult to enjoy with the sour/tart aftertaste. Since this was our first time, we decided to order the chefs special platter. It contained chicken breast kebob, ground beef Kebob, and lamb Kebob. On top of that we also ordered the shish Kebob platter. This platter contained "filet mignon" Kebob (biggest lie, filet mignon isn't a thin strip of meat which is tough, unless they don't know how to cook it), another chicken breast Kebob and lamb Kebob. We ordered these platters for some variety, but the funny thing is, there was no variety. All of the meats were marinated in the same spices/sauce that in result, didn't allow us to differentiate between all of the different meats. I am a foody and I cook traditional shish Kebob at home, being that I am from the Middle East. This restaurant does not deserve to sell and advertise their horribly tasting Kebobs. Having said that, their basmati rice was my favorite dish. That is why I'm generous enough to give them two stars. In conclusion, 6 skewers of the same exact tasting meats, a huge portion of basmati rice, small bowl of salad, and two hot teas costed roughly 120 dollars with tip. Don't waste your time and gas. You would have a better service at McDonald's.
Just went here, please do not judge Persian food in this restaurant, the tadig was old and very hard to chew, he replaced our tadig with another same old hard to chew tadig. He over charges, make sure you read the entire menu for suprise charges. The owner seems to have no knowledge of restaurant etiquette. We order chicken soltani and they brought beef and said there is no chicken koobedeh. The beef koobideh has an odd taste... The restaurant was dead I should have known. I do not recommend this place, as a Persian I am embarrassed it is called Persian. The owner seemed extremely arrogant and I hope he leaves the restaurant industry...
Horrible horrible service and food. The owner is very condescending and rude. Stay away. If you're hungry go to the Taco Bell right across...
I read the negative reviews I ignored it and paid the price and now I am filled with remorse and wish I didn't go. The Italian restaurant next door was the better option, or maybe Arby's.
Great place! I own the spa across the street (Hawaiian Experience Spa) and finally have driven by Pars hundreds of times. Finally, I made the time to check out this unique restaurant. 

We went for lunch on a Sunday, and everything was great. My only complaint, so to speak, was that there was no lunch menu and the dinner portions are too large for me for lunch. I ended up getting Chicken-Kabob and my wife just got soup and we split everything. It was still $31 with a tip with no drinks.

Still, the food was excellent, the service was great, and it was a nice quiet place. I definitely recommend it.
This was one of the worst Persian food experience of my life. It is a small restaurant with no ambiance. One waiter for the whole place. The waiter was not flexible with the menu. It was expensive for a neighborhood dive and the food was tasteless. Go to the Persian Room instead.  Our food was so bad it wasn't even worth sending it back. 
Poor service
Poor ambiance
Poor food 
Poor experience 
Over priced
Stay away at all costs. It is an overpriced, under service and ambiance place.  Food was below average and the owner/waiter or whatever he is was rude and inflexible with the menu. So it is a pricey, no ambiance place, slow service, and belw average food. The Persian Room is a much better place.
Let me start with saying that I'm persian and grew up with persian food. The food at Pars is very authentic. The kababs are moist and delicious and the saffron rice is to die for. 
I can make most of the stews at home but somehow I haven't met anyone yet that can make kabobs at home as good as at a restaurant. I still have to learn the secret of the perfect persian kabob. 
The Soltani platter is a little pricey but its my absolute favorite. 
Don't forget to try the house made, persian ice cream sandwiches. Its delicious and you will end up licking your fingers at the end.
This is a must stop when we come to town. They have the best dolmeh we've ever had, anywhere. The service has been great everytime we've gone.
I love this place and the food. It's not too far from my husband's business and we stop by to have our favorite chicken sultani and the warm pite with different veriaty of the round platter with appetizers. And there serving size is so big that I didnt have to cook myself for the next two days. Just love it, thank you!!!
Used to like this place but very disappointed today.  They ran out of koobideh on a sunday (that's like McDonalds running out of Fries). After the server explained the situation she said same price for barg. Eventually we agreed (reluctantly). Then our server came back and said no, its going to cost extra and would rather us know than just give us a bill for more than expected (as if that's an option, surprise! $).

Our party of 6, some from out of town with strong cravings were about to head elsewhere.  We decide to speak to the manager who instantly confirms there will be no koobideh. My wife (who's Iranian) and i come frequently and expressed our disappointment.  My wife is fair skinned with light hair and doesn't always get recognized as Iranian. So... Her and the manager switch to farsi and not a moment after realizing shes Iranian we are told he can have koobideh ready in 10 minutes.  

About 10 minutes later, not a minute more, we were served what we had been asking for all along. Interesting right? Now you can form your own opinion from reading this. I know for us, we will be thinking again before returning or referring others and will be make a point to tell our Iranian friends about this story.  I couldn't be more ashamed and embarrassed for them over this experience especially after patronizing the business for many years prior. Bottom line, the food isn't quite like it used to be and apparently there are some other deep rooted issues as well. 

But hey, there's always Persian room.
Went for lunch. Nice seating indoors and out. Quiet though for lunchtime. We had the koobideh and the chicken kabob. Lunch comes with salad and rice as well as a grilled tomato. The food was great EXCEPT that one of the tomatoes clearly had mold on it and the chef/owner tried to say that the tomato changes to white/grey mold color when cooked. So not only did he give me mold to eat but then lied about what it was. 
4 star food but 1 star service from the owner
*disclaimer* our server was great however
...not sure if I should go back...should I?
I've been looking for a great Persian restaurant since my last dining experience at Doostan. It was quite a drive for me, but I enjoyed the food so much that I came for dinner twice within the same week. The vibe seemed subdued from the lack of patrons, but the quiet atmosphere made it a cozy place to bring dates and small gatherings. Along with the front patio, there was a full bar situated next to the entrance. Past the partition was the dining area with scores of smaller tables surrounding the long vertical one for large gatherings. The blue, purple, and beige dcor nicely complemented the warm lighting and a number of paintings on the walls.

Their complementary pita bread was thick, fluffy, and pillow-like with a hint of smoke. It was a great starter with Halim Bademjan ($7.50) assembled with fried eggplant, tomatoes, garlic, onions, and other seasoning. The consistency was not as thick or flavorful as the one at Flame International. However, the pronounced garlic flavor was a hit when added to the soft smoky pita. My only wish was for the eggplant flavor to stand out more. It was good, but not mind blowing.

The Lamb Shish-Kebab ($21) was put together with chunks of marinated lamb, tomatoes, bell peppers, onions, and at my request, cherry rice ($4.50).  The lamb was tender and moist with full-on flavor. The cuts were chewy, but I could taste the saffron as the mix of cherry was delicious in the basmati. For the price, I wished there could be more cherries in the basmati, but the lamb made quite an impression. 

The Chicken Shish-Kebab ($17) arrived with charbroiled marinated chicken breast, bell peppers, onions, tomatoes, and choice of dill and lima beans rice ($4.5). The chicken came with tremendous wow factor: super moist, juicy, and flavorful. The dill and lima beans basmati was not overpowering, and instead the taste was complementary to the chicken.

The Cornish Hen Kebob ($17) was equally outstanding. This dish came with an entire Cornish Hen served bone-in, and each piece was evenly cooked to perfection to render a meaty juicy sensation. The cherry rice was again a hit. I will go the distance whenever I can find cherry rice. 

Lastly, the Salmon Kebob ($18.50) came with marinated salmon and basmati rice mixed with fresh garlic, dill weed, parsley & cilantro. The salmon was tender but slightly overdone. The rice had a smooth refined flaovr as a secondary to provide depth. I wasn't particularly blown away by this dish, especially since the previous dishes were really outstanding. Among them, I'm still partial to the Lamb and Chicken Kebob. 

Service was inconsistent, as my dining companion drank from a dirty glass without knowing it until the end of his meal. My second visit fared much better. The server was knowledgeable, friendly, highly attentive, and invited us to return. Here's one of the few legitimate places to grab Persian cuisine in this area. I'd be very interested in coming back to try the Persian Ice Cream, Baklava, and Zoombia & Bamieh.
I used to like this place for one reason. Ice cream. But service here is so horrible now. I can't comment on the food since we were never seated. The "hostess" was new and told us there were no tables available even though there were plenty of tables open. I asked why and she said those are all reserved for later...Hmm it was 6:45 and she said people had reservations for 6:30. That was the first issue. We've been here many times in the past, never with a reservation and this new hostess says they don't have a table for us. Then a server comes over and assures us we are not welcome there. Your job is to make customers feel welcomed, not kick them to the curb. Needless to say I will never come back. The only reason I've been going in the past was for their pistachio ice cream. All of the meat or chicken was always way too dry or undercooked. Rude service to say the least. They need to get rid of this horrible new staff and keep that help wanted sign on the window cause the staff they have now belongs at a walmart with their lack of hospitality. Go to Persian Room.
Delicious! The chicken sultani is very flavorful and the oyster mushroom kebob was perfect! The portions are large-we took leftovers home. We sat outside were it was quiet, but the inside had a nice ambiance as well. Wish I would have had room for dessert.
Great for vegetarians!  Try the mushrooms!

We've hit up Pars a couple of times when we were stuck in a food rut.  Both times I was very impressed with the experience.  The decor leaves a bit to be desired - it is very dated inside and quite small and dark.  The wine list was also a bit of a drag - pretty cheap selections and nothing unique.  Instead, I had a beer with dinner.  The two of us ordered:

Vegetarian Platter (Dolmeh, Maust' Khiar & Hummus) and the Oyster Mushroom Kebab to split.  My boyfriend is HUGE eater, and we were stuffed by the end of the meal - I definitely recommend splitting unless you love leftovers.  

Great food - we will definitely be back the next time we can't decide where to head in our neighborhood!
Came here with a friend one evening, and we were seated quickly,  though the place was kind of dead. The friendly waiter brought out pitas and drinks,  and we got our order fairly quickly. And let me tell you,  what an order!  Tons of food! I got the Chicken Barg-Sultani, and it was super delicious. Great rice and salad.  Though  really, the order could have been half the size and price and It would have been just as good. Not sure if the huge plates of food are a cultural thing,  meant to be shared? Not used to that,  but good to know for next time. 

It definitely cured my desire for something different that evening!
I am going to preface this review by stating that I have never had Persian food before. Mediterranean yes, but Persian specific, no. We arrived on Saturday night, around 7:30 and the restaurant was busy, but not packed. We waited a few minutes for the host to come by and then were seated. This is not the type of place where they are going to hold your hand to get to your table and then describe things to you. Did not bother me in the least. 

Our waitress quickly came by to introduce herself,  take drink orders, and drop off some pita, butter, and onion. Upon receiving our drinks we ordered the appetizer platter. When we told her we weren't quite ready to order she gave us time, but then came back within an appropriate amount of time to check-up (I find a lot of places they nearly forget about you if you aren't ready right away, so this was nice). 

The appetizer platter was huge and we barely made a dent. I especially liked the dolmeh and Maust' Khiar. For my entree I ordered the Sultani: filet and koobideh, going 1/2 salad and 1/2 rice for the side. I thought this was very good. The filet had a nice flavor and was tender. The koobideh had a distinct flavor of it's own that I very much enjoyed. The rice and salad were a nice compliment. I didn't even come close to finishing my plate; you definitely get plenty of food.  My friends ordered a variety of other dishes ranging from one of the stews to the gyro platter. Everyone seemed to enjoy their meals. 

We agreed that we would not go out of our way to visit very often, but the food was great Persian if you are in the area and hungry for that type of cuisine.
Dang! I wanted to be the first to write a review and TWO people beat me to it! This place has great, fresh, healthy food! They day I went, they'd only been open for 4 days and they were a little discombobulated. Serving spoons were nowhere to be found, so the folks working there were trying to use tiny plastic spoons to fill big heaping containers. Their cash register was broken too.

But from my first taste of baklava, nothing else mattered but the food. The baklava is luscious. It's some of the best I've ever had. It's not gloopy and not cloyingly sweet. The taste of nuts and honey and flakey pastry all come through.

Then I tried their veggie soup. It was nothing fancy, but somehow heart-warming soul food in soup form. 

The Manoshet White Cheese pita/pizza like thing (fiteer for those who know the language) was outstanding. The pitas are fresh baked every day using organic flour. I could eat the Manoshet 3x/day and it would be a long time before I'd tire of it.

The Nazarene Salad was a standout. Cabbage, carrots, sesame seeds and bell pepper in a tasty homemade dressing. 

I do want to suggest they add a combo plate of salads but as friendly as these folks are, I bet they'd make one just for you even if it isn't on the menu.

The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was the atmosphere. I'm not so inclined to eat in and much more inclined to get take out. But the food is some of the best to be found in Vegas.
I am a fan of Middle Eastern food, I cook it, I grew up on it, and I eat it most of the time, so, I was told about this new Resturuant Amena by a friend last week, we went there with other people, I looked at the menue that looked mostly similar to the other Mideastern Resturaunts' menues with a couple of more items, however, I was impressed with watching the bread being baked behind the counter, and being served warm from the oven, I was more impressed to learn that this bakery makes baklava and sweets (both middle eastern, and western sweets), I was even more impressed when I learned that you have the option to have your baklava with less sugar than you usually get at other places, and what imprssed me most is when I learned that you can order Kunafeh, this is a very specialized desert that is made in parts of the Middle East, it is made of goat cheese, hairy dough, nuts, and honey sauce, it will take them about 20 minutes to prepare it because they make it fresh for you. So, we ordered the regular food, and tehy made the desert while we were having our lunch which was heavenly, everything is so fresh, and delicious. the owners are soooo concerned about the customers satisfaction, when I bought few items from the bakery to take home after the meal, I asked if they had whole wheat pita bread, and because they had the whole wheat pitas baked the day before, and not the day of the sale, they refused to charge me for the pitas, which by the way turned out to be heavenly, I wouldn't have known it was baked the day before if they didn't tell me.
I strongly recommend that you try this place.
I found Amena thanks to Yelp -- again - (Poly A, your review was terrific and convinced me particularly when comparing your notes on Habib's, that I should give them a shot).   So this Easter Sunday, when I realized I'd not ordered items for a party the next day, I remembered reading the review and headed over -- they were open -- Habib's wasn't.  

I explained my situation to Amir -- what a great guy.  He and his niece were thoughtful and caring -- beyond generous.  I think they offered me samples of everything in the place.  And even offered to make items I needed that were not on their menu.   I arranged for pick up the next day at 2:00 (meat, cheese and spinach pies, stuffed grape leaves, falafel, tahini, pita bread, baklava, these round phyllo cookies that were crispy, sticky, sweet and cinnamony and just incredible, as well as little chocolate "quickers").   

My staff had made lots of the items we served at the Persian-themed party, but there were some things that were just too hard for them to pull off -- hence the outsourcing.  I've not had tremendous luck finding good reliable sources since we've come to Vegas -- but these folks are the real deal.  

And sure enough, yesterday at 2:00 sharp -- they were ready, and proud -- even found Persian music for me to use at the party!  Everything was delicious -- truly spectacular and reasonably priced.

Bless the Chef's heart -- he looked exhausted, too.  I know my order was a tall one.  

I did learn one thing that I thought was interesting that Poly hadn't mentioned -- the family is from Nazareth.  Amir used to be a local bank branch manager.  

Anyone looking for a great lunch -- terrific falafel sandwiches, kebobs, etc -- like Poly said -- on freshly baked pita is in for a treat.  It's also a great spot for a dessert -- or to use them for takeout -- but probably best to get to know them and order in advance.   

The shelves do seem a bit bare -- but trust me, engage the owner or the girls in a conversation -- ask him what he likes -- their food couldn't be fresher, or their hearts any bigger -- and when I see a family working this hard in this business with such passion, I can't help but want to spread the word...
An okay bakery, but is it a five star lunch spot? No. True to its confectionary specialties, the food here is sweet- and I mean everything is sweet. The sticky sweet croissants, the salads that are peppered with honey and candied nuts, the pita sandwiches that are oddly stuffed with whole oranges (pith and all) and sweet pickle, even the simple vegetable soup that overwhelmingly tasted like sweet potatoes and allspice- absolutely every dish served to us here incorporated fruits or honey, transmogrifying a savory lunch into a toothache inducing sugar fest. I can understand how the sweet-savory thing can appeal to some people (like, I don't know, pre-diabetics and your typical Waldorf salad eating American sugar addict), but I can't stand it. The staff is extremely friendly and well-acquainted with their sacrosanct Yelp referrals; in fact, they're almost too friendly... like guilt you into writing a good review for some free baklava friendly. Further, to my understanding, the only thing organic here is the wheat flour they use in their breads- big deal? Nothing that I love about Mediterranean food came through here - the sumac, the pungent garlic, the lamb, the kebabs, the fresh roasted vegetables... you won't find any of it here. Overall, an average bakery (the baklava and pinwheels were good- but I'm not orgasmic over them), but lunch? Eh...
Thanks to Poly for recommending this place so strongly.  Mamoun's Falafel in NYC is my favorite restaurant of all time and while it wasn't close to being THAT good, this is the best I've had in Vegas.  Hummus was awesome and I could eat the pita for DAYS.  

Very friendly staff that gave us a couple of extra pieces of pita for our sampler and the salad was very good with a nice variety of stuff.  Came out to about $16 for two.  

I still don't get how restaurants in Vegas can get away with calling their meat "shawarma" when its cooked in a pan.  It should be on a skewer or spit or something like that.  Whatever..food is still good here and I plan on becoming a semi-regular since I live so close.
I wanted to love this place, I really did but something just wasn't right.  Like Carly A. said "An it's an o.k. bakery but not a five star lunch spot."  The owners were overly friendly, but the presentation and organization left much to be desired.

Upon entering there was this loud middle eastern music playing, and I couldn't hear what the waitress was saying.  I ordered the Amena salad w/ chicken.  When the salad came out there was no chicken on it, I asked the waitress and she said it doesn't come w/ chicken on it.  Why didn't she tell me that when I ordered?  I also ordered a chicken shawarma sandwich, which was o.k. but a little sloppy and too much cumin or turmeric in it.

It was a little expensive for my taste...$20 for a sandwich and salad, which took too long to make and wasn't that good.  The ingredients were fresh and the pita bread and hummus were yummy, but  dealing w/ the loud music, the wait, the misunderstanding w/ the order and the overpriced lunch did not make for an enjoyable experience.
Amena serves dishes from owner Amer Hamed's native Israel, and indeed, there are Israelis here at any given moment, chatting away in Hebrew and eating 
shawarmas. The restaurant also doubles as a bakery. Fresh pita bread, hot rolls and delicious pastries and meat pies are made on the premises daily, and that includes Saturdays.
Recently had lunch at Amena.  Very good lunch spot.  Owner and his staff were very attentive and offered good recommendations on their menu.

Food was very good - particularly enjoyed the falafel, hummus, schwarma, pita, baklava and manoshet.  Falafel, hummus and pita were particularly notable - hummus was fresh, creamy, flavorful, falafel was freshly made, crispy on the outside, smooth and well seasoned inside.

Atmosphere was simple and unassuming - very comfortable, nice little market/cafe atmosphere one commonly sees in mediterranean style restaurants.

Recommended lunch option in the center of town - again, very good food and very friendly and helpful owner and staff.  Another local business that deserves support based on quality and service.
There is nothing better on a summer day then some fresh Mediterranean/ Greek Food. 
I was going to Trader Joe's and happened to see Amena in the corner of my eye so i quickly looked it up on yelp on my Iphone and say it got good reviews. 
Went inside and was happy how to see it is almost a deli set up with a little bit of table service.
I had the Amena Salad $7.49 which had Mixed lettuce, Tomatoes, Cucumbers, Red onions, Feta Cheese, Walnuts and black olives with what i think was a herb vinaigrette. It hit the spot and was nicely balanced but kinda hard to eat with everything being small diced. 
Since i was hard torn between the salad and Falafel sandwich the cashier/ server/ busboy/ possible owner gave me three falafels and a pita bread for free.
The pita bread as Misti Y. sayes is AYUMYUMYUMYUM. taste like it was made minutes before it was brought out. and the falafel was very good. Crispy on the out side and soft on the inside with a great balance of herbs and spices. 
I would defiantly recommenced this place for a nice relaxed lunch.
I will come back again.
I've always seen this place when I go to Trader Joes and after seeing all the positive reviews on Yelp, decided to give it a try. I wasn't disappointed...it was pretty damn tasty. There were a few other people in the cafe eating when we arrived and we decided to eat in as well. The proprietors were super friendly and asked if it was our first time there. They totally made us feel right at home, as opposed to a couple other places we have tried recently where we felt like total outsiders/intruders since we weren't regulars.  

We ordered a falafel sandwich and a hummus plate with falafel. That plus a couple bottles of water was under $20. The bf had the falafel sandwich which was stuffed with a variety of toppings (I had to have a few bites and it was delicious). The hummus came with 4 falafel balls and a stack of super fresh, pillowy pita (and way more than I could eat so I took half home--Mmmm midnight snack!). Soooooo good. I could basically eat nothing but hummus and pita  everyday and this is some of the best I've had--I'm definitely going to be frequenting Amena for takeout hummus and pita in the future...looking forward to trying the babaganoush next time too! I just wish this place was closer to my house.
Great food, great value! 
The falafel pita is super delicious and a great value! 
This is a nice deli-style restaurant, perfect for grabbing a quick lunch or just having a casual dinner with friends.  
They also have pita, hummous and pastries available for dine-in or take out.  We got pita, hummous and baklava to go.  Everything was great! We will definitely be going back to Amena!
ok.  i like this place.  i've tried many middle eastern / greek places in this town, but this is one of my favorites.  it's definitely a hole in the wall, and despite being a middle eastern restaurant, the owner seems to be israeli and the workers are mexican.  interesting, but you say halal, i say kosher. 
anywho, their fallafal is really good, and so are the fries.  they also serve mexican pickled vegetables when you sit down..  why?  i don't know.  but i do recommend this place, and it's close to trader joe's.
The best lunch I had all week was at Amena. I've been there quite a few times, and I've never been disappointed. I generally get the falafel since it's the best in town, but today I went for the kibbeah, babaganoush and hummas. When the owner saw that I was torn between the falafel and the kibbeah, he tossed in a couple of falafel for free! And i had the most wonderful fresh lemonade with crushed mint. Unbelieveably good. As always, the food was superior and the service was outstanding. Why eat corporate crap when something as wonderful as Amena exists?
This place is just wonderful. Absolutely the best hummus I've ever had - it's so creamy! The fresh pitas are to die for, and the owner (who I believe has rung me up every time I've been) is a really nice guy - when I was deciding what to get today, he gave me a sample of the homemade baklava, which was dissolve-in-your-mouth delicious. Amazing place, wish it was a little closer to my house!
I stared Death in the face and ordered a falaffel sandwich.

I was getting ready to leave Las Vegas. The TV weatherman's map showed the southern half of California being pounded under torrential rain.  The entire length of I15 back to California was colored red, and the forecast was for the storm to peak at 3 pm, exactly when I was supposed to leave for the 5 hour drive home.  The Weather Channel said there would be high wind warnings in effect and mentioned there would be the possibility of tornadoes along the road back to southern California.   

Well, I thought, if I'm going to risk my life on the road during this storm, I want to make damn sure I have a decent last meal.  There was no doubt in my mind, I had to have a falaffel sandwich from Amena Bakery.

I had just tried the place for the first time the day before, based on Misti Y's excellent review.  Her recommendation was, as the English say, spot on.   

Amena's pita bread is heavenly.  Tender and light, but still strong enough to hold a bunch of falaffel patties and fixin's. And as Misti notes, they serve the falaffel sandwiches stuffed at Amena Bakery, none of that bogus folded pita nonsense here!  (hello Daphne's!)  The falaffel patties have a great initial crunch and a flavorful interior.  Absolutely delicious!  Each sandwich is made to order, so the patties are plenty warm when you get them.  When your sandwich is ready, you specify what toppings you want.   Without question, this was the best falaffel sandwich I've had in the last 20 years.

So, now, as I was getting ready for my redicuously dangerous trip home, I was faced with that Yelp Profile question: what did I want for my last meal on Earth?  

It came down to a Super Taco from La Takiza, or a falaffel sandwich from Amena Bakery.    They are both excellent, and I would have been happy to have either one in my belly when I kicked off.  I ended up picking Amena because there are plenty of taco places where I live, but nowhere to get a great falaffel sandwich.

And Amena didn't disappoint!  The woman at the register remembered me from the day before.  She asked if I was going to try something new today.  I really wanted to try the shwarma, but I stuck with the falaffel.  I also purchased a couple baklavas.  I'm not a big baklava fan, but the free sample I got on my first visit was so delicious, I had to have more!  So crunchy and sweet!

I can't wait to go back to Amena!  I'll have to go multiple times next time I'm in town because I really want to try the shwarma and other items on the menu, and I can't wait to get another falafflel sandwich. 

Mikey C says: Thanks for turning me on to Amena Bakery, Misti Y!  I love this place!
Ok so this place is GREAT! The service was great! The food was great! My friend just got back from Saudi Arabia and he said that the food at Amena was very AUTHENTIC. I come to Vegas every year and I will definitely be coming back to Amena!
This place is great! 

Found it from the glowing yelp reviews and it was spot on. 

Nice little shop with great items, the fresh pita bread was soo good. 

-Beef Shawarma Plate: nice portion of marinated beef, hommus and a nie little salad. It was good, tender meat, nice flavor and good portion. 

-Gyro Plate: Gyro meat was spot on, one of the best tatsing in Las Vegas, same sides as beef plate. 

The tahini sauce they have on the side is great, smooth texture and great flavor. They also have baklava as well, I didnt try it but everything else was soo good I would imagine it would be good too. 

I will be back for sure.
Went to Vegas and couldn't leave without some falafel :)  I went to Amena because it got such amazing reviews! The woman at the front was incredibly hospitable!  We came on a Sunday night and practically had the place to ourselves -YAY!

I took a first-time-falafel-taster here.  I was very proud of him because he was very open to trying a vegetarian favorite of mine.  He ate 5 out of 8 falafel balls and killed the hummus, so it was a success!  The pita was so fresh!  We both adored the mint lemonade.  It was amazing and thank you so much for the refills!
Vegetarians rejoice! ...and Middle Eastern food fanatics!  This place is great!  I had long been craving sabich (ch pronounced like a hard hhhhhh, other transliterations use sabikh with a K) since the Israeli joint on Fort Apache and Sahara closed down over 3 years ago.  A little birdie told me Amena had sabich, so on a trek from UNLV to Centennial Hills, I stopped here for lunch.

Fresh-made pita daily, this place smells good and has a wide variety of menu items including sandwiches with schawarma, falafel, lamb to veggie pies, hummus, lebneh, etc.  I stood in line and looked frantically for sabich on the menu, but it was not there.  However, the staff resassured me that it is available, "off-the-menu."

Sabich is essentially a pita stuffed with eggplant, hard boiled egg, and amba (a sour mango spread).  Amena serves it with hummus instead of amba, and then allows you to stuff it with all of the healthy fixins': red cabbage, green cabbage, diced onions with a tomato paste similar to harissa with a hint of spice, cucumber, sliced onions, and pickles.  It was a MOUTHFUL!  The staff set s'chug (hot pepper paste) and tahini bottles on the table.  I also got a Mexican coke to drink.  

The sandwich was overfull of deliciousness, endless flavors, crunchy fresh veggies, soft pillowly fresh pita, a variety of beautiful colors, hot and soft eggplant and eggs....drool!  Eating this...probably seemed like food porn to the rowdy group of Israeli guys at the table next to me, chattering away in Hebrew.  I am so coming back here and dragging Eric R. who loves middle eastern food and fresh pita!!!  And for all of the curious readers out there, the word for tasty in Hebrew is "ta-im!"
I have been on a falafel kick and on the quest to find the tastiest ones around town. This is a serious contender. 

I love that it's a stuffed pocket and not just folded up like a taco and the bread is fresh made. This was how shawarma places I frequented as a kid did it. It's also awesome how you can pick your toppings! I like that they give you a bottle of tahini for the table since I loveeee tahini and pepper paste. 

The falafel itself was crispy, but still fluffy inside and had good flavor. We are coming back for this for sure. We also tried a shawarma and this was good, but it's not quite the shawarma I'm looking for. Good spices, but the meat didn't come from a spit, but pan. 

We also grabbed some pastries. Two baklava, a flowery "macaroon" of sorts, a date cookie. The baklava is money. It was syrupy in a good way. When you bite in it's moist with syrup, but it's not overly sweet. Definitely will be getting. The other two were just okay, I don't think I'd get again. 

Prices were reasonable. Two sandwiches (I think they were $6.50 each), two drinks, 4 pastries was $26. 

Conclusion- Falaf'n tasty! Bak-lovin'! Though there was a few okay items we ordered, those two items were some good eats. We will be back!
Thank you once again Yelp Las Vegas!!!

I was searching for a yummy lunch spot and I came across Amena!

I not a huge fan of falafels but I'm a huge fan of pita :D

After having Amena's falafels in their fluffy pita pocket... I'm sold!
Not a huge fan of their hummus or talziki sauce but the falafels and pita bread are amazing enough to make me want to come back soon!

Next time I want to try their chicken shawarma! Haven't had it since I was in Dubai. Oh and their baklava :D

If you love pita bread... stop by Amena's for their daily fresh baked pitas which comes in minis and regular size. I got a bag of minis to go :))

After lunch here today with my gf... I'm a big fan of Amena's falafels and pita bread! We both enjoyed Amena's!

Casual in door seating. reasonable prices. no stress free parking.

I'll be back for my middle eastern fix!
-Miss Yelp 2011
The search has finally ended!

Since living in Vegas for the past 18 years I have been sorely disappointed in what some places consider to be a good falafel. 

I have managed to find what I thought was impossible here at Amena.  A beautiful crispy outside, wonderful soft GREEN inside (green is good.... Really good when talking falafel) and amazing flavor falafel ball.  

It is very similar in flavor to the ones I grew up with in San Jose at Falafels Drive In: http://www.yelp.com/biz/falafels-drive-in-san-jose

I ordered the Falafel plate.  It came with 7 large falafel balls, salad, hummus, a small thing of pickles, 1 pita and the necessary 2 sauces: A deliciously spicy pickled pepper chunky delicious concoction.  It also came with the delicious creamy white sauce you can put it on anything.

It was a wonderful lunch.  It really was perfect, save one thing:  It needed more than 1 pita.  The 1 pita provided was enough for either the hummus OR the falafel but not both.  However it was not enough of an issue to give less than 5 stars.

The service was also wonderfully attentive and helpful.  I will be back.  Hopefully to try something different.
Finally got to try this place and I've definitely become a fan!  We got some kinda flatbread with cheese to start which was good, we also ordered the homemade lemonade that I really enjoyed because the owner Amir blends mint into the lemonade which totally tasted like a mojito without the alcohol.
we also ordered the combo plate(Falafel, Hummus, Beef Shawerma, Chicken Shawerma, and a side salad) 

We also shared the Shnetzel Plate which came with fries and a side salad

We definitely enjoyed the Falafel, Pita, Hummus, and salad, but the Beef and Chicken Shawerma were kinda dry and not like other shawerma I've enjoyed before. Unfortunately for the Shnetzel.....dry too. Their sweets were pretty good and we bought more pita and falafel mix to cook up at home.

We'll be back, but  probably just to stock up on more falafel and pita...ALOHA!!!
I will have to Thank Yelp for this amazing place!! Wanted a little something different and came across Amena's... Can't say that I have ever really had mideastern food before, but after Amena's I will be having more in the Future!!! It was a little pricier than I though, but the food is well worth it. And as it is a Locally owned place the staff where awsome! They brought My friend and I free samples of the tasteing lemonade and the most AMAZING baclava I have ever had!!! I HIGHLY recommend this place for a great lunch!!! (And did I mention the best Pita's you will find in town!!! )
Wanted a good place for lunch so yelped, best lunch in las vegas and this place came up and I love greek food so decided to drive a bit from the northwest to try it.  

I couldn't decide what to try, so I got the combo plate with sherwema chicken and beef, hummus, salad and falafel.  

I've had falafel a few times in the past but never really knew what the hype was about......until I tried these.  Seriously perfectly flavored with a bit of crunch with every bite.  

I have a little love for another little locally greek cafe in the northwest, but I must say, this place kills their falafels and pitas.  Freshly baked pitas are wonderous.  Both the chicken and beef were tender and seasoning was also perfect.   The hummus was good.

The salad was a nice crunchy mixture of chopped lettuce and veggies, but the dressing wasn't my favorite, but then again I've only really liked one greek salad dressing and that was from the little greek gem in the northwest.  Overall, it was cold, crisp and refreshing.

The service was great, the owner was there and very helpful and gave me dessert on the house, baklava.  I'm not sure if I've ever finished a whole piece of baklava because of the sweetness, but this one went all in.  Perfect balance of sweetness and crisp texture.  

Felt this little hidden gem had a lot to offer and hopefully more people give it a try.  

Enjoy!
So yummy!

My husband and I were searching for a quick lunch before grocery shopping (never go to Trader Joe's on an empty stomach) and lucky for us, we found Amena right in the same shopping center!

I just moved to Vegas and have been eager to find a pita place to rival my beloved Naf Naf back in Illinois and Amena comes pretty close! The service was so friendly (we even got a complimentary piece of baklava as our dessert) and the food is delicious. We shared a plate of falafel and hummus with fava beans and it was really delicious. The falafels are perfect- crispy and crunchy on the outside, soft and delicious inside, and the hummus is sooo smooth and creamy! I You can also buy the pita to take home, like we did (6 for $2.29, and wayyy better than store-bought pita!). I can't wait to go back to try the shwarma.
It was just okay.  The Filafel was pretty okay.  I do not like their yogurt sauce.  Did not even taste like yogurt.  The pita was soft & chewy at the same time, and was really good.

Their Schwarma was lame.  I don't even think they used a spick for it.  It just tasted/felt like pan fried steak.  Very little flavor.

I would not go back there again.   

The workers are very nice, but the food was just too bland for me.  

I want to warn that I may be a bit biased: I've been to Israel and I've had awesome Filafel & Schwarma in Europe & Turkey, and this does not even come close to the stuff you buy in the streets over there.

Oddly enough, the best Filafel I ever had was in Paris.  So don't let me ruin your experience there.  However, all I can recommend is their Filafel; and it's not a 'glowing' recommendation, but it was okay.
It is hard to find a good falafel anywhere...especially in the middle of the Mojave Desert! Lucky for us Amena exists to fulfill our deepest Middle Eastern food cravings. 
I had a Falafel sandwich($6.49) which came stuffed with pickles and other assorted goodies. Ask for the hot sauce they have a squeeze bottle full of it along with tahini sauce for your sandwich.
They have several tables to sit and eat here,as well as an awesome assortment of sweets.
They make their own grape leaves and pita and lentil soup! Not to be missed!.
Great place to grab a bite before shopping at Trader Joes!
I have been searching for good middle eastern food here in Las Vegas and have had a bumpy ride. Some of my neighbors mentioned Amena, so I looked into trying it. I went in the first time to check it out, and get the feel of the place. I am very critical at times of a restaurants kitchen and staff, if they apear sloppy or unengaged it is a big negative. I think of food almost like medicine bad in = bad in general. I liked everything about it but.... it seemed a bit pricey so we just got some pita bread and humus. I continued my quest for good food from the fertile crescent area. Months later we decided to give it a real shot and had a full meal. Here is what we found.
Great yellow lentil soup. Complex flavors, good texture, and it tastes like it is made with love and skill. The humus was good, if not great, the baba was very good, the pita bread was excellent, the kibbeh was good, the deserts were good, and most of all the owners were fantastic. They were helpful, kind and very welcoming! I am excited to go back and try the grilled chicken platter and more. I am told that if you want the grilled chicken platter and some of the other main courses to order before getting there because they take more time to prepare.
For a long time I was stuck in a rut and went to only one Mediterranean restaurant since it was close to university. Thanks to Yelp and other Yelpers I am trying all these new places now. Amena is by far one of the best I have tried yet. My sister and I came here after a day at the Korean Spa. We had sweated out all the alcohol from the night before and came here for healthy food. 

The restaurant is set up so that you order at the counter and then they bring the food out to your table. As we were looking over the menu, the owner came out and offered us a sample of their dolmades. These are probably one of the best I have ever had. The leaves are tender and the rice filling gave it a nice contrasting texture. Served at room temperature, it was hard not ordering some. We ended up getting the vegetarian plate ($9.99) which consisted of hummus, babaganoush, 4 falafels, tabbouleh, potatoes, Greek yogurt, and a salad. After the last encounter with tabbouleh, I never expected to eat it ever again. The previous restaurant made it entirely out of parsley and had me thinking I was eating grass. Not at Amena, theirs was a good mix of cucumbers, tomatoes, wheat, mint, parsley, and lemon juice. The babaganoush was magnificent. Light and no one flavor was over powering. Like an ensemble cast, there was not one star, they all gave stand out performances. Like everyone mentioned, the falafels and pita are noteworthy. Moving on to the next plate, the Combo ($13.99) had beef and chicken shawarma, hummus, falafels, potatoes, and a salad. Ripping pieces of the pita and using my hands was my only thought. Utensils only slow down the eating process. Squirt some tahini and homemade hot sauce for perfection. Good thing they place a bottle of each on the table. I could not get enough of anything. Before we knew it, both plates were empty and all the pita was gone. 

It is crucial to save room for desserts. Being a bakery, we wanted a cheese stuffed dough dish tossed in a honey sauce, but they were out. Instead, the owner recommended the cheese kanafeh. When it came, we were in awe. My sister guessed that it was phyllo dough, I thought it was vermicelli noodles. Looking it up, we were both right in a way. It is phyllo dough shredded up to vermicelli like strands that has a light spread of cheese, browned in butter, soaked in a simple syrup, and covered with crushed pistachios. 

I had got a Turkish coffee as well. This was my least favorite item. It was too loose. I am used to it being thick foam and almost sludge like near the end. I also appreciate it when it is sweetened for me. I ended up not getting any sugar added to mine because usually it is sweet enough, but not this time.

With the friendliness of the staff and the quality of food, I can't wait to go back.
As much as I love it, I was scared from Mediterranean food after a previously bad experience. My brother, though at another time and place, was in the same position as myself - mine regarding falafel, his over tabbouleh. But we braved it to Amena after a time to the Korean spa to regain both hope and nourishment. Amena threw out of my inhibitions - evident through the empty places and pleas for dessert that soon followed.

My brother and I ordered based off our usual technique: divide and conquer. This meant ordering both the vegetarian plate ($9.99) and the Combo plate ($13.99). Soon after ordering at the counter, our food was brought out, and the Mediterranean bloodbath shortly followed. The vegetarian plate soon became both of our favorites - with hummus, babaganoush, falafel, potatoes, a savory Greek yogurt, salad, and tabbouleh. The babaganoush was so fresh and undiluted in its eggplant essence. The falafel was fresh out of the fryer, and absolutely blew my mind in its simplicity - who knew chickpeas could taste so good? The yogurt was literally thrown on everything, and made everything that was delicious infinitely better.

The Combo plate included beef and chicken shawarma, more hummus, falafel, potatos and another salad. The meat was really good, but honestly, we were more enamored with the veggie plate as we're not big meat eaters (also, we're suckers for babaganoush). Regardless, we finished off two plates within ten minutes or so. But I didn't even mention the pita! Fluffy, freshly baked, and housemade? My brother and I devoured the pita just as fast as we devoured the plates of food in front of us - rip, rip, meat! Rip, rip, falafel! Though we were offered more, our waistlines could not handle the carb overload.

Then there was dessert. Initially, we had wanted to order fried dough stuffed with cheese topped with honey. But somethings are just not meant to be - evident through my inability to pronounce the dish and the fact they ran out of the dough. The proprietors then suggested the kanafeh with cheese (around $7 for a small) as an alternative. Neither of us had a clue what I just got ourselves into, but a few minutes later, I ate my way out of oblivion. Reading my brother's review, the kanafeh is comprised of phyllo dough so thin it resembles vermicelli noodles. Throw that onto of cheese and drizzle honey and pistachios on top - that's a kanafeh. Seeing as we devoured two combination plates and pita upon pita, we failed to finish the kanafeh (much to our waistline's dismay). But it was the perfect marriage of savory to sweet, crunchy to melty. 

To be honest, the food was only have of the experience. The service was above and beyond graciousness. Within two minutes of entering the restaurant, both of us were offered free dolmades - the grape leaves tender and fresh with the lightest rice filling I've ever had. The owners were always so sweet - always asking the two of us if we were doing alright, how the food was, constantly offering more pita. Suggesting this dish or that dish, their upselling would normally be off-putting, but when the food is as delicious as Amena's or the people as nice as they were, I don't mind one bit.

For months, I had bookmarked Amena. It was only until every other establishment as an option fell through that I was finally able to cross it off. Luckily enough, the gods were in our favor that day. The hospitality and the sheer deliciousness make the summer, when I come back to Vegas, seem so far away now.
I just don't know what all the fuss is about. I got a veggie plate for myself and a gyro for my hubby. The veggie combo advertised a few of the items (hummus, taboulli salad, falafel, and pita bread) that it included and "much more". Well, there wasn't anything more in my veggie combo that wasn't named on the menu. Didn't like the falafel much, kinda dry. The hummus was less than ordinary. The best part was the fresh pita bread and the rolled fillo pastry that I had. I would buy some of their fresh pit bread to take home. It's a decent place to stop for a snack, I guess. Still the fact remains, I ordered takeout; stuck my food in the fridge for later because I enjoy leftovers; and just ended up throwing it out because it wasn't enticing me to eat it at all. So I'm still searching for a good Mediterranean RESTAURANT & dining experience - not a deli.
The owner is very kind and welcoming! We enjoyed the lentil soup, chicken swarma plate, Turkish coffees and sweets. Food tasted homemade and delicious. Bought whole wheat and white pita bread to go. Super fluffy!!
This was such a great find! I will eat here again and again:)
Today was my first visit to this place.  Usually, I'm not too excited about Mediterranean food, but after having taking my first bite of my beef shawarma plate made my day!  

Came along as sides, the hummas, pickled beats, and pickled cabbage were all distinctly flavorful.  Their homemade pita bread was fluffy like a pillow, unlike any I've had.  Sliced pickles and green olives were shared at the table.  

Overall, I'd say they've got good service.  For the basically a $10 dish, I got more than I should have - gratefully so! 

Keep in mind that we came in the late afternoon.  I wonder would it be like during lunch time.
Great lunch spot, great service and hospitality. I don't like to rate restaurants based on 1 trip, 1 dish but from what I ordered, the veggie combo, I loved the hummus and pita bread but the greatest thing that I had was the falafel and baklava. Highly recommended.

My favorite bites from Amena Bakery & Deli are the falafel and the baklava.
Amena is our go to spot when we can't decide where to eat and we have never been disappointed. The pickled veggies you start off with are savory and yummy all on their own, and I love the olives. We always get falafel - the best I've had since Mamoun's back in NYC. The pita it comes in is fresh, fluffy, and they'll add a delicious dollop of hummus upon request. I also really like their gyro sandwich with lebneh. Both sandwiches come with your choice of tasty toppings like onions, tomatoes, two kinds of cabbage, pickles, hot sauce, cucumbers, etc. Their tahini and hot sauce can be added or served on the side in a bottle - I do both. Another favorite, even in the summer, is their lentil soup. It is velvety and flavorful, we always share a bowl and fight over it, haha. Sometimes we get a piece or two of their baklava - again, the best I've had in Vegas. I really like the baklava cigars, they're rolled up and yummy. Note: Last time we went we ordered two sandwiches and some soup. The owner came to over to apologize after we paid because he hadn't realized the soup was almost out and he didn't want to give us the bottom of the pot. I respect that as he could have just added water and served it as many restaurants would. He offered us our $ back for the soup or the chance to try a special dessert and OF COURSE we chose dessert. I don't recall the name but it was fabulous!!! Shredded filo dough wrapped around a goat cheese/brie hybrid and topped with ample pistachios, walnuts and honey. Looked like a pie and I have no idea how we ate it all but we did! I highly recommend anything from Amena.
Pretty good! I always drive by Amena when I go for my groceries. Looked them up on Yelp and had to try it after reading their positive reviews. We were looking for something healthy that night and it filled the spot. 

I loved their pickled sides and the salad was awesome. The chicken was seasoned well and their homemade pitas sold me; thick and fluffy. But what really sealed the deal was the baklava and mango drinks. The baklava was filled with a strong cinnamon flavor and light on the honey with crushed Pistachios on top; yummy! The Mango drink was light, iced and refreshing.

I wish the prices were a little lower, but it was a great visit with excelent customer service.

Thank you for the extra pitas!
The owner was really friendly and explained a lot of the menu since it was my first time. The chicken shawarma was delicious with quality chicken (no fatty chunks or hard pieces) and a very light curry flavor. The pitas are homemade and DEFINITELY worth the $2-3 for 6 extra pitas. They're pillowy and light and taste how pitas should, not like from the grocery store. They also have what I think is a homemade hot sauce and it's actually spicier than anything I've had at other restaurants. The tzaziki sauce is also really good. And they gave me and my sister these amazing dessert samples while we waited for our take-out order! One looked like cornbread, but tasted like honey with cornmeal in it (sounds weird, but it was really good), and the other looked like a miniature cinnamon roll but also had a very interesting, light texture. I definitely recommend this place.
After picking up the last items on our office supply/snack run, the girls and I were hungry and looking for a bite to eat.  We were looking for a salad or sandwich place but when the best recommendations we got were for Olive Garden or TGI Fridays, we decided to turn to Yelp.  Turns out, Amena was in the very same mini mall.  Awesome!

From the moment we walked in, we were in love.  So many delicious options!  We almost made the mistake of each ordering the veggie combo.  Luckily, the lady behind the counter stopped us.  The veggie combo is more than enough to share so we got the grape leaves and the mahi mahi as well.

I'm pretty sure the staff at Amena thinks we're big freaks.  I don't think we stopped talking about how great everything was the entire time we were in the place.  We loved that they brought out olives and pickled veggies to start, then the warm pita bread, then the veggie combo...you get the idea.  Everything was wonderful and so fresh.  You know when you can just taste the difference between something that was pre packaged and something hand made?  It's like that.  You can tell that everything is homemade with love.

After almost cleaning our plates, we were told that the mahi mahi would be out in a few minutes.  We were stuffed already but couldn't stop eating.  I'm so glad that we didn't stop there.  The fish was buttery, hot and perfectly cooked.  And it came with more hummus and pita bread.  We polished that off too.

Not only is the food wonderful, the people who work there are so gracious and genuine.  They took excellent care of us, which was unexpected for a deli.  The prices were also very reasonable.  The three of us could have easily split the veggie combo and the grape leaves and been perfectly happy.  I'm so glad we didn't miss out on that fish, though.

We walked out stuffed and raving about our new favorite lunch spot.  I'm just kicking myself that I didn't leave any room for dessert.  Oh well, I'll just have to come back!
Definitely a place to try out.  I especially recommend the mushroom hummus: mushrroms and onions sauteed in olive oil, served over a plate of hummus. A delicious and satisfying snack.  The falafel was very tasty, though I think it was frozen.  At any rate, I would order it again.  We had the combo plate which included falafel, beef shawarma and chicken shawarma.  I was not impressed by the meat dishes. I didn't find them to be very flavorful.

I would definitely recommend if you are looking for a vegan meal.  Maybe a spot of hummus to get you through the day.  

Be mindful that this is a very casual deli. Great for lunch. A good place to drop in if you are driving in the neighborhood.

Sadly, I did not try any of the baked goods.  After gorging myself on hummus, I didn't have any room left for dessert.
So good!  We got the combo with the Chicken and Beef Shawarma, falafel, and hummus, which came with freshly-made pita bread.  We also got the Amena Salad and Baklava.  Everything there was made fresh, the restaurant/store is family-owned, and everything was delicious.  We will go back for sure!
Visited Amena for the 2nd time today.   First time I tried a falafel plate with an order of lentil soup and was actually quite disappointed in most of the items I had with the exception of the falafel which I found to be a very tasty version.   The lentil soup tasted medicinal to me and in all brutal honesty was the worst version I've had and for $4.95 I quite simply have no desire to ever order it again, though I would definitely give it another go if it came as a side to something else I ordered, but I don't see that as an option on their menu.  This is a little frustrating for me because I love ordering lentil soup from EVERY Mediterranean restaurant I go to and don't really want to spend $20 each time to do it.  AND IT'S ALL ABOUT ME.  

This time I decided to flip the script and go with the combo plate which came with several of the aforementioned delicious falafel, a healthy serving of hummus, some Beef and Chicken Shawarma, a side salad, and one piece of pita for $13.99.   Frustration point #2.  REALLY?  One piece of Pita?  With the huge amount of hummus they provided with the combo plate I really expected several.   For a comparison of my favorite Mediterranean choice, Hedary's provides 3-4 pieces of Pita for each and every lunch special ordered (and a choice of soup or salad to boot!)    Mmmmm, hedary's lentil soup.....  Okay sorry, back on track.   For what it's worth, that one piece of Pita was fantastic.  Fluffy, delicious, and perfect when dipped into the hummus (which I found to be a good version) or when used as a pocket for stuffing falafel and/or beef/chicken in it.  I REALLY could have used a few more, particularly for $13.99.   The beef and chicken shawarma had a really nice flavor from whatever marinade they are soaked in, though the meat did seem a little dry/overcooked.  The side salad was neglected by me like a red-headed stepchild which is the norm and nothing against Amena.  

Lastly I also ordered some of the homemade lemonade which I just saw Nelson mention is blended with mint.   I actually would have liked something to mention this fact on either the menu board or when I ordered it because I think I would have much preferred it plain.   It was decent even with it, but I'm not a big mint in drink guy.  

On pure taste of the food I had today, I'd give it 4 stars as the Pita, Falafel, Hummus and Shawarma all hit the spot.  Docking it down to a 3 based on the previous Lentil soup experience and for not being an overall good value in my opinion with the skimping of pita and pricey lentil soup.   If only I were rich Amena, if only I were rich....
Great price, tasty food! Gyro & chicken. I literally came here 3 days straight to eat around the area. Big bang for your buck. 

Located in Trader Joe's plaza. Grab some grub when you buy grocery.
Amazing homemade, fresh lemonade.  Awesome falafel.
Delicious!
I am so upset right now that I can barely write this. 

Being a loyal customer since day one and recommending Amena to both family and friends I thought my business meant something to the owner. I, at the very least, thought that my loyalty would buy me honesty. I was wrong. 

A couple of hours ago I went into Amena to get some tabbouleh. Rosie prepared it. When I got home and tasted it, it was FANTASTIC!!! It was so good that I decided to go back and get another batch. 

The owner was there and when I told him how good that Rosie made it, he told me that everyone makes it exactly the same. I replied that it was not exactly true. I've had it many times when it had way to much lemon, to little of this or to much of that. However, Rosie's was perfect and I asked him to please let her make it for me. He agreed. I went around the corner to see it being made and to my disappointment and surprise, he was making it. I told him that I wanted to try it before I paid $12.00 for a large. Sure enough it was loaded with lemon and I told him so. He said he'd retry. Second attempt; just as bad. 

He justified his lie by saying that Rosie was preparing another customer's dinner. I informed him that since I made a special trip to get more of Rosie's tabbouleh I would have been more than happy to wait for her to finish with her customers. 

Let's break this down. Over arrogance and dishonesty the owner lost a loyal customer that has been patronizing and recommending Amena to many, many people since literally day one. That's the definition of stupidity. I'm also posting this on Yelp and any other review sites that I can. 

I'll now give all of my business to Afandi on West Charleston. It's closer to my house anyway.
Wow, Very good, well priced.  You can't go wrong, there's delicious middle eastern food and desert.  I love the pastries.  Try a Turkish coffee.
I have eaten this type of cuisine all over the world. From the Middle East to the Gulf States to India and even in my home town of NYC.  This is as good as it gets.  

First of all, the home baked pita is very authentic, not your run of the mill dried out sandwich pocket. It is light, airy and moist.  Worth checking this place out just for the pita. It will re-define what you thought Pita Bread is.

When it comes to Middle Eastern food, I have 3 items the tell me if we are in for an authentic experience or not. Baba Ghanoush... it should have the taste of the fire roasted skin of the eggplant.  Bingo!  Houmous, a delicate back drop of tahina and lemon on the tongue. Bingo!  And finally, the Harissa, it should be fiery but you can taste the flavor of the pimento as well.  Bingo!!!  

The owner's neice, Shada was a very comely and sweet young lady that took care of us.  The owner's family are Palestinians that grew up in the Israeli town of Nazareth. So there is a mixing of the two cultures in a world peace sort of way.  We had found this balance when we traveled to Israel and spoke with Palestinians who lived inside Israel.  Not to get off on a rant, but it shows that there could be peace if folks would just sit down and start eating together. 

If someone's ear isn't accustomed to differences between Arabic and Hebrew they could easily mistake this place for an Israeli owned cafe.  They both kosher and Halall meats.  

This place is about 2 to 3 miles west of the strip.  But worth the drive to get away from the maddening noise of the casinos and sit down to a home cooked ethnic meal.  And as long as you made the drive out to the westside of town, they share a parking lot with Trader Joes.  And who doesn't need snacks in their hotel room.

Before I forget, their pastries were delicious, my favorite was the baklava.
Amena Bakery confused me a little. I sampled quite a selection of their menu and I was left with some "mmm" (good) sounds and "hmmm..." (bad) sounds coming out of me with different items. I do know this, though - everything there is hand-made on-site. Their recipes, their way.

I'll just open with a positive note - the falafel is great. Probably one of my favorites in the city. It isn't too dry, is green (yes, this is a positive to me), and tasty. It isn't overly fried either. This was nice.

Everything else was generally on the "this is ok" scale. The salad was a decent salad. The tabbouleh was a bit too lemony and dry. The hummus was hummus. The tahini sauce on the table was essentially straight tahini. The shawarma was not the flavor I was expecting - but let me elaborate on that. Both the chicken and beef shawarma were heavily over-spiced. Like... coated, thick. If you love the flavor, great. However, it is my opinion that good meat doesn't require a jacket made of spices.

Now, the really bad. The dolmas (stuffed grape leaves) were an abomination to all things wrapped in leaves. Seriously, avoid them at all costs. Imagine a thin row of rice wrapped tightly, many times, with a grape leaf and cooked to perfect dryness. They look like they were run through a vacuum sealer. I can't imagine why this would be. They were like dark green worms on a plate. The place itself was sub-par. It's just a place they moved into and left alone. Time travel back to the 80's.

If you're craving food from the mid-east, I can't say I recommend this place for anything but some decent falafel sandwiches.
Awesome place to eat the food is amazing and I too k a picture of it is absolutely fantastic best hummus, gyro, authentic bakery with their own fluffy pitas and sweets to die for.  

Price is very cheap for the quality.  I found it from my casino host whom said they order from them to cater for their high end guests.

I am a picky eater and normally don't yelp, but this place is worth it.
Great middle eastern deli with several vegetarian choices.  Very inexpensive and extremely friends staff.  Baklava is a must.
Every time I come to Vegas, I MUST eat here. This is probably the best food I've ever eaten and the hot sauce is AMAZING. Better than sriracha and not too spicy.  You will leave satisfied.

Try the combo plates and make sure you get the baklava. The staff are the friendliest I've ever met and always excited to help make your first visit one to remember.
WOW! I just happened to be hungry and wandered into this amazing little place! 

I bought the fresh baked pita bread - yummy, the hummus - very good, and the most delicious baklava I have ever tasted in my entire life! 

Go. Get. It.
Some of the best tabouli in town. Made fresh onsite by the owner!
Lots of lemon is the secret, I think...

They also have fresh baba ganoush and hummus and a place to sit and devour it all. the baklava ain't too shabby either. The place is not glamorous or fancy in the least bit. It's in a strip mall next to Trader Joes, but they get 5 stars just for the tabouli. Plus, the owner is a very nice man who always has a smile and pleasantries for you.
I found this place because of Yelp, and I'm so happy to be yelping about it.

I was at the hospital and literally yelped "healthy food" and searched the surrounding area and settled on this place due to high reviews.  It was easy enough to find; it's in the same plaza as Trader Joes.

There was only one person working in the front, but I did show up 30 minutes before closing time.  I ordered the lamb gyro.  She was nice enough to ask if it was okay to include all the ingredients, because that reminded me to ask for no onions.  I also ordered a chicken gyro, but unfortunately they were all out of chicken.  I asked for a recommendation, and she started explaining the falafel sandwich.  I was sold.

I took both to go.  It took about 5 mins for my food, just enough time to run to Trader Joe's and buy a bottle of wine.  Both items came out to ~$16.

I had the falafel sandwich.  It was really delicious, clean, and surprising light.  I wasn't ridiculously full afterwards.  I did feel like ALL the ingredients were really strong though.  The falafel were falafelly spiced by themselves, the hummus was very strong, and even the dressed greens were super strong in flavor alone.  All together, everything created a party in my mouth, and my mouth was happy.  I would highly recommend a strong mint afterwards though if you're eating in the restaurant (especially if you come here on date night).

I can't wait to go back and try more items off their menu.  Despite their strong flavors, the food was really delicious, light, flavorful, and really reasonably priced.
I'm always on the hunt for good shawarma and falafels!  I was at csn searching for some nearby places to grab a bite.  The yelp app had turned up Amena bakery and deli.  I thought I'd give it a try.  The bakery is located in the same parking lot as trader joes. 

Upon walking inside I was greeted by the nice cashier.  I placed my order of one chicken shawarma sandwich and my brother had the falafel plate.  The chicken shawarma comes with your choice of veggies and hummus inside. The server, Miriam brought it out to us.  She was very pleasant and was very good at checking up on us.

At the end of our meal we had baklava.  That really sealed the deal on this place!  The baklava was perfect. It was so tasty and didn't just taste like a bunch of sugar. 

I'm so glad my first experience went well.  From the food to the service, this place is definitely a place you should try,
Food was good.  Falafel was yummy :)  Super pleasant service-- they wanted to be sure we were happy with our food.  The fresh lemonade has LOTS of fresh mint in it... way too much for me. Baklava was good though :)
I think I died and went to heaven, and heaven has a name: It's Amena. 

I haven't had anything Mediterranean since I left Detroit about 2 years ago, mostly because there truly wasn't anywhere to get it in the places I've lived since then. I walked into Amena with high hopes because of good Yelp reviews and I was NOT disappointed. 

I had a chicken shawarma plate, falafel, lentil soup, and a couple of pastries (baklava and another that I really have no idea what it was, but it was delicious). Everything about it was perfect and just as I had remembered it should taste, and the falafel and baklava might have been the best I've ever tasted. The lentil soup was also exceptional! The staff are very welcoming and made my experience just that much sweeter; I could not have asked for a better local deli/restaurant! 

Run, don't walk, to Amena. You won't regret it.
Can I say that I love this place?   The owners are so nice.  You can tell that they love their business and their customers.  With that said, on to the food!

They use halal meat, which is important to some. (As I've Yelped halal in Vegas and haven't got any hits, I figured it should be noted.) On my next trip, I will check out the sandwiches, but this time around I had the combo plate and kibbeh balls.  Both were outstanding.  What I really loved was the hot sauce.  So tasty!  It reminds me of the flavor from Mamoun's in NYC but not quite as spicy.  It was love at first taste.  

The Turkish coffee was good but not the same as I've had in Jersey.  It didn't really have the grounds in the bottom, and I was given sugar on the side instead of it being sweetened during preparation.  I kind of found that to be strange, but I'm no expert on Turkish coffee.  The baklava and fig cookies were outstanding.

This is by far the best restaurant of this genre I've been to in Vegas.  In fact, I think I just talked myself into going back today.
Pretty good Pretty good.
Delicious and fresh. I have trouble deciding what to get because it all tastes good. They make their pita bread! Love this place.
Tried bfeef shawarma for the first.. yummy
This was my first time having a car in Vegas so we were able to enjoy where the locals eat, instead of mediocre tourist food that is provided on the strip at 5 star prices.  This place was amazing and a great bargain.   We were able to share the combo platter (beef and chicken schwarma, falafel, hummus, tabbouli, salad, baba ghanoush(sp?) and fresh baked pita bread) and and a bowl of their vegatable soup. This was plenty of food for two people. We also ordered their mint lemonade and asked for it to be less sweetened. Perfect combination to go with the savory flavors of the meal.  This will be a definite come back to restaurant for me whenever I am in Vegas.
If you are one of the poor souls who has suffered from the likes of Chobani or Fage Greek yogurts, now is the time to treat yourself to the real deal: Labneh. It is rich and creamy, so you will eat less and feel more satisfied. Amena's Labneh is less bitter than Greek yogurt available in grocery stores. So I pick up a tub of it along with fresh hummus or tabouli or baba ghanoush as part of my regular shopping routine after leaving Trader Joe's. 

Amena also serves a delicious and abundant Falafel plate that would feed me for two to three days--the plate is a healthy, fulfilling lunch or dinner. 

The date pasties are handmade by mom. And so even though I don't like dates (or pastries, really), I had to try them and thought, "Oh, these were the inspiration for the Fig Newton." They're worth trying.

The pita bread is exceptional. Overall, high quality foods, reasonable prices, nice people, great service. Amena caters, too.
Best baklava recipe i have ever had! and the fresh pita bread is so soft.
A hole in the wall that you would completely miss if you weren't in the plaza. Actually, you still might miss it if you were in the plaza. The sign isn't very noticeable, but it caught my eye because it listed some foods that they had. I am really glad that my boyfriend and I decided to check it out because we were not disappointed.

I have tried Baklava before, but I didn't care for it that much before. This place makes it just right. Not too sweet, which is how I like most of my pastries. 

My boyfriend was raving about the Shawarma, so we ordered the lamb Shawarma. It was wrapped in pita with veggies and yummy sauces. If you like spicy, definitely get the spicy sauce in your Shawarma! It is just the right amount of spice and tasty. 

I want to come back and try their Turkish coffee with Baklava of course!

The service was exceptional. Mariam (sorry if I spelled your name wrong!) was helpful with her suggestions and made very good conversation.
It's a place you wouldn't find unless you are looking for it. Amena is one of the best Mediterranean food I've had in vegas. If you're looking for a good falafel, shawarma, gyro, hummus, or just pita bread. Amena is the place to go.
Somehow when I found this restaurant on Yelp the 1st time, the reviews were like a year old.  I am glad to see these recent ones.  I am new to a few of these foods, but One bite and I'm Hooked!  This place is small, SO clean, and the waitress/owners very helpful and friendly. I bought the baklava and date cookies to go on  my first visit.  I don't like real sweet desserts and these were 'just right'. The date cookie my fav.  Back for dinner last night with my guy (Iraqi).  We shared the combo plate with chicken, beef, hummus, falafel, salad and pita (fresh, warm) bread. Also had a side of kibbeh balls and dolmades.  Everything I tasted was fantastic. Kibbeh is a new treat that I will place on a favorite list. For dessert we had the Kanaffe with walnuts, YUMMY. Every item was fresh, and delicious, and my guy said it was a 'great find' we can make a 'regular' spot for his favorites.  Yes it is next to Trader Joe's that I've gone to over the last 8 years or so and I never noticed this little gem.  What a pleasant discovery. **Oh, no pics ...sorry, the food was so wonderful we had it half eaten before I realized I should have taken pictures.  :0P  nom nom
Five stars, especially because I actually like the hummus (which I normally can't stand)! User photos steered me away from just getting a falafel and I couldn't have been happier with my #6 combo platter. I wasn't sure whether it came with pita, so I bought a bag of the super-soft ones sitting on a table next to a glass case of yummy-looking pastries. Smart move, as my meal came with only one. So for around $17, I walked out with enough food for three meals.  Not too shabby in my book. 

The falafels were damn near perfect - well-seasoned, crispy exterior. Three of the four included with my combo went on a pita with the pickles, salad and yogurt sauce. Heavenly.

The beef and chicken shwarma were nicely flavored, just maybe a tad dry. Nothing I couldn't fix with some sauce, and I did appreciate the good quality (and plentiful) portions. 

I will definitely return, again and again. Would love to get my hands on some of those desserts next time!
Had the combo plate... Huge amount of food and everything on it was incredible! Homemade pita bread is outta sight! Will be making this place my go to for Mediterranean!
By far my favorite place for Israeli/ mediterranean food!
The chicken shawarma and the falafel are amazing!! 
I always end up buying goodies to take home, like their homemade humus, babaganoush and their homemade baked on the spot pita bread is to die for!!
The owner is always there and is super nice.
If I lived closer I would eat there much more often.
Love, love this place! highly recommended.
food was fresh and authentic but way overpriced. owner was nice and so was girl behind counter will I be back maybe but only ordering food once you add in $2 drinks and $3 desserts the bill begins to rack up
Went to TJ's hungry and instead of picking up some of their prepared food to eat (E Coli outbreak) I decided to check this spot out. At first, the word 'Deli' had me excited for a sammie, but as I got closer I saw other signs for 'Shawarma' & 'Falafel'. Holy excitement. The place itself isn't much with just a few tables strewn about. One side has freshly made pitas lined up on a table and a case serving baked goods. The other side was the 'deli' section serving all sorts of Mediterranean delights. Beef, chicken, lamb shawarma, falafel, lentil soup, homemade hummus, etc..  

I scooped up a chicken shawarma plate ($11.99) which came with sides of hummus, a small salad and two pitas. There was certainly a good amount of food for the price and I walked away full. The salad was OK, typical Israeli style with lots of cukes. The chicken was moist, sliced nicely and had that wonderful  shawarma spice to it. The only knock is that it was wayyyyy over salted. Highlight of the dish was the hummus. . Shawarma, earmuffs!.... I knocked back two fantastic pitas in that hummus. So good.  Def stop by if you dig the Mediterranean meats vibe.
I returned today and can't believe it took me three months to do so! Still blown away by the food (that I will be eating for the next day or two since there's so much:) and the fast, friendly service. Loving the #6 combo and some extra pita bread for good measure but I HAVE to try some of the other dishes I spied while I was over there today.
This place is amazing!!!  We tried a little bit of everything and I was not disappointed with anything that we ordered.  The lemonade is sooo good its ridiculous.  And the owner Amer is so nice and friendly.  He checked on us a couple times to make sure that everything was great.  Definetly going to be going back often!!
It was ok. Expected the gyro to have more flavor and be WARMER. Really average food, and kind of spendy for the average quality.
Stopped by with a craving for shawarma and was served amazing beef shawarma, great falafels, and the best baklava I've ever had by the extremely friendly owner. I'll definitely be coming back for more! I regret not buying some of the baklava to go, but that gives me something to look forward to next time.
Great place... The food was super great... We easily dropped 50.00 in this place... We didn't regret it!!! The girl at in the front was very accommodating and made us feel like regulars! We're only in town for one more week but we will be back before we leave!
This was a venture that wasn't as good as I'd hoped. Especially after reading all the love that has been posted by fellow Yelpers.

While I admit the food was good, I really can't justify the prices when compared to other mom & pop places that serve similar food.

The most memorable and interesting item I had was the Lemonade that was a bizarre concoction that would be best described as a Mediterranean Orange Julius. It was foamy and limey and had a taste of Cilantro. Liked it, but was wierded out at the same time.

The Lamb Gyros were decent. The sauce really, really thick & tangy. What little there was. A little skimping on the veggies, but the meat was tender enough. And what is it with Middle Eastern & Mexican places where they want to serve a paltry smatter of lettuce leaves and tomatoes and call it a salad?!

I was given a piece of  baklava as a sample when the girl at the counter asked if I knew what it was. I replied that I had only heard about Baklava thirty tears ago, so maybe. She took my deadpan as gospel as thought she would let me try it. It was very nutty and lacking in honey or density. Three bites and your done. But the most nutty one I've had.

Ask for napkins before you sit down or you will have them forgotten for a few trips back and forth. The seating is nothing to write home about, so no points for dcor. I will admit they were attentive to get your order, but less so once they did.

Big props for being located next to Amber Unicorn and in the Trader Joe shopping center. Though I feel that the prices and ambiance don't justify but the occasional trip. So go if you're getting your book hunting on, but don't go to far out of your way.
Love this place. Really clean and service was great, and the people who work here are incredibly nice. The man who works here even offered a free desert since it was my first time there but I was so full after, I didn't take him up on it. Their prices are totally reasonable and the food was yummy. I had a falafal plate and the portions were huge. I would definitely be back next time I'm in the mood for falafal.
Loved this place. A little pricey but well worth it. The owner is really nice and did his best to make sure that we had everything we needed. They ended up misunderstanding our order as we had a party of five and they thought we ordered  five combo plates when we really ordered four. But we told them we would go ahead and take the extra one which they gave us at a discount so that was nice. The hummus was probably the creamiest I ever had, maybe due to extra tahini, which means extra calories but well worth it. And the pitas were home made and like little pita pillows, so soft and tasty. I bought extra to take home. Also, the gave us as many pitas as we wanted without charge while we were eating! The portion size of the combo plate is pretty big and two people could share it. Also, one person in our party ordered mint lemonade, minus the mint, they brought it out with mint in it and she asked them for just the lemonade, they brought her a new one without mint with no complaints or questions asked. Also, they give you little olives and other pickled goods while you wait.
Super fresh food and welcoming helpful service. I got the veggie plate, an extra bag of their fresh made pitas, baklava that was delicious and fresh from the oven, and their wonderful mint lemonade, and fresh guava juice, both not overly sweet which I appreciated greatly.  They answered all my questions gave me samples of things to make sure I liked them, and helped me get all my stuff to the car. Loved it, and so did everyone I shared it with!
We love it here!
Very cute spot. The woman behind the counter was very friendly and helped me with my difficult order. She was patient and checked on us several time to be sure we had everything we needed. Customer service was excellent without seeming like they were imposing. Loved the hummus and I can't wait to come back and try more of the menu!
Upgrade to a four after a revisit. The good qualities were amplified and the bad minimized.

Sometimes a place doesn't really grab you the first time. Some get worse, some get better. I must say I'm happier this time around. The crew today at lunch was much better and more attentive than the last visit. The service was more helpful ( and just before a lunch onslaught ) and the food was still quite good. 

Still think they could add some chairs and tables though. When it gets crowded, it gets a little uncomfortable space-wise and a bit chaotic.

I did notice people coming in for just pita. Having it fresh, it was easy to figure why. Fluffy and flavorful. I might do the same some time soon.

So count me in when I hit this area of town. It works well since I frequent the bookstore two stores down. I think I'm gonna like this place.
Very good service but the food is better!  All made from scratch.  Will be back very soon.  Portions are large.
GREAT customer service.  Maria at the counter really sets the bar. Very friendly and accommodating. 

Mint lemonade- So refreshing, a must (5 stars)

lentil soup- Delish, perfectly seasoned (5 stars)

Falafel- BEST IN TOWN ( 5 stars ) 

kunaffe with cheese- a little too sweet for me at first, but the butter and cheese cut through it the more you chew. (4 stars)  

Kibbeh- My husband says Some of the best he's had (5 stars)

I wasn't too impressed with the combo platter/hummos but with everything else being so delicious, we'll definitely be back!
We came here based on yelp reviews, since we were visiting from out of town. The staff was patient with us, helpful and kind. The place is very clean, small and intimate and bright. The food is amazing!! Everything is fresh and tastes homemade. We're a mixture of vegans, vegetarians, and meat eaters and everyone is well fed and happy. Every time we come back to Vegas to visit we will be stopping by :)
The food here, for me, is "5 Stars". The service was a bit disorganized...only 3 tables of people eating when we were there, but the person serving the food got every order wrong. If you are patient though, you will get some great mideastern yumminess. The schwerma plates had enough for two meals. The standouts for us were the hummus...the creamiest I've ever had! The fresh lemonade with mint. (Drank 4 glasses!) Amena makes pita bread to die for. We also took home very large flatbreads that were like lavosh only moister. On another trip there I got some of their pastries and liked those too, though they weren't the best I've ever had (not enough filling). When I'm craving schwerma, hummus, or fresh pita in Las Vegas though, this is the place to go. (And it's not a very long taxi ride from the Strip, for you visitors.)
Best middle eastern restaurant in Vegas [period]

Friendly and attentive staff, delicious food made fresh from scratch. Feel this is highly underrated /not as popular as it deserves to be due to the location.
A great place to grab a bite. The Gyros I had was great. Right next to Trader Joe's so you can get your shopping in as well. Very friendly & helpful staff. You will enjoy the Mediterranean sweets as well.
Love everything about this place . We're going tomorrow to pick up their fresh in house pitas!! Once you try their pitas you will never want to have them any place else. The owner is so nice and remembers us every time we come back. Makes us feel so welcome. Awesome place
Well the other reviews were right! The Hummus is outstanding!!I I had the sampler plate with chicken and beef schawarma, falafel, pita, hummus and salad and it was a lot of food. I took 1/2 home for later!! Very authentic and delicious.
Came by for the chicken shwarma plate, as recommended by our famous and fearless CM, Drew. I ordered takeout after visiting the bookstore next door, and it was a relatively short wait for my order: about 10 minutes.

Pricing was a little on the high side: got the chicken shwarma plate with two pitas and sides of cucumber salad and hummus ($12) plus a beef kibbeh ($2), bringing my with-tip total to around $15 for one for take out. A bit steep, but food was quality.

Came home to enjoy, and it was still piping hot, which was a good sign.
Chicken was well seasoned and moist, pita was soft and warm and didn't harden as at other places. Hummus had a good consistency and texture and was not chalky but was somewhat bland. Cucumber salad was standard. Would consider getting it again.
The kibbeh was a small fried ball of beef and onion for $2- probably a decent price for it but not worth getting, IMO. Didn't have much flavor and just didn't stand out at all.

Service while in store was good- they friendly and polite. They have a deli counter with various salads, a pastry case with desserts, and a few random grocery items scattered about without prices. To the bottom right of the menu, there's a specials board: the open face eggplant sandwich is new and sounds like it might be tasty. Will be keeping this place in mind next time I need lunch after the bookstore, or want a quick-fix to my shwarma cravings.
I pass by this place daily and decided to finally give it a try. I picked up the beef shwarwama and I don't think it was worth the nearly $10 it costs. The meat was mediocre and rather bland. Everything is pretty pricey, but I think for "Mom and Pop" places, that's expected.
Awesome food, great price.
Try the dessert
Hands down best pita bread I've ever had , you can just eat it by itself so delicious ! Katiaf are very good , service  is friendly ... Many vegan / vegetarian options :)
I don't really know what I was eating, but it was definitely delicious. Walked over here after grocery shopping at trader joes and was pleasantly surprised. Delicious authentic middle eastern food. The owner was super friendly and made the experience great. I would eat here again.
Our first dining experience in Vegas. Exactly what we needed - delicious and authentic food, super friendly service, welcoming environment. The grape leaves were mouth watering, the pita was fresh made, the baklava was delicious. Definitely get food from here at least once.
Everything was prepared fresh and the  shawarma and gyros were tender and flavorful. The grape leaves are the best I've ever had. However, the grilled chicken was rather dry but beautifully presented. The yoghurt is the best in town!! Make sure you order the fresh lemonade with mint, perfect for summer. Overall, homemade Mediterranean, so healthy!!
Great food and service. My family love eating here. It's heaven if you are from the Middle East. The owner and staff treat everyone great. We are Israelis and they are Arabic I believe and if everyone acted in the middle east the was they do at this place we would have peace in the middle east. Wish they had a six star option :)
I have been looking for another authentic Mediterranean restaurant in Las Vegas and finally... I found this place! I have been craving some authentic food since I had some of the best ones in DC!

Food:
Veggie Platter- it came with falafels, hummus, baba ganoush and veggie salad stuff (forgot what they call it).. amazing! their hummus is so good with chick peas on the side. It came with fresh, warm pita and you can eat it however you want. I put the falafel and the toppings inside the pita to eat and it's sooo fresh, healthy and delicious! 

Grape leaves- The grape leaves and rice came out warm and fresh! it was good.. tasted like every grape leaves rice dish.

Grilled chicken hummus platter- the grilled chicken was so juicy!!! I love how they grilled it and the flavors they put with it. It came with rice and hummus on the side.

Carrot juice- so refreshing!!!

The platter sizes are pretty reasonable. It's more than enough to get you full for the rest of the day! However, it is a bit pricey. Everything is between $10-25 per item. I have been to cheaper places, but I guess you can say you are paying for the quality. Will I be back? Of course but only when I want to splurge!
Zero atmosphere,  yet friendly,  clean and a dozen or more vegetarian/vegan options. My falafel is absolutely delicious and the pita is freshly baked. ...I am taking a few home to make lunch sandwiches this week.
This is most definitely an authentic mediterranean place . amazing home cooking food taste , great variety of food . friendly and polite staff . very clean place . quality quality quality . happy i found this place . i wish they had another location in Henderson to save me the 20 min drive . Highly recommended .
An island of fresh and real food from the middle east.We found it by coincidence and were very positively surprised as the place does not look very inviting from outside. The lentil soup was like the one my grandma used to do, the pita freshly baked , amazing humus and the pitas with tasty fresh ingredients. The deserts  are very authentic and the "knafe" tasted better than in Nazareth. We were with our kids and the staff is very helpful and friendly.The only downside is that the exterior atmosphere is very simple.
I think we made our first visit to this restaurant on March 21st 2008 at about 6 p.m... I can not really comment on the interior of this place as we sat outside. It was a wonderful temp with the orange blossoms giving off a fantastic fragrance. 

We ordered;

I had the stewed lamb shank in tomato saffron sauce served with basmati rice. All the flavours were there. I enjoyed it as is but suggest it be served a bit warmer.
My sister had the Combination of filet mignon and Koobideh kebob served with basmati rice. She also enjoyed her food but too found the temp off.
My mate had a mixture of ground beef, minced onions and seasoning, skewered and grilled to perfection
on a bed of basmati rice he too enjoyed his food but again the temp was not as it should be. So since the temp was not spot on I can only think the food sat for a bit before being served. We all shared a colorful plate of fresh cut mint, basil, Radish with Feta cheese along with some hummus and pita..       

All of the food had good flavour and was enjoyed just not as hot as it should have been. 

The wait person was a nice young man. He obviously has never been trained as a waiter, I am sure he will do much better if given some instruction assuming there is someone there that can do such.

The cook/chef should not stand on the sidewalk next to the restaurant smoking and spitting in view of the clients. Not appetizing at all.
Nice variety on menu for lunch and dinner.  The chicken salad/wrap is delicious along with burgers, soups, hummus and other choices.  Seems to be a favorite for morning breakfasts and coffee, especially out on the patio.  I saw a sign for a night with a belly dancer there too.   Very nice owner and good local place.  I think I saw it can be delivered by the youbuywefly.com delivery service group too.
Service took forever! It was a quiet Sunday afternoon with people at only 3 other tables. Why did it take 25 minutes to get 2 sandwiches out? My husband had ordered a refill on his soda before we started to eat and it didn't come out until after he was done eating. The sodas were flat when we got themm AND they charged the full amount for a refill on the soda. The food was OK but not really worth the wait. It seemed like a ripoff too. close to $30 bucks for 2 kebab sandwiches, no sides were included, and 3 (should have only been charged for 2) sodas. I would not come here again...
How did it take me so long to learn about this place?!!  If you are looking for a really comfortable, casual place to grab GOOD food, check this place out.  The food is outstanding!  The lamb is juicy, succulent, hot....perfect seasonings.  I cannot wait to go back in the cooler months and sit outside.  Seems family friendly, although our booth was situation up against a wall of bottles of alcohol so if you have the kiddos, avoid that table!  It seems as though they also offer coffee drinks in the mornings, as they have a coffee bar towards the back of the restaurant.  I will have to check their coffees out next time.  The server was VERY friendsly, perhaps a bit too much for my table of four and our ongoing conversation but it was fine.  She was excellent in informing us about the belly dancing shows and to please come back for dinner sometime. My answer: Yes I will!!
I love this restaurant! My favorite dishes are the Koobideh kebobs or shrimp kebobs with saffron rice. They also have live entertainment such as belly dancing and bands. They even have a hookah bar! I personally love the ambiance and decor in the restaurant.
Nice atmosphere and delicious food - but a bit pricey for what you get. We ordered the mix appetizer plate ($12) and the lamb kabob plate ($12-$15 can't quite remember). The mix plate came with hummus, grape leaves, tzatiki and an eggplant dip (not baba ghounosh though - slightly different dish). Everything was great - really good flavor, but once again would expect more food for the price - especially compared to other middle eastern places around the valley. 
Same thing was true with the lamb dish - lamb had great flavor and was really tender, but only got a single kabob and rice. There was no salad/soup/side with the dish. Generally at other mid eastern restaurants, I'll have enough left to take a to go box for the next day but not here. 
We'll probably go again to try some of the other dishes - they had lamb shank but were out last night. Hoping some of the other dishes come with a bit more.
I bought a gift certificate for AJ's on restaurant.com so I came here one night to try it out with a friend. Walking in, the atmosphere is pretty decent. It's clean and is decorated more like a cafe.

We started with the hummus, which was mediocre. Then we ordered the big mixed grill plate which included grilled chicken, kabob, and filet mignon. I was somewhat disappointed that it was the only option on the menu that had a mixture of grills, but it didn't include lamb. The filet was tough and not very tasty. The kabob was pretty decent, and the best meat was the chicken which is usually my least favorite. Overall, I thought the food was okay at best. The price seems over-priced for the quality and quantity of what you're getting.

Service was friendly, which was a big redeeming factor, as well as the fact that they have hookahs even though we didn't try it.

It wasn't a bad experience but I wouldn't go back there. I'll have to try other places in the Valley and see how they compare. I would of course take my review with a grain of salt because the last time I had this genre of food was in the Middle East, which was simply amazing and I don't know how I'm going to find anything as good in the states.
Overpriced, underserved and ignorant.

AJ's charges the same prices as The Persian Room, but serves a laughable portion of sub-par food. 

The koobideh was too stiff and too salty. The barg (filet mignon) was tolerable. The joojeh kabob (chicken breast) wasn't even seasoned with saffron or citrus. These guys are doing it wrong.

To top it all off, the server suggested I get an extra side of rice because "it's the best part, and our rice servings are kinda small." Dude, rice is cheap. If it's so good and you know it's a small serving, MAKE IT BIGGER. I'm paying $16 for lunch, you can afford another cup of rice.

Anyway, our server admitted never having tried Persian food outside of AJ's, which should have been a huge red flag. He also had a rather dopey, unaffected personality that really didn't add to the experience.

Neither did the light rock radio station playing in the background. Could you buy some Googoosh CDs, please?

With places like The Persian Room and Tasty Kabob, there's no reason to visit AJ's.
I came here during the Litchfield Park arts & culinary festival. I was seated by a young girl who apparently didnt tell anyone so I was then accused of sneaking in & seating myself! The waitstaff was then rude & innattentive to me. One of them was apologetic but I dont think i'll be back.
Delicious!  The first time I had it, I didn't love it...the second time I tried their food turned me around.  Really...really good and the owner has such a great demeanor about him.  Two dollar Tuesday...great deal! 
 Cheery, friendly and they give military discounts.  

You have to love any company that supports the military!!!!
We made the drive to Harem and were really impressed upon walking in.  There are cool lights hanging from the ceiling, Middle Eastern music playing, and plush, comfortable couches, inside and on the patio.  It had all the makings for a relaxing night of smoking hookah.

It didn't take very long for us to decide we were never coming back.  In fact, I'd say it took about an hour.  

That's because we received our hookah *one hour* after sitting down at our table.  It was a Saturday night, and only one employee was working when we got there.  It didn't seem like a big deal, as there were only 1-2 other tables occupied.

Fast-forward 10 minutes, and the place gets slammed.  Within 30 minutes, nearly every table around us was full.  

We watched, first concerned, then amused, then downright upset as everyone around us received hookahs (several tables who had arrived half an hour after we did got served before us).

When our hookah finally arrived, the man muttered something along the lines of "sorry, there was a problem."

If you want people to come back to your establishment, you 1) need to provide good service.  If you don't provide good service, you should 2) make an effort to win back the customer.

Neither one of these things happened at Harem.  I'll add it to the list of hookah lounges we won't be visiting again.

One more thing:  a bottle of water and a hookah came to $23.  For that price, I'd expect a lot better.
Major points for having one of the most wicked cool ambiences of any hang out sort of place I've ever been in. Very cool.
Major deductions for crappy service, drink purchasing requirements (and frequently being out of the drink you order), and rules limiting when you can sit in the balcony area.
The sheesha itself has been of varying quality.
If you want hookah, you're better off going to Tempe instead.
Sexy, sexy, bo-bexy.  

This place is gorgeous inside.  Drenched in red light spilling from ornate lamps dangling on chains from the lofted celing and dark enough to make me pretty.  *blink, blink*  The loft sounds just wonderful, but i dont actually know what it's like because they've NEVER LET ME SIT UP THERE even though i've never seen anyone else up there either.

As for service... I've gotta agree that it's not particularly friendly - though I wondered if it was part of the authentic experience to simply treat me like the lesser half of my male companion.  I'm half middle eastern.  If you can't tell by my nose (and to be fair - many can't), you can definitely tell by the last name on my credit card.  so when I politely ask about your americanized name, confirm its middle eastern origins, and hazard a guess as to the meaning (which i looked up later on and i was right, dammit)... there's really no reason to scowl at me and treat me like i've spoken to you without permission.  

The drinks are so/so but I always like the hookahs there a lot.  Good flavor may be worth the price... particularly the last time, when I got a surprising buzz after about 15 minutes.
Reading the other reviews they have it right! The decor is really cool! I love all of the lanterns and red lights, really nice and very gothic! I think of all the hookah places I have been, this one takes the cake with the decor.
The service on the other hand could use a lot of work. Not once did the guy, only guy, come by to change the coals or ask if we needed anything. Once we got our hookah (black grape, very nice) and our chai tea (very yum) we never saw him again. I am used to fresh coals and some attention.
I would go back, but I will learn to be more demanding? Like bring new coals! WFT? Why should one have to ask for that in a hookah place?
Over all, I would go back and I would recommend it. BUT Don't be shy!
It pains me to review a place with one star, especially when it is locally owned and the owner is easily accessible by working in the establishment.  That being said, I am pleased to offer my one-star review for Harem.

This place starts out very intriguing.  The ambiance looks phenomenal, a very dark place with a great patio that faces hoards of middle school kids killing time on a Friday night.  I've strangely found that every time I go there, the music gets cranked up about 15 notches to the point where conversation becomes extremely difficult...not a good aspect of a hookah bar.

From there it gets worse.  The hookah is very expensive (especially compared to some of my local Tempe joints, and on top of that, there is a one drink minimum.  However, the way that you are notified about this is ridiculous.  My group ordered three coffees, a latte, and five waters.  When we were brought five $4 Voss water bottles, we were a little surprised.  Upon inquiring, we were informed that coffee doesn't count as a drink, and rather than ask what our one drink would be, we were brought extremely overpriced water.

It gets worse.  Our coffee took about 25 minutes to be delivered, our charcoal was changed one time, and although the owner apologized for 'the mess,' there was no attempt to rectify it and put us in a position where we wanted to come back.

My advice would be as follows,

1.  Hire more staff if it takes more than 10 minutes to get a cup of coffee on a table
2.  Turn the damn music down
3.  Make a one drink minimum for people who aren't dropping $25 on average sheesha
4.  Use the proceeds from the $4 waters to put a lock on the bathroom door!!

Unless I see that there are some drastic changes I will not be returning to Harem.
Came here on a Sunday afternoon to meet a friend, about 3:30pm. The place was completely empty, except for a couple sitting outside. 

It's great weather so my friend, who already had a starbucks, takes a seat outside as I go into to order an espresso drink. 

As I walk up the employee (possibly owner/manager) is clearly checking out my friend outside, very distracted. I order a coffee and receive a robotic reply, "Lattes or Mochas" and hands me a menu. As I try to order again he interrupts me saying that "there is no outside beverages allowed" in reference to my friend. I let him know I'm ordering something but he insists that even so, my friend can't have his coffee. 

We leave and walk over to Vincent's (two stores over, a nice Pizza place), where they have no problem with me ordering a drink there and us relaxing outside. 

No business + a bad review all over a simple coffee.
I haven't been to a hookah bar in years and every time I walk by Harem's I think to myself, this looks like the coolest place ever! I took a chance, my girlfriend and I took a seat outside and after waiting a good 5 or 10 minutes someone comes to help us. I ask for a hookah and a couple drinks, apparently she isn't responsible for the drinks so an older guy comes to the table checking Id's, no big deal, but this is when the fun starts.. I'm quizzed on everything from my address, hair color, weight and whatever else he felt like asking, I'm 29 and have NEVER had this happen but I go along with it. He then turns to my girlfriend (29 also) and does the same thing and eventually denies us service! I have never had this happen to me! 

I suppose I should be thankful because I walked over to Ra after and had a fantastic night but I will never go back to Harem's.
Hmmmm lets see where we start with this one! :)

The decor is good as many have pointed out. But as far as the rest of the night goes....I'm at a loss of words. If I were an award winning writer, I might have found the words to express the Sat night we spent at this joint---but I'm not....but a comic tale this is for sure.

We get greeted horribly to a one drink minimum even before we sat at our table.

Waiters(2 of them) come by to ask us about what we want, but no one brings anything out for a good 10-15 mins. 

Finally the owner comes to charm us, suckers me to a drink that he wanted me to have...so I go with it....no worries.

Umpteen attempts to get the heater working fall on deaf ears--till finally the owner tell us that is nice and chilly out---why would we want the heater anyways? :) He does however warn us that the gas cylinders are empty---but we could try our luck to see if they light up :)

We are asked to order drinks, hookahs etc...everything we ask for isnt there.....so we compromise and order something. After we order, every employee of this establishment comes to take our order again---to remind us of the one drink minimum and that we need to order! Finally things started to roll out and get funnier for the night. 

We get some strawberry looking drinks that we didnt ask for and we ask the waiter to bring us the smoothies we had ordered---she goes back and tells us--those we cant make so have these instead! :) Oh and that mint hookah we ordered---after smoking it for 5 mins---didnt smell any mint---so we ask of course---yup NOT MINT! .....they didnt have any so they made us some strawberry watermelon mix that they thought we might like?

Man I could go on and on--one after the other---we just sat around ordering things to see what would actually come to us!

Food we ordered didnt show up.
Drinks we ordered didnt show up.
Hookah we ordered didnt show up.

Everything we didnt order--showed up!
If for no other reason---go here just to see how bad it can be.
I rather enjoyed this place.  Owner is totally cool dude and was kind to have remembered me from my one visit months ago - impressive indeed.  The atmosphere is really really interesting.  Really chill obviously :)  I'm not a big hookah smoker, but enjoy it every now and then.  I've notice a lot of people complained about the price...okay..sure.  I say you pay for the location and ambience of the place.  Definitely a return for me :)
Do NOT go here if you like having good service and drinks that don't cost a ridiculous amount of money. We went on a saturday around midnight, we were seated fairly quickly but after that everything when downhill. It took them a half hour to get us a Hookah and even longer to get our drinks...well some of our parties drinks. We had to ask two-three times for others. 

Our friend ordered a blue moon, 15 minutes later when she still hadn't gotten it she managed to flag down a waitress, only to be told that they were out. The manager then came over and proceeded to talk her into buying a martini, of course they didn't tell her their martinis cost $17! It was a really bad martini too. A long Island is $10, an iced coffee with 2 shots of Kahlua is 18.50! The drinks were small and not very strong. They also only served 2 items on their menu, which makes me wonder why they even bothered giving us one. 

 Their hookah is very expensive. Don't be fooled by their 3+ people for $25 with 2 free refills. The first bowl you get counts as a refill, then you get 1 real refill after that. 

The bathroom is also filthy, co-ed and the lock on the door is broken. 

The only cool thing about this place is the decor, and it's not nearly good enough to make up for the shitty service and overpriced...everything.
For reference i went to this place Wednesday june 30th at 11pm. Where should i start with this place? First, extremely pricey and 1 drink per person minimum. Three drinks and one hookah is $42.00. second, right away service wad horrible, drinks took 20 minutes to reach our table and that is after checking on them twice just to find out the kid who was making the drinks just left them in the blender and walked upstairs to chat up two girls that I guess he was more interested in than helping paying customers. ( mind you this was at 11pm on Wednesday with only one other couple there at the time so it's not like the  kid was busy).  So that being said the hookah actually took even LONGER than the drinks about 35 mins to be exact. And after delivering the hookah it became very harsh within 4 mins of sampling it. When we went to go ask the kid at the front to fix it we found him smoking what seemed to be (and smelled like marijuana) upstairs with his little gfs. We at this point were so upset that he was not helping us at all that we demanded a refund in which he said he couldn't even give us even though we did not even touch the hookah. The kids name is Blake. Or at least that's the name he gave us lol. But I would never recommend this place and would honestly love to give it negative stars If possible. Good luck getting any kind of service here. And if you get a kid named Blake on Wednesday night good luck getting anything you ordered.
30 seconds in this posh place, and I was already excited. They had a coffee bar, the most awesome assortment of bottled beverages I've seen in ANY hookah bar, and the atmosphere--oh my, is it lavish.

It was a trap!

 $15 for a one hose hookah ties the priciest I've ever paid. Wait, what's that? It's $20 just because it's a Saturday night? Now you're pushing it. Well, at least I can split the cost with my friends. Four people to a hookah will be alright, I suppose. A cover charge, you say? Five dollars for each of my friends who didn't order a hookah? Alright, now we're up to $35 for four of us to share a one hose.

But the nickel-and-diming doesn't end there. You'll also be required to purchase a drink. No hard feelings about the drink itself--the introduction to sparkling Voss ($4) was welcome. But to pay for that after the cover...isn't that a little extreme for a hookah bar?

After shelling out what felt like a ripoff, I was still ready to have my mind blown by this place. Too bad I didn't even get to sit on the second floor! I asked, and received no reason why it couldn't be done when my party was the only one in the building. If you ever have the misfortune of coming here, you'll see why that's a big deal--the second floor is the coolest little balcony you'll ever see at at a hookah bar.

So I finally get the hookah. It looked like an expensive piece, but I was displeased to see instant light coals (low quality) sitting on top. I huffed and I puffed, but could barely muster one iota of smoke. After sucking ash, I complained to the waitress, who was almost clueless about what to do.

15 minutes later, I got my hookah back. It smoked alright...too bad they used the cheapest shisha. Why charge so much when you use such a low quality product? 

I can barely even call Harem a hookah bar. I think that's just a front. It's a place to sip coffee and Voss in style, that just happens to serve subpar hookahs on the side. It's the most expensive place of its kind, yet has the worst quality I have ever encountered. One star is too much, and I may never go again...unless they let me smoke on the second floor.
I like this place.
I like that it has a real bar, and neat-O light up menus, and cool ambiance.

Yes, it's like 2x's more expensive than the Tempe places.
But I will gladly pay it, becuase of what I listed above :)
I HATE this place and let me tell you why. It's right down the street from my boyfriend's house so we decided to go check it out for my first hookah experience. When we got there, they were out of mostly all of the flavors and had no idea when they'd be getting more. Whatever. We settled on one they did have in stock and then were forced to get drinks. Like seriously, no sodas?? Just expensive bottled water and smoothies. So we get the smoothies. There's no smoking inside or on the 2nd floor (even though one guy did manage to get them to let him up there, I have no idea how though) so we were seated outside where we had to wait 15-20 minutes for the hookah and then another 10 minutes just for our drinks. When we did actually try the drinks, I regretted it immediately. My boyfriend thought his tasted OK at first but upon me tasting it, I told him it tasted like downing a bottle of perfume. What kind of smoothie tastes like perfume?? We were told free refill but we never did do that cause I was actually in a rush to get to class that night. So we made plans to go back and we did about a week later. The second time, we stopped at the Valero on Ranch Circle to buy our own drinks, thinking we could outsmart them and not have to buy their shitty smoothies. We get there and they were a bit busier than last time, so much so that we believe the guy that we need to wait 15 minutes for a table because all of the tables and couches inside and out were packed. But we started getting pissed when a group that came in after us got a table so my boyfriend goes over to ask the guy and he just tells us that he's waiting for us to get rid of our outside drinks. It was the owner so he had us sitting there for a half hour thinking we were getting a seat and meanwhile he knew he wouldn't give us a seat. Why didn't he tell us that when we first walked in? Customer service and having shisha in stock doesn't seem to be their priority at all so let me know when that changes, guys, cause honestly, I'd still love to give this place one last chance. Otherwise, I'll make the drive to Tempe to find a better place. I like hookah, just don't like Harem's.
This place hands down has some great decor that provides some great ambiance. I like how the owner is hospitible. The only thing that stops me from givng it 5stars are the prices. A little pricey
Ah, Harem Hooka. How I adore your decor and general vibe. Nice lounge music, good looking people, and awesome looking hookas. 

But, what the hell is up with your service? Even though there were numerous people working... the place felt like one person was tending to 50 tables... instead of 5 people tending to 15 tables.

I just don't get it, especially since for the most part once people have their hookas... you don't have to tend much to them. Now, I know Harem has food and drinks and that is keeping people busy... but still!

Also, your heat lanterns kept blowing out. Brrr. That made it a little nippy outside.

The owner guy (or that is what I am assuming he was) seemed a little bit pissed about life. Maybe he was stressed or something but he just seemed to generally be grumpy. It isn't good for the *owner* to kind of be in a pissy mood... especially seemingly toward patrons. (i.e. he was a little pissy with me when our pita and hummus order was taking 15+ minutes to come out and I told him just to cancel it).

I've gone to other hooka places and I think the "hooka experience" is much better. Maybe this is because they concentrate more on the hooka aspect of the business versus the restaurant/bar aspect. So I will say it this way... If you are looking for a trendy place for hooka... this is an awesome place. If you are wanting more of an authentic hooka with faster service... certainly try somewhere else.
I agree with the rest of the reviews; the decor and the general vibe is exceptional.  It is more expensive than the other places I usually go to, but when you are looking for a posh and chic place for special occasions, I head down to Harem.

The problems I face are as follows:

-Hookah is pricey, and so is EVERYTHING else there.
-Restroom does NOT have a lock.  How difficult/expensive is it to replace the lock on a door?
-The owner is unpleasant and condescending.  If there is a hole in the hose, you should not try to convince me that it does not affect the smoking when it clearly does. 
-The owner is unpleasant and condescending.  You should keep the hygienic plastic pieces for the hose in stock, and if you are out just explain that you are out.  Don't give me some speech about how your hoses are cleaned thoroughly after every use.  That was not my question.

The first time I was there, there was only one server (no owner) and he was fun, attentive, nice, and pleasant.  Then the rest of the time the owner was there and it ruined my image of the place.  

The owner should simply accept the fact he is not a people person, hire a manager who is, and stay away from the business.  The place would get much more business.
I really dig this place. It's very nice, clean with a great menu, great hookahs and great service.

It's been around for a long time and the commitment of the owner, who's always there, shows.

Highly recommended.
It was my brothers birthday and I took him to dinner at RA and saw this place across the way. I asked him if he would like to smoke hookah after and he was stoked. 

Before we entered he and my other brother had a cigarette outside before they entered.  

After they were done, we walked inside and asked how much it was for just 2 of us and they said 15 but all 3 of us had to buy ok drink. Ok... 

We sit down and I asked the waitress what kind of beers they had, she stated she didn't know. I had to ramble of a few to figure out what I wanted. 

As we are waiting for our hookah we are rudely interrupted by either the owner or manager who decides to let us know there is no smoking allowed. We look at him wondering why he is telling us this because none of us are smoking. He says you were the ones smoking outside before you came in so I just wanted to ensure you knew. Just because its a hookah bar do you really think we are going to smoke cigarettes when there are no ashtrays? We are not disrespectful like that... But maybe we look like it. 

Then we start to smoke our hookah and he comes over again and tells us that our hookah doesn't look sturdy and to be careful. I then ask him, "I'm just wondering, do we look like we are rowdy? Because you have came over twice now letting us know.." I'm sure you get the point.

He says, "no, not at all. I'm just going to get you another hookah. And if you want you can move spots." As he walked away I realize he wants us to move because there are 3 of us sitting at a spot that can fit 6. Might I add its a thursday and not busy. Can we say rude? And I don't think he was going to grab us another hookah until I said something.

When we got our new hookah it was harsh and burned our throats.I asked to have then move the coals and it was prefect. Then 5 min maybe 10 min later they come by and add another coal. I thought they were just moving the ones around again. (granted I thinks its good customer service to do that but I think they should always ask)... Why? Because it was harsh again but worse. It just ruined it and we decided it was time to go.

The girls restroom doesn't have a lock (which makes me uncomfortable to use the restroom because they don't have stalls) and has writing all over the door.

The only part that we enjoyed here was when we yelped the place to see what everyone else said and got a good laugh because all the negative reviews were so true!
This place was awesome. The people that work here are super friendly. The I'm assuming manager came and apologized over and over cause our waitress accidentally dropped the hookah so it shattered everywhere and it took 5 min to get a new one. Seriously not a problem at all. 
We will be going back for sure. Super convenient and and friendly people. Awesome experience.
Oh the only downfall is they didn't have coffee at night so I settled for water
Seriously love this place. The owner/manager not sure which he is pretty sure owner.  He's awesome he now remembers out order and everything and this was on;y our third time there:) Staff is super friendly as always and everything is on key! Can't wait for next weekend
So after a birthday dinner at RA we decided to just hang out this Hookah Lounge across the way. The place is highly decorated like some dungeon basement theme. Its pretty small. We had 20+ people and we packed it pretty good. They do have a decent size patio. They also have a second story loft but it will not fit 20 of us. Place has TV's and play videos. The owner did say he has a music video DJ on the weekends. Since we came in that many people the owner actually discounted our drinks and gave some free to us. Its nothing special just a neighborhood Hookah Lounge but in Ahwatukee.
I write this review with sadness in my heart.  I have been coming to Harem since it was Coffee Society and before they started serving Hookahs.

There are no locks on the bathroom.  Embarassing when a drunk from Ra walks into the bathroom and takes a couple minutes to figure out you arent a toilet.

No soap in the bathrooms.  I need to clarify this - the last 3 times I have been there, no soap in the bathrooms.

The coffee is still great, the hot chocolate was awesome, the hookah was great... but Ive been coming here for over 10 years.  I can see the decline.

Buy soap, put locks on the bathrooms, and bring back the good shisha you used to serve up.

=(
I didn't really go for Hooka stuff before, but I frequent the theater next to Harem so often that I began popping by regularly just to see what the fuss was about. 

I don't drink, but I chug their coffee back as though it held an antidote. The coffee is phenomenal and that alone is worth stopping in for a taste. They appear to have a decent alcohol menu and it lights up, too! :)

The food is excellent. It's a little awkward to stop in for a hooka AND eat AND drink massive cups of coffee, but I do it more often than I'd expect. It's mostly a Mediterranean affair of finger foods with some larger entrees as well, but I have yet to be disappointed after haunting the place for about two and a half years.

The hooka there is incredible. I'm not entirely knowledgeable about hookas on my own, but the various blends are as appealing to the nose as they are to the tongue. Rich scents and flavors course through with each puff and it is heavenly. Absolutely worth a try.

The service is phenomenal and always polite. I've never been left hanging for food or drink and my coals are always well tended to. I'm a huge fan of Harem and I plan to be frequenting the place for a long LONG time to come.  I can't recommend it enough.
The only good thing about this place is the intimate setting and the beautiful decor. Otherwise, I was disappointed. The hookah was supposed to taste like coffee, pistachio and jasmine but it all blended together into a muddy mess. The drinks were overpriced. If I don't specify a rum then give me well. Don't pour me the expensive stuff. I didn't try any of the food but who goes to a hookah bar to eat anyway? All the waitstaff seemed more concerned with restocking the fridge with redbull than asking me if I wanted another drink. The absolute worst part was the music. A DJ came in and started playing Pussycat Dolls and Eminem. What is it, 2005? Current music played at an appropriate volume would have been nice instead of blaring hits from six year ago. I won't go back.
Alright, so I'll be honest here, this was my first experience at a hookah bar, so I don't have much experience to go from.  On the other hand, I like to think I give pretty fair, intelligent reviews that are well-thought out.   I've been here twice so far.  (+ positive, - negative, -/+ neutral)

+ Hookah is superb.  I will say their stuff is pretty good.  Smooth, not powerful, and flavorful.  

-/+ Customer service.  I think they're decent, but not amazing.  They're nice, friendly, and definitely help you out with any questions you may have.

- EXPENSIVE.  Holy mother of... why would I wanna pay $30 for hookah?  It just really blows my mind how much it costs.  It is good stuff... but really?

-/+ You must order a drink.  I kind of understand how this works on the business side of things, but I think maybe it cuts back on the amount of clientele.  And it's kind of annoying.  I go there for a smoke, not for a drink or coffee.  

+ Atmosphere.  Definitely what comes to mind for me when I hear "lounge."  Dark, spacious, comfortable, candles lit.  It's a nice place to relax for sure.  It's wonderfully decorated and you can tell the owners take pride in its appearance.
Would give this place zero or negative stars if possible.  Service was awful, drinks were mediocre and they don't tell you that they charge "for seating".  So we ended up paying a lot of money for a very negative experience.
If I could give negative stars I certainty would be giving a negative 10.  At first it seemed like a cool chill hang out but then all of  a sudden you realize you have been here for 30 minutes and list to the crappy music.   The guy charged us for other peoples stuff, changed prices everytime he told us why our bill was too high.  Blamed our friend for not paying (when in fact they did). End of story we paid way for stuff we didnt get ( disputing with BofA in morning) and the guy was a big ass and ended with a glass a water in his face with everyone clapping.  I would not go there agian unless you plan on paying for stuff you dont get, Crappy service, Crappy DJ with music way too loud and a bill higher than my house payment for 40 minutes of hooka time.  This place wont be around long , service sucks, owner is a jerk , and her charges you for thing you didnt get.  Plus prices change if you question it so he doesnt even know how much stuff costs he makes is up as he goes.

DO NOT GO HERE IT IS A WAIST OF YOUR TIME AND MONEY
I love coming to Harem with a few friends to chill and have a great time. I've been here twice and loved it. Inside they have a few couches and the place is lit up with red lanterns. It gets super loud inside from the music so I like to sit outside on the patio they have. There are plenty of places to choose to sit for small or large groups. The owner/employees are super chill and ready to help. However, a few times our coals would burn out completely without someone changing them. The volume of the music makes it harder to ask. Harem is also way over priced. It's $20 for hookah and a drink. If you want another drink it's an extra $10. There is no cost to change the coals. And they don't check ID, which was a plus! 
Overall, I really enjoy coming here to chill. And I would recommend coming here if you have extra cash and want something to do with your friends.
Overpriced drinks. Terrible service. Was overcharged. Only redeeming quality was the tobacco was top notch. Would not recommend.
I came here on a Sunday night, nobody was there and I was actually his first customer. Hookah was overpriced for what it was and we paid before we even got the hookah. It was 30 dollars and you have to order at least one drink. He did tell us that we had to wait 10 minutes for the coals to warm up even though it took around 20 minutes. We smoked hookah for about 3 minutes before it got harsh and we had to practically hunt down the employee to fix it. Overall, it was a "whatever" experience. Decor was beautiful and they do have a full bar. However, I won't be back. If you want good hookah and easy prices, you're better off going to Tempe.
As a hookah frequent, I have to say Harem has to be the biggest waste of money iv ever spent at a hookah lounge.  The other reviews are pretty accurate. The wait staff sucks, oh wait...there's only ONE employee ever working (if that qualifies as a wait staff). The hookah is always too harsh. The quality of shisha is nothing to write home about. ONE hookah and two waters totalled 35.00 !!! & when I handedn the cashier 40.00 in 20 dollar bills he asked me if I had exact change because he had no twenties or ones. Like I stated before,  waste of $$$. It only gets one star because the decor is cute. But then again, id rather sit in a basic lounge with good shisha and fair prices. Fail.
Okay so I am a total hypocrite by giving this place one star considering the fact that I have been here more than once.
Anyways, FOR THE PEOPLE WHO HAVE NEVER BEEN HERE....

Located next to RA, which is pretty busy like all day, surprisingly, this place is never busy(but I personally love empty hookah lounges). The lounge is very attractive. This place appears to be very upscale. There is a full bar and the menus light up which is pretty neat. There is also an upstairs and outside seating area.

The MAJOR downfalls about this place are that there is usually just one person working. It's the same guy that's been in there everytime I went. He is very inconsistent on checking on you to see if you need more coals or not. He actually isn't even in the front half of the time. Everytime I got a hookah, it has always been harsh. EVERYTIME.

Also, the prices are "go f*ck yourself" ridiculous. Extremely high for what you get. The shisha isn't a very good quality in general and to have the audacity to charge $30.00 for a single one hose, this is unacceptable under all circumstances. YA YOU'RE A NICE LOOKING LOUNGE BUT...if you give me halfass hookah, how am I supposed to enjoy myself? Why did I come here again since I had such a bad experience?...well, it's convient to me and I'm too lazy to travel.

If you are a regular hookah smoker, or just in the mood to smoke, you're better off traveling the extra 10 minutes to Tempe.
I'm a huge fan of Harem. The ambiance is perfect for hookah and having a well stocked bar doesn't hurt either. Being a small business, the service does suffer slightly on busy nights, but flagging down any of the friendly staff solves that problem right away.
The first time my group and I went it was a blast the owner was super nice. We went again this past Friday and the service was terrible. He was rude. We paid 10 bucks. Person the first time and then he upped it to 20 bucks saying "i was being nice". We asked for water and he said "go get it yourself". Was in our faces for no reason and we just left. Because of the wishy washy service we left and went to Hubbly Bubbly in Tempe and it was amazing and great service. Not to mention no wishy washy service.
The hookah is good but other than that nothing, the rest room is not clean (men and women) the waiter is nice but never smiles. 
If you just care about the hookah its good but for total package there is better.
We got ripped off!!!! I went here last Saturday night. The price in the menu for hookah is $25. When we went to pay our tab, the owner said it was $20 each, including the person in our party who did not smoke and only had water. Not only were we deceived about pricing, the service was mediocre, if not below average. Don't come here.
Love this place the owner is real kool and always remembers me when I walk in the door and I always get A1 service when I come this is my hang out
mmmmmm Kabob.

I enjoyed this place and will go back, perhaps today.  They serve Lebanese style meats with rice and pita.  They've got a great lunch special which comes with 4 different types of meat, rice, salad and pita for like $6.50!  Everything was very tasty and seemed fresh.  My only complaint was some of the meats were a little bland, but not too bad, I just like a LOT of flavor.
One I should give this place 4 stars for having the common sense to be located near the Ducati dealer and not charging prices relative to it :)   

What used to be a fair uneventful; deli has been rescued from fake NY blandness into something altogether more agreeable.   Now it's a bit unfair to review this for it's main output since I -had- to have, a   bastardization of the cuisine and try the    beef shawarma sub . 

 I love when fast foods collide, a la Chino Bandito and the  Corn Beef  mini chimis at  Tim Finnegans.     So a large sub with  the meat, lettuce, tomato and  mustard on it was really filling, everything fresh and  pretty quick  turnaround for those on the go. 

Lunch specials look good, staff friendly and it's spotless   will  definitely  be adding this to my lunch spot rotation.
Upgraded to 4 stars.  Went back for the lunch special and walked out well fed and relatively well off  the lunch special and drink came to a tiny bit over $7.    It's  not a place to be in a rush ( e.g if you are grab and go) but  it's by no means excessive . I used to be patient back home but the US has reset  my  internal service clock   from  Q to now! so it's probably not that accurate an assessment.      It's fresh,  it's reasonably priced, clean and isn't a taco, burger, chicken item and holy crap real plates, real silverware.  

May not seem like a big thing  but it's really hard to take people to lunch  from work  were paper  and plastic refers  not to the take out bag but to the  utensils and plates. 

And it's next door to the Ducati store:)
I was really hoping for good food.   I knew when I walked in and saw a mile long deli case, plastic chairs and tables up against the wall and dim lighting that there was no ambiance or service to be had.   The shawarma was dry (how do you do that?), the rice tasteless, the kabobs greasy & bland and the hummus almost inedible.   The service was non existent.   Go to Pita Jungle or go to Tempe or Gilbert and go to Phoenicia.   Kabob Inn is not going to last with the food & service that they're providing.   This hurts my heart as I wish independently owned businesses would thrive in the area, and I miss good mediterranean food being a Dearborn native.  Very sad.
I too had the lunch special and thought for the price it was a good deal. My pita bread was ice cold and stale, which sort of put a damper on the whole meal. I was expecting more. I liked the variety of meat selections served with the lunch special, but the steak was grizzly. Also, the rice was just okay - it was a tad dry. Also, the decor and ambiance was nothing special and sort of depressing. I'll probably go back and try them again, but I'm not racing back.
On the corner of a dirty little strip mall, this little place blends in with the other various ethnic storefronts, but don't let that scare you- the food is worth the trip. 

The decor of the place is not bad- nice tables and chairs with a little vase of fake flowers- no corny painting on the wall, and no pretense of trying to be someplace they aren't. It's a simple place, with simple food. 

I had the falafel, and my companion had the lamb. All entrees come with salad- which is really a plate of cut up veggies (cucumber, pickles, jalapeno, onion), cilantro, and yogurt sauce, pita bread, and soup. The soup tasted like lamb broth. Not my favorite. It wasn't bad with rice and cilantro added to it, but it wasn't that great either.

The falafel was really good- a little crunchier than I am used to, but the flavor was fantastic. The lamb was good too- i'm not a big fan of lamb, but this was really tasty. 

Traditional hot tea can be had for a mere fifty cents, but I advise you ask them not to sweeten it if you're a purist. They put quite a bit of sugar in it. 

All in all, a good trip. Our bill topped out at an amazingly cheap $16 and change, and we had leftovers. Well worth it.
This place is what Yelp is all about. One of Phoenix's hidden gems.
Al Rafedin is a tiny restaurant in a run down looking strip mall at 37th Ave and Camelback serving some great Middle Eastern Food.

You have your traditional items, kabobs, chicken, lamb, falafel and hummus, sandwiches and entrees served with rice.
The portions are large and served with soup, which was a lamb broth and come with a plate of radishes, pickles, onions, jalapenos, a lemon wedge and cilantro. Pita bread is also served with the meals.
The food is fresh and prepared as you order it.

Al Rafedin family owned and operated. We were served by the son and the father, who was also the chef. Both were very friendly and welcoming as well as the patrons. 

The authenticity of the food was verified by the fact we were the only Anglos in the place, all the other customers were Middle Eastern. In fact, the owner told us this is the place where all the local Middle Eastern people come for food. If you love Middle Eastern food, this place is the best this side of the Tigris and Euphrates.
So stopped by this place for lunch today.  I've been driving past it for quite some time, waiting for the right time to stop in, well today was my not so lucky day.

Our experience started out just fine, we were welcomed with a nice genuine smile and we sat wherever  we liked in a very comfortable homey atmosphere. 

We perused the simple menu (that was filthy dirty) and decided on a falafel sandwich and the tikka sandwich(lamb and beef).  We were promplty advised that he didn't have sandwiches and we had to order a dinner platter.  Mind you, there are no prices on the dirty menu, aside from the modestly priced sandwiches.  So we opted for chicken and falafel.  We also ordered a side of hummus $2.50.  

Our food came out and everything was okay.  The falafel was the best thing, but as the other revues read came with the plate of veggies/pickles yogurt sauce and some pita.  At this point I'm looking down at everything that would be on a sandwich, including pita bread...but "we have no sandwich"....UM OKAY!!    

It was alot of food, we picked untill we had our fill and then the check came.  Well, the verbal bill was $34.  WHAT?????  $34 DOLLARS FOR LUNCH, THIS IS NOT RUTHS CHRIS STEAKHOUSE...AND THE FOOD WAS AVERAGE!!!!! (I thought to myself!)
So I was about to pay..when I was like no way..  I went over to the menu on the wall.  They were over charging me $10.00.  I graciously confronted the son enquiring why it cost so much.  The father immediately chimed in from the kitchen and walked out with a raised voice being confrontational.  

Ok, I'm never out to get something for free... this was alot of money for 2 for lunch..c'mon.

He barges out of the kitchen with a hand full of ground meat ..yes raw ground meat! Then he hands the fist full of raw meat to his son out in the restaurant.  His son whom has been handling money grabs the raw meat and heads to the kitchen.  Then he begins typing numbers into the register ..I'm correcting him on the prices as I'm reading them from the wall.  He keeps trying to charge me 3.50 for yogurt sauce which we did not order and presumed was part of the meal, as it would've been to dry to palate with out it.  NO QUESTION.  I keep telling him, sir we did not order the yogurt sauce, you just keep trying to charge us for it...

After an upsetting escalated several minutes we came to an understanding that the bill was $24.  As per prices posted on the wall and what we had ordered.  He made us feel like we were trying to pull one over on him, when actually it was the other way around.  I handed him $30 dollars and promptly left.  THIS WAS A HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE.

I was really hoping to love this place.  I love supporting local business, and I love middle eastern food.  I wish them the best.
So stopped by this place for lunch today.  I've been driving past it for quite some time, waiting for the right time to stop in, well today was my not so lucky day.

Our experience started out just fine, we were welcomed with a nice genuine smile and we sat wherever  we liked in a very comfortable homey atmosphere. 

We perused the simple menu (that was filthy dirty) and decided on a falafel sandwich and the tikka sandwich(lamb and beef).  We were promplty advised that he didn't have sandwiches and we had to order a dinner platter.  Mind you, there are no prices on the dirty menu, aside from the modestly priced sandwiches.  So we opted for chicken and falafel.  We also ordered a side of hummus $2.50.  

Our food came out and everything was okay.  The falafel was the best thing, but as the other revues read came with the plate of veggies/pickles yogurt sauce and some pita.  At this point I'm looking down at everything that would be on a sandwich, including pita bread...but "we have no sandwich"....UM OKAY!!    

It was alot of food, we picked untill we had our fill and then the check came.  Well, the verbal bill was $34.  WHAT?????  $34 DOLLARS FOR LUNCH, THIS IS NOT RUTHS CHRIS STEAKHOUSE...AND THE FOOD WAS AVERAGE!!!!! (I thought to myself!)
So I was about to pay..when I was like no way..  I went over to the menu on the wall.  They were over charging me $10.00.  I graciously confronted the son enquiring why it cost so much.  The father immediately chimed in from the kitchen and walked out with a raised voice being confrontational.  

Ok, I'm never out to get something for free... this was alot of money for 2 for lunch..c'mon.

He barges out of the kitchen with a hand full of ground meat ..yes raw ground meat! Then he hands the fist full of raw meat to his son out in the restaurant.  His son whom has been handling money grabs the raw meat and heads to the kitchen.  Then he begins typing numbers into the register ..I'm correcting him on the prices as I'm reading them from the wall.  He keeps trying to charge me 3.50 for yogurt sauce which we did not order and presumed was part of the meal, as it would've been to dry to palate with out it.  NO QUESTION.  I keep telling him, sir we did not order the yogurt sauce, you just keep trying to charge us for it...

After an upsetting escalated several minutes we came to an understanding that the bill was $24.  As per prices posted on the wall and what we had ordered.  He made us feel like we were trying to pull one over on him, when actually it was the other way around.  I handed him $30 dollars and promptly left.  THIS WAS A HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE.

I was really hoping to love this place.  I love supporting local business, and I love middle eastern food.  I wish them the best.
today was my second visit to the gyro house. i was craving something mediterranean and remembered this place isn't too far from work. located in a nondescript ... no, that's not the right word ... rundown ... nope, that's still not quite right ... ok, completely ghetto, half empty strip mall that also houses a chinese restaurant and a second hand clothing store, the place does not look promising from the outside.  inside, there are 15 or so tables, comfortable molded plastic chairs and an extensive menu to choose from. everything on the menu is fairly priced with the most expensive being "dinner for 2" at $21.95. fountain drinks are $1. sandwiches ($5.95 - $6.95) are served with fries. i had the homemade falafel on a pita with super secret spices, fresh lettuce and tomato (and onion, but i picked that out) and it was yummy! french fries were hot, crispy and unsalted. i prefer them that way ... this way i can salt to my heart's content. anyway, the place isn't fancy, but it is fresh and clean, family owned and serves up some really good food. if you dig fancy, look no further than the back of the restaurant where they sell some pretty fancy-schmancy hookahs, and prices look fair to boot! so there you have it ... homemade falafel, french fries and fancy hookahs. what could be better? to me, not much. gyro house has earned a solid 4 stars from me.
We would give this place 6 stars if we could! This place is nothing to look at from the outside; in fact, we probably never would have stopped there if I hadn't read some reviews. This place is phenomenal, it's family owned and run, the owner is always working and friendly. They have the best gyros in Phoenix (and we have tried a lot!) and their hummus is made fresh daily and amazing! We always get top notch service when we go in there and they have fun little trivia booklets to keep you occupied while you wait. The gyro house is definitely a favorite!!
The food is tastey and affordable.
The atmosphere is friendly.
I promise you will be satisfied.
A hidden gem.
Like many hidden gems, the Gyro House is tucked in a nondescript, pretty empty strip mall. Luckily I stumbled onto this place and it's become a favorite lunch spot.

My favorites are the gyros, which are made fat and fantastic. You can grab one with fries for under $7. They have a lot of Middle Eastern faves like falafel and baba ghanoush, or if you're in for a bigger meal there's the kebabs or shawerma.

Bottom line is you won't find a better gyro for the price, and the good food and friendly staff have me going back at least once a week.
Love this place! The inside is nothing special but for a quick bite to eat is is tasty and the price is right. Owner is very nice and the gyros are excellent. My mom lives nearby and I go often.
So, I live near to the Gyro House. That being said, I love this place, the staff is friendly, everyone remembers the regulars, and it should get more exposure. The food is very good and really the owners add the little touch of care that I appreciate a lot. Every time I come I am stepping into a place where I am recognized and appreciated. It is a pleasant departure. It is small, the food is good, it is what you need.
I have never been a huge fan of Mediterranean food, but I am officially converted!! 

Let me start by saying the Gyro house has the best chicken gyro I've ever had!I would definitely agree with the other reviewers that aesthetically, this place is not something to look at. It's located in a small strip mall and the restaurant itself is not the fanciest. However, it definitely has character. It looks like your run-of-the-mill small, local business. The owner was in the store when I went in, and he was super friendly and I received great customer service.

Now for the good part... the food! I ordered a chicken gyro with french fries. Both were delish! The chicken was very tender and was served on the fluffiest pita bread I've ever tasted. It was topped with lettuce, tomato, red onion (which I picked off), and tzaziki sauce. I paid about $7.50 for my meal, and it was definitely worth every penny. If you're a fan of a great gyro, this is the place for you!
This place is great.  The food is amazing.  Everything they say in the other reviews.  The only drawback is the decor and location.
Lets get the positives out of the way first. Okay now that we have covered that, lets move on to what is wrong with this place. 

Oh Yelpers you did me wrong on this one. Of course they might have been having an off day but I will never know. 

I want to be very clear that in no way did the black hair in my tzatziki sauce effect my rating of this restaurant, as a matter of fact it was the attitude of the employees about the hair that didn't do them any favors. I realize that humans (most) have hair and from time to time one wanders into food, and that is a part of life. Not worth getting hot and bothered about in my mind. But when I show it to you and you show it to the cook, then proceed to dish up another dish of it (all the while talking in your native tongue so I have no idea what you are saying) and simply hand it to me with a "there you go." ??? Really? No "sorry about that" even? No good kids. 

Okay there were some good things, the prepubescent version of the tzatziki sauce was one of the best I have ever had, and the rice was cooked to perfection. However comma what I was served was not what I had envisioned from past experience, what I was served was chicken soy sauce stir-fry with onions, A Greek salad that was reasonably fresh but soaked in vinegar dressing. 

And the final nail in the coffin were the mini wedges of dried out stale pita bread. What I am I supposed to do with this? How about a freshly warmed whole pita or flat bread so I can put the ingredients inside like a wrap? It was like trying to pile meat, rice, sauce and lettuce onto a really thick corn  chip. 

I recommend taking a pass on this place, or if you feel if you do, don't get the "shawarma" plate. 

BTW, this is how Shawarma meat should be cooked. http://www.sanobar.com.sg/images/shawarma-org.jpg 

Notice no goopy reduced soy sauce mess? Blechk!
Oh have mercy. Every time I am in Phoenix I NEED to go to the Gyro House. No menu required... I just order the lamb gyro. It comes with a basket of thick, hot fries that I continue to burn my tongue on. I never learn. The gyro is flavorful with just the right amount of yogurt sauce and red onions. The lamb is cooked until it's a little crunchy and the pita is always soft and chewy. Mmm. The place itself isn't that charming, but the family who runs the place is very nice. I am glad to give them my business!
Wow.  This place is great!   I rarely go for gyros so I'm not sure what to compare them too,  all I know is that it was really tasty!!!  Well worth the price for What you get.
The menu from the Gyro House is a staple around our house. If we lack the energy to make dinner at the end of a long day, chances are we're calling in an order. I've been telling myself that I would get on here and promote this place for ages.  These small mom/pop restaurants where pride is still taken in the food are exactly what most neighborhoods lack. The owner is friendly and energetic and is quick to get your order in with the kitchen. I typically order the large salad topped with gyro meat which comes with pita bread...I wish I stopped there. This place serves some mean steak fries for cheap and I struggle to say no when they offer them up.   If you're in the area and you're not picky about decor for your dining experience...try this place out!

Great food, family run, and pretty darn speedy!
They have the best gyro meat in town. and their Greek Salad with gyro is my favorite.
wonderful family business! I will definitely keep going back.
Good, cheap, Greek. We've gotten take-out at least three times from Gyro House and have loved everything we've eaten so far. It's inexpensive and you get generous portions. Yeah, the inside is not fantastic, but we wouldn't choose to dine-in anyway. I recommend Gyro House for sure!
Awful... not even mediocre. I am giving them one star out of sheer awe that they have managed to stay open this long.  I am shocked at the positive reviews and can only surmise that the owners have lots of family and friends or there are a lot of folks in this area who just don't know any better.
Good food and great service, but couldn't give it a 5 stars because they don't serve lamb. Not sure what they put in the rice, didn't know rice could taste that good.
This is my kind of place; a really great dive. First off, the owners are extremely friendly. I wanted to try a falafel and I didn't want to purchase the entire platter. I got hooked up.  The babaganoush is the real deal. The Gyro's have a ton of flavor. The prices are dirt cheap. I dig the Gyro House!
Great place to have near home when a gyros craving hits. The food is always good, if not great, and prices are very reasonable, We've had just about everything on the menu and havnt found a thing we didnt like. I wish they still did the cabbage roll specials, best I ever had.
This place took me bu surprise. It was delicious. The gyro meat is was spiced and cooked to perfection. The salads were great and very fresh. Cant wait to go back.
From the time we entered the door, until the time we left, the operators of this establishment treated us like on of the family. The atmosphere is homely and inviting. There seemed to be quite a bit of hookah smoking going on, which just added to the authentic environment. Unfortunately, we were there for carryout, but we will go back soon to enjoy a full sit down meal. We are looking forward to it.
It's a lot to say but I this place had the best gyro I've ever had.  I guess that makes the name appropriate.  I had the traditional gyro with the side salad substitution and not only was the pita soft, warm, with just a slight crunch, but the meat inside was perfectly cooked, seasoned, and with nice big chunks (though still tender).  Even the side salad was good, with lots of feta and taste, instead of the typical side greek salad you get at most places that looks like it was thrown together in 30 seconds and maybe came out of a bag.  Definitely recommend this place and will be hitting it again.  P.S. The baklava they have is HUGE!  It's bigger than a rolled taco, instead of the tiny slices you get elsewhere.
The gyro was okay.  The hummus tasted store-bought and the baklava which was supposedly made by Grandma was disgusting.
Great gyros. Kids loved them. Meat was big flavorful and juicy. I will be back
Once again, I found myself in an area that I was unfamiliar of what there is to eat.  I pulled out my yelp and looked up "greek restaurants" nearby.  Gyro House popped up and had good marks.  I ordered the greek salad with gyro meat and it cost me about $9.00. My order came out in good time and it was PACKED with gyro meat. Good flavor and filling. I could have used more pepperconi and tomato but no biggie it was still done well. I probably won't find myself this far north Phoenix again, BUT if I do- I would certainly visit Gyro House.
Went to the Gyro House for lunch today.  My sister has been telling me about this place for awhile.  I wasn't disappointed.  Family run business.  Marlene (I hope I got your name right?) was awesome!  The beef gyro was excellent.  The pita bread warm and so fresh it must've been made this morning.  I used to by Pita Bread back in Oxnard from a greek bakery so I know good pita bread!  Anyway, the gyro had just the right amount of meat with a great sauce, lettuce, tomatoes etc. It came with big fat fries cooked to perfection.   Ordered the baklava to go and it was delicious!  My only regret is this place isn't closer!
Gyro house is one of those places you never want to leave your area. Great Gyro's and very nice owners.. The whole family is here pretty often.

They have a large screen TV which always is showing one of the Finals games(NBA), and hookah is $10 here. LOVE IT!
My husband and I love this place and luckily it's really close to home.  They have the best gyros and the fries are amazing.  This is typically our lunch on Saturday.  Yummy
My husband and I just ate at this restaurant tonight and it was delicious.  We got hummus for an appetizer and each had the gyro sandwich. He got his with steak fries and I got a side salad. Everything was great. The side salad was exceptional. 

The restaurant is located in a shopping center. The decor is dated, however, it's not quite a dive. The location and decor are the only reasons I didn't give it 5 stars. But the food and owners are great. I will definitely be going back soon.
The best gyro my mom and I have ever had! The meat is moist and flavorful.  Owners friendly.  This is a must try! Will absolutely be back!
Best Gyro I have ever had. So good on many levels. Been here twice in a week. Meat is tasty and the bread is so soft. The fries and onion rings are good too. I have ate at the restaurant and ordered to go. Both are good options. They have a bunch of high chairs but I have not seen any kids using them. I got my Gyro and fries for $7.50 which is good. This place is not fancy but has really good food.
Been to the Gyro House many times, and have not been disappointed.  Gyro's are great and blows My Fat Greek out of the water.
The best middle eastern food in AZ . I loved there gyro and falafel . I will love to come over here every time I come to AZ. The owner is amazing cool guy .
Great good.  Cheap.  Had a gyro and salad.  Totally worth the visit.
We found these folks by accident and have been going back on a very regular basis.  We love that it is run by a family and they have phenomenal service.  I have tried all of the specials and never been disappointed.  On friday nights now, they have belly dancers and other entertainment.    If you live in that area, you owe it to yourself and your tummy to give them a try!!
This place used to be good. There was a change of ownership and if I had to review in one word, it would be:

GREASE

all the food was too greasy. The string beans side was swimming in oil. The beef in the shwarma was tough and chewy. The gyro was much better but it was still too greasy. The baba ganoush was so bad we threw it out, having hardly eaten any of it. Disappointing, won't go back.

2ND VISIT

I lied. We went back. A sequel so lame you could call it Grease 2. GREASE. SWIMMING IN GREASE. Gross.

Also the baba ganoush is stringy. I've never had it stringy anywhere else. Maybe somewhere in the world they make it that way, who knows. Don't like it that way. We had baba ganoush last night at Pita Jungle and it is sooooo good and it's not stringy.
Very food falafal and the pitas were fresh. The Baba Ghannouj was particularly delicious! The roasted eggplant flavor really carried through.
I have to say, growing up in Europe I am always hopefully to find a good Gyros here in the Valley. This location is next to my job and I decided to give it a shot even though it's in one of the standardized strip malls we have here in Phoenix. The place doesn't draw crowds I have to say, but when I went the restaurant owners and their family were sitting down for lunch and it was a scene straight out of a movie. That alone did it for me. I think they could do with a better location, but my reviews are always a combination of the atmosphere of a place and its food. The food I've had here is great but I just wish I wasn't always eating there alone. Definitely worth a visit if you're in the area and in the mood for some Greek food.
This place is amazing. 

The Greek Cheese friends - to die for.

The cinnamon apple tea - to double die for.

The Shawarma - the most amazing thing out of everything.

This place will become a new regular stop for us!
Best Gyros in town! I used to work right in the area and always wanted to try this place and man am I glad I did! They're Gyros are perfect! The price is great too! for $5 you get a Gyro and french fries. Not bad in my opinion. You can opt for a larger size Gyro and pay a little extra for those of you who need a bigger one, but for me the regular size was just right. It had the right amount of meat and the sauce was perfect! I had a Gyro salad one time too and I took out the pita cause I was trying to avoid met and it was an AMAZING salad!
Love the family owned business especially in our unique area. I would by no means call this area ghetto or seedy as some previous reviewers had. The area has survived the test of time, may need a little update but still has the same upper class, down to earth people like the owners of this restaurant. They keep it real and appreciate their clients and not try to keep up with the Jones to the east of us. The food is excellent but make sure your not heading out on a date later because the garlic has the gift that keeps on giving. My favorite is the falafel, fresh and not greasy.
not only is it a great place to eat -but it's definitely got the capability to serve those when they need  catered meal....unbelievable menu options for catering and every single one of my guests had nothing to say but positive thing's.local family owned business that I would recommend anybody looking for great middle eastern food!
Came in for lunch. Nice little place, very friendly staff. Had the beef/lamb gyro and it was excellent! Would absolutely eat there again!
Great food, and fast service!
I've been here 3 times in the last week for lunch since I'm working nearby. Had the regular gyro and chicken schwarma (spelling?) and both were really great. This is how a gyro should taste in my opinion. 

Don't be fooled by the meager exterior, this is a charming place with great food that is priced just right.
I love mom and pop business but this one really takes the cake .. I nearly always get a gyro and Greek fries , it's inexpensive , fresh and the service and personable family who run it can't be matched in the valley ..
Everything is made to order and some of the entrees I have had are just phenomenal .. I give this place 5 stars for the food and service alone .. Also they have BYOB and there is a little liquor store a few doors down that has a deal to give a discount to patrons ... Friday nights they have belly dancing and they also have hookah ..
What a great find! Family ran, homey restaurant. Nothing fancy inside but the food is delicious and the service is warm. And there was belly dancing too!

My husband is on a low carb diet so he had the Greek salad with gyro meat. He said it was delicious and he didn't feel the least bit deprived. I had the falafel sandwich with Greek fries. The falafel was perfect. The seasoning was delicious. And the Greek fries... holy moly. The feta and the sauce that came on them. To. Die. For. 

They are BYOB with a $5 corkage fee. Still a great deal compared to the excessive markup of alcohol in restaurants. 

Definitely one of the best Mediterranean restaurants in the valley!
A great local restaurant, great food great service I couldn't ask for more. The owners are very friendly and always making sure everything is perfect.
Finally got to try a gyro here and boy is it delicious!!!! Their Greek salad, fatoush and thyme wrap are all so delicious as well. Can't wait for my next cheat day!
Great food, clean , friendly, good price and a lot of amazing food. What I order, gyro sandwich, small side of hummus with pita bread and/or French fries or substitute with Caesar salad or Greek. Don't forget to get the baklava. Such a delicious treat all under 20$!!!!
This little restaurant is a diamond hidden in the Arizona desert. You might never know of it unless a friend recommended it because it is set far back in a plaza on Shea. I have been eating there for about 5 years (probably 2-3 times a year) and they have hands-down the BEST gyros in town. Also, I would die for their french fries and tzatziki sauce. I always do take out because I am a bit of a germophobe. It's dark and a little outdated, and the cleanliness level is meh, but I am willing to overlook that because it's delicious. Don't judge the food by the front of the building, just try it and you'll want to eat there for the next few days!
Ate here on a dummy run for a party booked later in the year. We arrived at 7pm on a Friday night to a cavernous, slightly daunting empty space, saved only by the smiling staff and the most delicious aromas wafting around.
As we sat drinking our wine (the restaurant is byob, bring a screwtop or your own corkscrew) and eating our way through some of the tastiest lamb ever, the tables around us began to fill. Actually we lingered so long over our meal that these tables filled, emptied and filled again. And never, not once, were we made to feel unwelcome or rushed. 5 hours we were there; a personal best!
The restaurant decor isn't everybody's cup of tea with red walls and solid wood tables with low legroom height.
But when it comes to food, you would find that it is just out of this world, everything is just well cooked and well presented with dishes similar to the usual middle eastern menu but with a hint and under Kurdish names. 
I might have not emphasised on this enough. but, simply Put, this is one of the best you might get in Edinburgh.
My friends and I came here as a celebratory meal after exams. After we were seated we soon were told (to our horror) that they didn't serve alcohol . This doesn't really ever define our dining experience except this was a celebratory meal of rather gruesome exam period.

Too ashamed to get up and leave we proceeded to order. Our food came and to be frank with you it left me feeling very indifferent. Despite the exotic feel to the shop, the food was rather bland and well uninteresting despite their names. Food from this area is usually rich with spices but it felt like they forgot half the spices and gave us a bland variety which I guess the great British public would consider exotic but for us (mostly international students from areas close to that region) left us feeling a bit cheated. We also wanted to smoke a (rather overpriced) sisha pipe but were told we couldn't cause it was too early in the day (?).

Having said that the service was really efficient and friendly. The view from the windows is grand as you look down on Old Town rooftops.  I hope this was a one-off experience and their cuisine has improved a bit since then. Some friends of mine who went (not those who were with me) said they really enjoyed their meal. I hope to come here again... watch this space.
If you are in the mood for Middle Eastern food, Hanam's is without a doubt the place to go. Situated just off the Royal Mile, Hanam's is right behind the castle and so it is in an ideal location for all the tourists to reach. 

Hanam's specialise in Kurdish and Middle Eastern food and the interior of the restaurant is decorated with bright cushions and throws, creating an authentic atmosphere. Their menu offers a huge choice of authentic Middle Eastern cuisine, including hummus, falafel, baba ghanoush, shawarma and shish kebabs. I have been here several times for lunch and I absolutely love the place. I completely adore their vegetarian kebab, where the vegetables are marinated in the most amazing tomato sauce that was full of fresh spices - yummy! Their wee balls of falafel are also amazing, tasting really fresh and it comes with hummus which is freshly made. The prices are pretty reasonable, with starters and side dishes costing about 5 and main courses priced at around 10. 

The staff at Hanam's were super friendly and welcoming. I love this restaurant and will definitely be going back soon.
Hanam's is situated on Victoria Terrace off the Royal Mile and serves Middle Eastern and Kurdish style food. The meals are not particularly cheap and not particularly special; my main course was basically a chicken kebab with salad, and cost around 9.50. The food was more like a higher quality version of a kebab shop, and though it was enjoyable it was hard to see why you would go there for a sit-down meal.
Outside however, you can sit on Victoria Terrace above Edinburgh's Grassmarket and rent out a Shisha; there are a variety of flavours, the staff will keep them working and they even provide blankets if it gets cold. Hanam's do not serve alcohol, however they are happy for you to pop up to the Castle Rock pub, which is a couple of doors down, if you cannot last a whole Shisha without a boozy drink. So if you're looking for somewhere to relax and watch the world go by, but you're not hungry, Hanam's is a great option.
Hanam's, a Kurdish restaurant, is conveniently located across the street from the Hub, and just down from the castle and at the top of the Royal Mile.

The proprietor meets you at the door with a smile. Hanam's has a friendly feel. With its bright white tablecloths, the whole place feels clean and fresh (the toilets were notably clean too!)

The menu offers lots choice- including vegetarian. Within each section (starters, mains etc.) the dishes are interesting and exotic (to the likes of me at least). It's something different from the ubiquitous usual Indian or Chinese. All the dishes come with rise and Kurdish naan.

I went with two friend and we shared three dishes. one sweet dish with apricots, one based around okra and one spicier aubergine dish. There could have perhaps been a little more flavour in the latter two but they were still delicious. Between this and the rice it was surprisingly filling. For the sake of this review I thought we should sample the very tempting dessert menu. We settled for the sharing platter for two (which was actually fine for three) which included various little sample sweets like baklava and ice cream.

As an other reviewer has pointed out, Hanam's does not serve alcohol. Presumably this is because it is Muslim restaurant, so I think we can look past that. They do however offer many alcohol free drinks including a traditional yogurt drink, which although I didn't particularly like, am glad I tried.

Hanam's is highly recommended.
I love Middle Eastern food so was excited when I heard there was a Kurdish/Middle Eastern restaurant in Edinburgh that I had yet to try!

My boyfriend booked us a table at Hanams for Valentine's day so I was thrilled to give it a try. The restaurant itself is very neat and tidy with a cozy, Middle Eastern-themed (go figure!) atmosphere. There are lovely large wooden tables, cushions on the bench seating, flowing curtains and traditional lighting.  The smell inside is also amazing as it smells like barbeque and/or grilled meat!

There are a variety of dishes on the menu and prices are fairly reasonable.  It should be mentioned that it is BYOB but they do have a selection of soft drinks, juices, teas and coffees. We shared a starter of three dips (hummus, babaganoush and a yogurt/tzaziki style dip) with a large piece of naan bread.  It was quite tasty (the hummus was our personal favourite) but we felt we could have had a bit more naan bread with it. However, we had plenty of dips left over which we kept for our main course so it all depends on how you look at it I guess!

For our mains, my partner had a lamb gosht, which consisted of tender lamb pieces, potatoes and carrots stewed in a lovely tomato-based sauce. This was served with a generous bowl of basmati rice, which was nicely flavoured with cloves and various spices.  I had a chicken wing/chickpea curry type dish which was also served with a large bowl of rice. We then got another piece of naan with it to share.  Both main dishes were delicious and we were quite pleased with the flavours and the size of the portion.

For dessert we shared Persian saffron and cardamom ice cream, which was lovely! At first I thought the flavour would be overpowering but it had a nice aromatic flavour.  It's hard to describe but it was definitely worthy trying!  I had the mango juice to drink, which was quite nice and my partner had the chai tea.  

Overall we were pleased with our meal. We enjoyed the atmosphere and we felt the prices were fairly reasonable for being in a touristy area. Our bill totalled roughly 40 pounds for both of us, which for three courses (albeit two were shared between us) and drinks was not too bad.  Some things could be a bit cheaper, for instance, the starter was almost 8 pounds for one piece of naan and 3 small ramekins filled with dip, but as a whole it was affordable for a Valentine's night out.

There are also set meals for 2 which I think total about 35 pounds and include three courses. The couple beside us had that and it looked like they had a great selection of things to share between them. I think I would get that next time I went!

My only complaint, although not enough to put me off going there again, was the service was a bit lack-luster.  While the staff were fairly friendly, I felt they were not as attentive as they could have been. We were seated before a few tables yet were served after them.  We also had to wait quite awhile to flag down anyone for our bill.  Overall though, these complaints are minor and the restaurant is definitely a good place to go if you are interested in trying this type of cuisine or already love it!
We walked to Hanam's near the castle from our rental apartment.  It was pretty unassuming and even though it was early, the tables were beginning to fill up and it smelled pretty darn good. We were greeted immediately and, with our party of six, they quickly put some tables together for us. 

FYI...I'm going to get some of the dish names wrong here so I apologize in advance. And, yes, it was a bummer that they don't serve alcohol but I respect that and took the opportunity to have some juice instead (hmmmm....would've been good with some vodka in it ;-)

We started with the dip trio with naan. Came with baba ganoush, hummus and a yogurt / cucumber sauce and it hit the spot....dips were very good overall with the baba ganoush being the slight weak link and the hummus the standout favorite. Naan was very good as well.

The kids loved the chicken kebabs and this is a rarity as they usually dont like any spice at all. Other folks in my party had lamb (reported as very good and nicely spiced), chicken kebabs, and another vegetarian dish. I had the Tapsi which was a vegetarian stew. Very savory and excellent flavor with eggplant and cauliflower in a tomato and olive oil-based sauce.  It was served with a white long-grain rice....maybe jasmine or saffron? They also passed out a chili sauce and a yogurt-based sauce that I think were supposed to be for the kebabs but I "borrowed" some for my dish and it was delish. 

All in all a pretty good experience. As an Edinburgh visitor, it would probably make my go-back-to list if I were in the immediate area. If I were a local, I would do a little more searching and I'm guessing it might still be on my top list of Mediterranean places.
I'm a big fan of Middle Eastern food, so apologies in advance for the gushing review!

I'd been trying to visit Hanam's for months, but whenever I turned up every table would be taken by happy diners. Eventually I managed to get a table (in the festival no less) and I was not disappointed. Good service, good food, and good wine (of course! I chose it myself in the wine store as Hanam's is BYOB. Very helpful for the bottom line). 

My other half and I both ordered lamb dishes, and they were absolutely delicious. The big naan breads we got went down well too. I've noticed in Edinburgh's Middle Eastern restaurants the naan's are far less stodgy than those found in Indian restaurants.

The humus was a bit strange, and tasted quite shop bought. But apart from that Hanam's is pretty good for a munch.
Okay, I'm very divided about this review.

First of all, let me say that the service was absolutely top-notch. Very friendly staff and lovely ambiance. And because of that I really, really, really, wanted to give this place more than one star,  but in all honesty, I can't.

Here's what happened last night: I was with a group of friends and I ordered a starter as a main (I tend to eat smaller portions). While the rest of my friends seemed rather happy with their choices, one was very happy the rest meh-ish happy, I received three falafel balls on shredded lettuce with a small cup of humus.

It was so disappointing, I don't even know where to start. The falafel were deep fried for so long that they were clearly burned on the outside, dark-dark brown almost blackened. There was no moisture, none, left in them. The shell of the falafel, what should have been a thin crispy crust, had turned into a half an inch thick uncrackable concrete-like substance. I had to hack away at it (really) with my knife to get at the inside, which was dry and tasted like sawdust with a tiny hint of chickpea.

AND because I didn't want to ruin my friends birthday by complaining about my food, I ate it like a good little girl and suffered a massive stomach ache for the rest of the evening. No wonder, those balls were so hard they would have shattered like glass had I thrown them on the floor. And that's also what they felt like in my stomach, shards of glass.

Now, the rest of the group was -let me reiterate- okay with their choices. No matter that the bread that came with it was kinda bland and the humus was ... well,... meh. 

Maybe I should give this place another chance, but I really don't want to suffer through another brick-induced 6-hour stomach ache again. This was a horrible experience.
I think Hanam's is great if you want juicy hunks of meat on a skewer, but less so if you order anything else. 

I've been twice, both times had the mixed kebab plate, and it was AMAZING. Tender, delicious, beautifully cooked pieces of chicken, lamb and minced-lamb kofta. 

But other people had a variety of underwhelming mushy stews, and my vegan friend said hers tasted like .... a bowl of spinach. "It's like they made the recipe for lamb and spinach and just left out the lamb without adding any other flavour".

I'd agree with Lou, below, about the felafel, too - you could use them as weapons. The stuffed vine leaves head in the opposite direction, being too soft and floppy. 

So - if you want a delicious feast of meat, this is great. If not, maybe not ideal.
Very low key restaurant.  Do come hungry.

Ordered the lamb gosht with pomegranate rice, washed down with a bottle of Portuguese non-alcoholic beer.  FYI - there are no booze in this establishment.

Lamb was moist and charred in the right places.  Mouthful of raisins (or sultanas - whatever) in every bite.

Our Turkish waitress was friendly and chatty.
Great food. Great shisha. But bring your own booze. They only sell non alcoholic drinks. Other people did bring their own wine tho
I really wanted to like this place, however I found the food to be lacking in flavour even the Chilli Gosht Kebab lacked heat, the green chillies (all 2 of them I suspect) seemed to be for colour and effect with the flavour removed!

As for the veg shila sauces that accompany dishes like the biryani, the two I tried were just uninspired and not in the least bit interesting.

Two stars because the staff were professional and friendly, however I won't be back... Perhaps Middle Eastern food just isn't for me.
I booked Hanams for a team night out for 7 people - it was a hit! The food was extremely tasty and ideal for group sharing or basically "getting stuck in"! Very informal atmosphere. The service was a bit slow but in a way it was nice to be left alone when in a large group to pour your own wine. The quality and quantity of the food was top notch. Particular mention to the falafels! Yum. We did a complete school boy error though and chose 7 different starters to share amongst the 7 of us. By the time the mains arrived, along with an abundance of rice and bread (no stingy portions to be seen), we were all far too stuffed and our stomachs had to kick into greed mode.  

The BYOB facility the main selling factor for me in choosing a dinner venue for a larger group however it's also worth noting it's an ideal venue where you have a token vegetarian or vegan in your group!

I am looking forward to trying it's sister restaurant - Pomegranate.
I came here with a friend to smoke shisha a few weeks back. They don't have a separate area inside to smoke so you have to sit at the tables outside. It.was.freezing. And our umbrella blew over on us... This place has some pretty decent food, but if your looking to smoke shisha with your dinner, a better place that has separate smoke rooms that are warm is "Pomegranate" over in new town.
Hanam's is one a restaurant i've heard a lot about but for some reason never seemed to actually go to.  but after the boyfriend's friend decided her birthday dinner was to be there, i was walking through the door on a saturday night.

now the place was moderately busy, but it was only 6pm which was the only time she could get a booking for a large group.  in fact people who were coming in as we sat down were being turned away if they didn't have reservations as the majority of tables were reserved.  i really liked the look of the restaurant, lots of colour and dark wood.  maybe a stereotype but i felt like it made it feel a bit authentic.

menus are fairly straight forward and have all the dishes you would expect that a middle eastern restaurant would have.  i went with the falafel wrap and asked to have the halluomi starter as a side dish as well.  despite us being a large party the food arrived fairly quickly which was nice, but made me wonder if a lot of it was pre-made and then reheated.

my falafel wrap was tasty, but i found the falafel a bit crumbly which made eating things a bit messy.  there was side dish of tahini to go with the wrap but i used the garlic sauce that came with my halluomi instead as this was tastier.  the tahini was actually really bland which was a disappointment.  my halluomi was tasty as well, being fried and slighty crisp on the outside.  my boyfriend enjoyed his shwarma wrap and the rest of the party seemed to enjoy their dishes as well.  so perhaps a more meaty option is the way to go in this restaurant...

we didn't have dessert and just got the bill.  in total it was about 13 per person which is pretty cheap for a saturday night out so definitely a plus point there.  the restaurant is BYOB as they serve no alcoholic beverages, but they also don't charge you for corkage.

so yes a cheap meal that was fairly tasty, but i left not being super impressed or wanting to plan a return visit in the short term.  this is usually what i look for when rating a restaurant, but that said i did enjoy Hanam's and if i was looking for some place to eat in the old town, i would give this place another try.
There aren't many places to eat al fresco in Edinburgh, and when those 27C summer's evenings hit, every outdoor seat is jumped upon. It was on such a night that I wandered through Old Town thinking of where to eat, as anywhere inside would have been too stifling. Turkish food and hot summer's night seemed appropriate meal-fellows so when a spare table at Hanam's on the terrace overlooking Victoria Street and Grassmarket appeared, I jumped on it.

First off, they don't sell alcohol. It's BYOB with all beer, wine and cider on the menu being "dealcoholised". And the pear cider is pretty sweet, just like drinking pear juice with pear drops added. So for that cold corona in the sun, best bring your own.

The menu is a typical Turkish menu. All of what you would expect. The trio of dips we ordered came with a surprisingly nice, big, fluffy, puffy bread that was like a mix between a naan (in appearance) and a pitta (in taste). Two of those in fact. The baba ganoush was smoky, the houmous a reassuring chick pea, and both ample servings.

For mains, my vegetarian dish had promised potato, aubergine yellow pepper in a tomato sauce. And that is what came. Although it was mainly potato with only one piece of aubergine and some celery, and a few bits of pepper. I counted. It was a bit sad. I ordered it mainly for the aubergine, and for 9.95 it felt a bit steep.

My dining partner's lamb dish was lamb on the bone (I think shank) served with a spicy chilli sauce, flavoured strongly with cinammon. I really liked the taste of the cinnamon, but the lamb was quite dry. Not super dry, it still "fell off the bone" in a way that it does when it's been slowly cooked. But perhaps for too long, and sitting out after too. So it was 50/50, nice on taste, but not great on texture. And there wasn't enough sauce so again, a bit dry.

The waitresses were friendly and coped well with the excessive number of customers scattered along the terrace. It is a nice outside spot with a view over the mismatched rooftops, with Arthur's Seat peeping over the top and the sun setting behind. It's perfectly acceptable for this infact, and I did enjoy the view and the setting. The meal was nice, fine, but left me a little uninspired and wanting more. But for a rare extremely hot summer's night in Edinburgh, I think this might the the standard for al fresco dining. A little yey and a little meh.
Pretty darn good hummus, falafel and schwarma.  Downside: knowing the location probably warrants a high rent, the prices were pretty exorbitant.  Lunch for 3 cost over 60 quid (and no booze).
I want to like this, but I am not able to. The owner is lovely. The food is plentiful and tasty. the service is fantastic. 

So I hear you say:  what is your problem? 

Every single time I have eaten here I have had issues. This is just me as none of my fellow diners on 3 occasions has the same issues. 
There is something in the spices or flavouring he uses that just doesn't agree with my digestive tract. Poor me. As the food is delicious and succulent. I have eaten lamb stews, kebabs and curried meat (goat, I think) here. All were yummy! 
But inevitably I will get a stomach upset.

So Hanams.. It is not you. It is me. 

So I really do want to like Hanams, but I just can't.  Call it a gut feeling.
4 star ambiance 
4 star naan
4 star eggplant side that came with biryani
3 star hummus/other dips
1 star biryani

I sooooo wanted to love this place. Kurdish cuisine?!? Awesome. It's decorated very lovely inside with beautiful lamps, textiles, and other art from the Middle East. 

The naan was tasty as well as the eggplant dip. The hummus was okay as was the yogurt with cucumbers. Overall everything here needed salt. 

The Kurdish style chicken biryani was a real disappointment. I would give that one star if I could, but the bread and eggplant that came with the biryani made up for it. The biryani tasted like it was DAYS old. The peas inside looked shriveled and old. The chicken had a weird crust on it that only old food gets. You all know what I mean. I'm sure they had made it days prior and microwaved it for us. The menu description made it sound so heavenly, but I urge you to take a pass on this dish.
Ah it were a February Wednesday night and Lucie suggested going for some nice Middle Eastern cuisine. She has been going on about us going here for ages but finally last night we made it.

The first thing that hits you when you go in is the smell, strong wafts of BBQ'd  meat.....I knew this was a carnivores restaurant already - this makes me happy. The restaurant itself it really nicely decorated - lots dark reds and Kurdish/Turkish frunishings. The friendly staff quickly make you feel at home and are fast to help you get your BYOB wine open - with no corkage charge to be seen which is a credit to them.

For starter we had the Mushakal sharing starter, this was a delightful selection of the houses favourite starters, complete with hummus and a fresh side salad. My favourite was the Dolma, marinated vine leaves stuffed with aromatic rice.

After considering the mains very carefully we both opted for the Mushakal Kebab,
a generous helping of 3 skewers of minced lamb, chicken breast and lamb fillet. The star of the show for me was the lamb mince. It had so much fklavour going on. Wrapped up in some of the plentiful naan with some garlic sauce it was delciious. The chicken was juicy and tender with a light marinade, the lamb fillet was little bit too charred and being fillet had gone a bit tough being overcooked. The flavour though was very nice.

Overall I liked Hanams, I would come back very happily and enjoy some more of their Middle Eastern delights.
Excellent service our waitress Mak was very friendly and efficient. We were in Edinburgh walking around and went in on a whim, the place was not very crowded but the food and ambiance was excellent. We had the Kebab and the daily lunch special very tasty. Note the naan cannot be finished by one person :)
Impressive de-alcoholized beverages list... and friendly service.
DELICIOUS is all I can say. Never ate in a Kurdish restaurant before, although this place is Kurdish & Mid eastern. The flavors are wonderful & potent. The naan bread to die for & VERY fresh too. Service excellent. Atmosphere very pleasant. We sat inside but they do have outdoor seating as well. Highly recommended
Heads up, Guy Fieri, while this place shares its very small parking lot with a Shell station, it is no "gas station food"! 

I just had lunch with Sam. Literally. When I asked where he got his delicious dolmas (grape leaves stuffed with rice and herbs) and he said his wife makes them, the skepticism was on my face. They were perfectly formed and the flavor was intense. He backed it up by showing me his personal lunch from home and sharing it with me to the detriment of the fries in my combo which I was unable to finish after gorging on meat-filled dolmas, stuffed cabbage and squash (none of which are on the menu). And, for the record, his wife's cabbage rolls are AMAZING and should be added, at least , as a special! 

So, while dining with Sam he explained that he hails from Chicago where he owned and operated a similar establishment and has come to the Valley to join his sisters, one of which owns King Gyros (http://www.yelp.com/biz/king-gyros-phoenix#hrid:66ywkbFKsg_1IA03dK_JSg/src:search/query:king%20gyro) which boasts its own 4 star Yelp rating after 16 reviews. 

Besides the dolmas ($3.95 for 6) and some of Sam's lunch from home, I enjoyed a falafel pita combo ($5.99). A lot of times falafel, similar to meatballs but made from ground chickpeas, is dry and demands the accompanying tahini sauce and then tastes of nothing but sesame paste (blech!), but this falafel is moist and flavorful. Sam serves it with tzatziki sauce instead of tahini and since I can't stand tahini anyway, this is a bonus for me! 

I also tasted my friend's gyros which was ginormous! He ate half, if that, and was bringing the rest home -- the pita was overflowing with moist, well seasoned meat. 

I'm not a hot dog girl, as I've mentioned before, but Sam is very proud of his all beef Chicago dog ($1.99) which he cooks on the grill; still, an Italian sausage ($3.25) is more my speed. 

Without a doubt, I'll be back to Sam's!

P.S. The fries were hot and delicious and had a yummy seasoning sprinkled on them. :)
Meat-a-palooza!  these gyros are total meat fests, and darn good ones at that!  I ordered one to go and when I got home and unwrapped the meat sprung forth from the pita in a luscious, tender cascade.  The onions and tomato were beneath the meat, initially making me fear there were none, but alas, the veggie bits were hiding below simply the overabundance of sliced gyro-meat (I know its supposed to be some sort of lamb mix, but let's face it, gyro meat has its own taste).  Was that dill I tasted in the sauce?  Mmmmm, it's good.  Piping hot, moist, tender, and I cannot believe I almost ate the whole thing.

I also ordered the hummus appetizers which was serviceable but not outstanding.  doubt if I will order it again, but only because I'll be tasting other menu items to see if anything can compete with their gyro.
So this place is really good. 

Gyro, stuffed with meat, tender yummy meat, plenty of sauce, soft warm pita. Onion and tomato 

Frys, hot, fresh, seasoned and plenty of them. 

Service, as expected... Excellent. I love when people ask how it is. 

Location, next to NOT IN a gas station on the south east side of the road.
I have always, since I moved to Arizona ten years ago, been fond of the great food found in the numerous strip mall restaurants in the Valley of the Sun.

Sam's Gyros, run by the splendid Sam and his assistant Amy, is one of the best that I have recently encountered.

Sam, a former Torontonian, serves up great Chicago-style dogs, burgers & spectacular gyros that are ripe to bursting with tasty meat, tomaters, and onions.

I have yet to try everything on the menu, but I'm getting close.

Sam is a very good guy, and he even makes me a special "Sam-style" breakfast, which consists of gyro meat, fried eggs, tomaters and onions, and spiced to perfection.

After eating this breakfast, you will need to take a nap, or a long walk; personally, I prefer the nap(s).

They even have Mexican Coke !

Well worth a visit or three. Thanks again to Sam & Amy.
Totally an unsuspecting place.  You see a place next to a gas station and you don't assume good food but Sam's is actually pretty damn good.  Decent price for a gyro combo that includes pretty good fries and a soda.  Can't hate that.  The gyros are huge and full of all sorts of goodness.  Still not the best gyro ever...but pretty good for "gas station food."
Sam's Gyros is now open on Sundays !
Sam's Gyros is great. I'm a sucker for good, quick gyros and I dare you to find another place that has a gyros platter that contains more food (two people can share it easily.) Comes with a greek salad, and a huge pile of rice (basmati, I think) alongside the ginormous serving of succulent gyro meat. 

Sam and his wife are always in the store, and sometimes their son (I think...) mans the cash registers, too. They're super-sweet. I've also run into doctors and nurses from JCL when they're picking up food before their shifts. So if you need an impromptu medical consult while you wait for your dinner, I'm sure one of them would be happy to oblige. But, seriously, good food, reasonably priced, huge servings...if you're in or near the 'Slope, hit it soon.
This was a decent when I visited. I found the tzatziki sauce to be a little lacking, but the gyro was solid otherwise and decent fries. Very quick service and solid quality for a fairly inexpensive price. Not the most amazing gyro I have ever had, but solid.
I've been driving by this place for a long time thinking... "someday I've got to try that out". Recently, after a stellar review from another neighborhood yelper, I decided to finally take the plunge.  I went in for a very late lunch, so I had the place to myself. I introducted myself as a first-timer and was taken very good care of as I vascillated back and forth trying to make a decision as to what to order on this first reconnaissance mission.

I finally ordered a gyro sandwhich AND a falafel salad as I was taking the food home and figured I could pass off the leftovers to my hubby that evening.  The food did not disappoint.  As others have stated, the gyro was STUFFED and overflowing with well-seasoned tasty meat. The sauce was delicious.  I will not hesitated to order it again.  The falafel salad was also scrumptious with 5 generous sized falafel balls on top of a salad with peppers, cucumbers and tomatoes. I particularly enjoyed the dressing and the fact that the salad was chopped into small easy to manage pieces -- yes I'm a diva about such things.

Overall yummy food...more than generous portions...friendly staff.  I love that I've found another neighborhood treasure!
Dropping a star. 

Service was blah, more like whattcha want?

Gyro was mushy, the meat was not cooked enough, i think there was an issue with the spit. The bread was not cooked enough, the sauce was darn near flavorless.
four stars for what it is a gyro stand.  Sam is from Chicago and knows what he is doing.  Not as fast take out as you get in Chicago but every bit as good.  Eat there at least once a week.
Place is great! Family owned, friendly service, clean and awesome Gyros at a really fair price. 
 
What more could you ask for?
Excellent food! My only complaint is they are closed sundays.
Have been doing take out for the gyro and had a souvlaki plate in. Both time great. Being from Europe I do miss Mediterenean food and it satifies my graving. However, I still miss the real charred flavor of the souvlaki with the tzaziki sauce, greek style. This comes pretty close. Love the rice.
The delicious meats, spreads and other concoctions are worth the trip.  The decor, the lighting, the location, not so much, but I put food over decor 9/10 times.

The restaurant that was in this location before left such a bad impression in my mind that I wanted to try this new one quickly. I'm really glad I did.  We went here for a quick bite and wound up having a feast.  Their menu is ambitious, many types of Middle Eastern and Greek influenced preparation styles, each achieved with great success.

The menu features everything east Mediterranean from lamb chops to kibbee to grape leaves to kafta.  The prices are a bit high, but when you look at what you get, it really is a good deal.  The owner was happy to beam about the fact that everything is brand new, everything is made in house and under his watch.

We had the platter for 2.  Now, I'm cheap and a grad student so $25 is a good chunk for a weekday dinner for me, but man was this a bargin.  1 of each: beef kabob, chicken kabob, chicken kafta, beef kafta, hummus plate, salad.  Huge stack of pita, 2 falafel and 2 beef kibbee.  Everything was excellent.  The kabobs were excellently grilled, the falafel was crispy on the outside, fresh and moist on the inside.  The sauces that came with (garlic, tdaziki and tahini) were all great for everything on the plates.

The decor needs a lady's touch and I really hope they spend a little cash in there to fix it up.  The location is prime for selling $5 gyro sandwiches til the cows come home (or at least til the lambs do), but if they want their excellent menu to keep the customers coming back they should fix the lighting and decor.  The old place was like a prison cafeteria, food included.  Out with the old!

I'll be going back for a sandwich for sure.  And with the combo for 2 coupon for $22 they gave us, we might be seeing the huge boxes of leftovers in our fridge again soon.
I'm sorry, Tasty Kabob, you are no longer by go-to venue for meat on a stick.

The kafta and kibbee are the best I've ever had, super savory and perfectly spiced. Chicken is - rarity of rarities - tender and juicy while at the same time well-seasoned and seared on the outside. Hummus had great flavor, although I will take Pita Jungle's any day for texture/consistency.

An all around fabulous meal for the money.  And a huge amount of it!

If they hadn't let a color-blind kindergartner do the interior design (cartoon flames!?) it would be a near-perfect skewered-beast experience.
Food was good but I can't say I was terribly impressed overall.  The food kind of took a ridiculously long time even when only one other table was in the restaurant.  The appetizers came out fifteen minutes after our main meals - we had figured they forgot about it.

Tastewise, things were decent but not quite memorable.  I had a chicken shawarma and the whole ordeal was filling but a bit on the bland side.
I went to Flaming Kabob for the 2nd time today.  The first time was around  10pm and today was at 1pm.  Both times I got the shwarma plate.  At dinner it is $15 it comes with shwarma meat, rice or fries and soup or salad.  From 11-3pm it cost $10 with a little smaller portion.

They do have some cheaper stuff if you get the sandwich version instead of the the plate.

The meat seemed different both times I went.   It's nothing to call home about but it hits the  spot especially having the soup or salad first.   Today the food seemed kind of old, the meat were smaller pieces and more dry then when I first went and the  bread was kind of hard.  I'm not a picky eater so I'm not hating on it.  

Overall It's a good place.  I would go back.  It's halal  and  that is hard to come by sometimes so alhamdulillah.
I was starving so I gave in and decided to check this place out. Small place, nothing special inside (which really does not bother me) but good service. The hummus was very good and the pita bread tasted very fresh. They do have a very large menu and prices are very decent as well considering the large portions. My entree was meh- like I said I was starving so it did the job. No alcoholic beverages of any sort. Entree did come with either soup or salad (large salad) and either rice or fries. Had the rice and salad which were both alright. 

I did leave with leftovers but couldn't tell you if it was because i was just too full or my taste buds just weren't really diggin' what I was throwing in there. 

Heard about it, tried it, don't have it down in my datebook as of now to head back.
This is one of those place where you drive by, and you see a catchy sign that says something ridiculous like "$5 lunch" and you say, "Sure...why the hell not!"

One day, I was driving by and I literally said..."Sure...why the hell not!" I needed lunch, was a little tight on cash, so I popped in for a quick lunch, and much to my surprise, I was treated to a perfect Gyro lunch for five bucks.

The food was great. Nothing was stale, or old. The pita was fluffy and delicious. The lettuce was fresh and crisp. The meat was juicy and tasty...it made you feel like you were in the middle of a bazaar in Turkey, Armenia or Lebanon. So delicious.

The guy that ran the joint was pretty cool too! He'll make small talk with you, and he is passionate about his restaurant. I dig.

The bathroom was relatively clean too. 

Also, you can bring your picky-eater friends here. There is something for everyone. Chicken. Beef. Seafood. Vegetarian. Even your supermodel friends who just want to sit outside and smoke and drink Evians.
I can't  say enough about Flaming Kabob, both the Tempe and Mesa locations.  The food is always fresh and good quality.  The portions are large.  My favorite is the chicken kafta, which is a well seasoned ground chicken kabob.  Both the sandwich and the platter are great!  I get the rice as a side and love how moist and flavorful it is, especially with the almonds and raisins.  The service is always friendly and polite.  The owner is always present at one of the locations and greats everyone with a smile and friendly hello.

Give this place a try, you won't regret it!
The only time I've actually been here I didn't get anything. But then I came to find out that they had catered some food for an occasion.

I'll be straight with you. Their 'flaming kabob' or whatever is amazing. Seriously, its a visual piece of art. I aspire to have sear marks like they do on their kabobs when I grill. I'm not kidding each kabob is visually appealing, has perfect sear marks, and looks like a clone of its brother. They also taste very good, perfectly seasoned with just the right amount of spices. However, for some reason every time I get to try their kabobs, they tend to be a little dry. This could be due to the fact that I always get their kabobs when it is catered at some event. I won't take off too many points for that, but I can't state that the kabob is perfect for the same exact reason.

The rice and hummus is pretty good as well. I'm not really into ride personally, but their yellow raisin rice is quite fantastic. When you couple it all with some hummus, everything sticks together well to complete the meal. I'd say its well worth a try.

Since I have been there once, but eaten the food many times, I will note that the place lacks decent decorations and has average service. That shouldn't take away too much from the experience though.
Everything here is delicious.  How do I know?  I always split the dinner for two combo which has an incredible amount of food, and a huge variety of their offerings.  We always take 2 boxes full home in leftover.

Everything in that platter is delicious.  Their meats are incredibly juicy.  Their kibbee (king of like a hush puppy with moist ground beef inside) in incredible.  Their kafta is so moist and flavorful.  The salad has a simple but delicious oil & vinegar dressing with some herbs in it.  The rice has raisins and cashews which is unique too.  The food could easily feed 3, maybe 4.  

Very friendly staff, good service and good food are all I need.  This is another one of the very tasty Middle Eastern restaurants in Tempe and it is just as good as the other well known ones in the area.
Sooo good! I'd like to come here every time I visit family. I loved the salad and the pita bread is so fresh. I ordered the Chicken Gallaya which was amazing.  The waiter liked to joke around with the cooks so that was fairly entertaining to watch. This place has made me excited to try more mid eastern food I can't wait to go back.
My boyfriend and I got the falafel sandwiches with fries for dinner.  I was not a fan of the fries, but it was the best falafel sandwich I have had in the States!  The owner came out while we were eating and told us about the history of the restaurant.  It was great fun and really cool to chat with him.  When you go be sure to get the whole story for yourself!
A-OK. That's the description for 3 stars. It was a solid place, good food, but I can't say it was my favorite Middle Eastern restaurant or had the best chicken shawarma I've ever had. The prices were great, and the hummus was delicious, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here. It was conveniently located across the street from the Improv where we were going to see some comedians. That's probably what I appreciated most about Flaming Kabob.
Flaming Kabob in three words: yum and cheep.

I have eaten here several times since moving to Tempe, and I'm a fan.  Their food is tasty, quick, made-to-order, and inexpensive.  Plus, they have GREAT hours!

I'd like it if they'd go a bit easier on the tzatziki on their gyros, but it's no deal breaker.
I'm doing something I don't usually do, but I'm changing my rating from four to five stars.  I've been here at least a dozen times since I first wrote my review, and I started thinking to myself "there's got to be a reason I keep coming back so often..."

The reason is simple.  The food is fresh, fast, and delicious.  The portions are good, and the spices and ingredients are perfect for the dishes they serve.  The prices are also killer: six bucks for a sandwich, fries, and drink, or six bucks for two sandwiches.  You can't beat that.

For a quick casual meal, this is a great option.  There are other places closer to my house, but I still drive the extra five minutes to come here.  The food is great, healthy, and very satisfying.
I thought this place was very good and considering we WERE going to go to the Persian Room, that's saying allot! There was only one waiter for the place and he was not the most pleasant, but he was quick responsive. Just wish he would have written the cost of the sodas on the tab. Nit-picking aside, this place was great, my boyfriend and i shared a combo plate and were both pretty full afterward. I would definitely go back.
We recently called from the office for delivery from Flaming Kabob... and that was a flaming mistake.  The pitas were pita-ful, the 'fresh' juices a watery mess, and the fries were actually melted into their plastic container.  I have no experience of eating inside the restaurant and am unlikely to do so after this disaster.
Super nice amazing place.. Unbeatable taste of Mediterranean food

I went to four different kabob resturants in Tempe and Mesa and i got an idea that kabob restaurants are all the same.. Same kind of food with slight differences in spices, quantity or may be the service
But when I went to the Flaming Kabob at Mesa location it was absolutly different.. the place is really awesome and the Combo plate was amazing specially the falafel and the rice. The lintel soup was really tastey..
Very good and quick service. I insist to meet the chef to tell my opinion and she was really nice and chearfull lady
Flamming Kabob will be my restaurant every time I have to come to Pheonix
We've only been in PHX a few years and my wife and I really love Mediterranean style food. We've tried a few places around town and have been looking for a place in East Valley that has good Med food at reasonable prices. You can tell this family bought an old chromed out diner restaurant. Doesn't look Middle Eastern in the least but the food was good. $5 for a Chicken Shawarma? Nice!. And a big plate of delicious rice for only about $6. I took my wife and 2 college age boys there and we enjoyed it. 
The tables didn't look real clean though and that was a bit of a turn-off. That's something they need to focus on. But our utensils seemed clean and of course our sandwiches were mostly eaten right from the wrapper.
Hopefully they'll make some cosmetic adjustments.

We'll be back again.
The food is excellent, of that there is no doubt, but the service recently has completely gone down the drain.

When we ordered from them we were told thirty minute delivery time - it took an hour. We ordered three gyros and more and only half the order was delivered. When we called to make this matter known we were met with a rude manager that could barely be bothered to fix the service issue. 

It's been an hour and a half since the original order was placed and we are STILL waiting for our food. Food that was paid for in full.

Absolutely terrible customer service.
Nothing fancy, but the food was good and inexpensive for this type of thing. The counter guy was pretty new, learning the job, but he did a decent job. It took a little while for the food to come, but you expect that for the type of food. There were three of us so we tried a pretty good assortment of food, and everyone was pleased. 

I'm usually more long winded than this, but what else is there to say? Not a place to take a date, but good, inexpensive, Mediterranean food.
got the lunch special. nothing special about it. pita and french fries were store bought. I asked for no onions and guess what I got. would not go there again.
Went in here on Thanksgiving night and props for the place being open. Tried the Chicken Gallaya, which came on Tin foil inside the box, along with some excellent rice that was studded with raisins and nuts. The Gallaya was in a brownish sauce with a bunch of mushrooms, green peppers, some onion and nice big chicken chunks. Also got the Greek salad on the side, which is kind of small and they forgot the dressing, but there was at least was some feta cheese. A small side of lemon chicken rice soup tasted burnt and pita bread was average. Probably should have just got a gyro, but meal was decent, if not slightly over priced at $15.
I like the half chicken meal. Good service. Good food.
Gyro sandwich and mint salad rock.
You can't go wrong with the $10 Chicken Kabob meal.  I love the rice and the mint salad.  The chicken is done just right and always tastes good.
I do like other med places around the valley a lot more, but I don't have anything to complain about here (well technically I do...)   My Sis and I stopped in for take out the other night.  I ordered the chicken schawarma and asked to have soup and salad, because I did not want rice or fries (I wanted the rice, but was avoiding more grains in the day) They accommodated me, so I appreciated that a lot.  I also ordered the cobra juice (carrot, beet, apple, carrot, radish) and it was amazing. I could hear the juicer in the back fresh prepping and the juice tasted like everything was very very fresh.  My Sis ordered a gyro meal and hummus.  When we got home, we saw the did not give me the soup or the taziki asked for, so we had to go back, but they were apologetic and that is all I care about really.  Finally I got to eat, I was happy about the very fresh veggies in the salad.  My complaint would be that there was very little flavor in any of the food.  The chicken was bland, the garlic sauce helped and taziki for the salad, because there was no salad dressing.  I tasted my Sister's gyro and it was very good, the hummus was good, again not the best, but good.  Overall, the amazing juice, fresh veggies and yummy taziki helped me enjoy the meal, so I was happy to have an ok and very healthy dinner.
The gyros are okay, just okay.  Way overpriced but real quick on deliveries which is a plus.
way too expensive! $27 for the worst dolmades i've had and 1 entree that was ok(edible) best part is when they called to get directions,i was reminded it was $27 plus tip!
The food tastes pretty good, however, the service is what makes this place a '1 star' for me. 

Both times I have gone there the server has gotten my order wrong and has tried to make it seem like it is my fault. For example: the first time I went there, I asked for a grape leave pita sandwich and he brought me a tabouli sandwich. I told him that  that was not what I ordered and he said that that was what I told him but he would get me the grape leave sandwich anyways.

I went back there again tonight for take out and told the server  that I wanted the daily special with a grape leave sandwich and a side salad, a side of rice, and a yogurt drink. He asked me if I wanted a side of pita and I said yes. When I got home, I opened my food up and all I got was a large side salad, large side of rice, pitas, and a yogurt drink. I called Flaming Kabob and told them what happened and the server said that he didn't charge me for a sandwich and that he charged me for what I got.

 I really don't understand how he thought that I ordered a large side salad when I clearly said that I wanted the Daily Special which was written on the board by the cash register and it said that you get a pita sandwich and a side. I also checked the pricing for what I was 'supposedly' charged for and it did not add up. I even gave him a dollar tip... which I wish I could take back now.

**Also, the side salad was horrible. It says on their menu that a side salad includes lettuce, cabbage, cucumbers, tomatoes, and dressing. The side salad that I got had mostly lettuce, a few tomatoes, and couple pieces of cabbage, and no cucumbers.
Great shawarma and great staff!! However, the number of the staff is low so you will to wait for minutes, but worth it!
Had to listen to the server and two customers talk about how they dislike America and that there own countries are much better.  Once they started bashing the US military we couldn't take it and left after displaying our military IDs when paying.  Food was okay.
I'll start with the not-so-bad: the food was fine. I shared the shawarma and gyro - they weren't spectacular, or great, but fine. But if you really want to try the food, I'd recommend takeout or delivery, since the service and environment really ruined the experience for me.

We went on a warmer night, and the dining room wasn't noticeably air conditioned. They had the door propped open, but it was still pretty warm inside. We were the only ones in the restaurant, but the food didn't come particularly quickly (maybe they were working on takeout orders as well?). We'd only had our food for a couple of minutes when our meal was interrupted by a pretty big moth, which had flown in through the open door. Our server started swatting at the moth with a rag, hitting the fans when it flew toward the light bulbs. As he swatted the fans, we could literally see dust falling from the fan blades. This went on for maybe 5 minutes, during which he stood on chairs and tables, and we stood outside and waited. Eventually he killed the moth, apologized briefly, and we didn't see him again until he brought the check. Frankly, it was hard to think about the food after that, and I wouldn't have been surprised if our meal had been complimentary.

Obviously, some aspects of the meal were anomalies, but some of them were pretty alarming regardless - things like falling dust, standing on tables, and rags being used for... well... not cleaning. Unfortunately, the food wasn't good enough to redeem the experience. I don't think I'll be back anytime soon.
Love this place! Eating there isn't the greatest, customer service isn't always great, but the food is amazing! From kabobs to falafels, you can't go wrong. We like to order the combo for two, which is really more appropriate for 3-4 people and it's cheap too. They give you SOOOO much food for what you pay when you get the combo. The chicken kabobs are another favorite of mine. The meal comes with yellow rice too & I love me some yellow rice! The delivery driver is super nice and they deliver late. Try it out!
I love this place, well flavored and cooked food
The food was fine . I went to this restaurant several times but last time Was very bad because the server does not know how to deal good with costumers
I love this place. Iv been eating the food here for the last 5 years it's been open and it hands down beats the local Mideast food. Yeah the service when you sit down in lack luster.. It's bad let's just a say it. But the food is very authentic and the owner very personable. I'd suggest calling in an order and bringing it home. But at least try the food!
Myself and my boyfriend both ordered gyros and they were amazing. The lamb was tender and the tzatziki sauce perfect. Was full after just one gyro, no appetizers etc needed. Psst...Also they run a daily special now that is buy one gyro get one gyro free! 

Ended up taking some hummus and pita bread to go and that was our dinner! Very filling.
I would give negative stars if I could!!! I ordered my food with NO NUTS because of my allergy! Not only did they put nuts in my food the manager showed up and tried to blame me for it!!! Terrible! And now I'm breaking out in hives!
The food here is very good. I've gotten take out and eaten in the restaurant and both experiences have been enjoyable. The service in the restaurant is great. I have no idea what the people are talking about when they say the servers are bad. Ours was very kind and had lots of conversation with my boyfriend and me. He also gave us some extra food to try some stuff out! We have gotten the dinner for two both times and it has been more than enough food, especially for the price. It looks kind of like a dump from the outside, but the food is actually really good!

For the take out food we called and they said it would only take about 20 minutes to cook our food. My boyfriend showed up 20 minutes later and our food was ready to go. It was all wrapped up and warm. There was no problems at all and we had just as much food, is not more, than when we dined in.
Had dinner here one Saturday evening before going to a show at the Improv. It is a dive-y little place, which is fine with me, just know what to expect. Service was a little slow considering there were 3-4 parties dining. I had the gyro plate with fries and my friend had a platter with lentil soup. She seemed to enjoy it, my meal was good though not the greatest gyro I've ever had. Probably won't return
Food was excellent very fresh and hit when served.   The kabobs are excellent and and not filed with more vegetables than meat like other places.   The tra tastes like it Yes fresh brewed.
DON'T EAT HERE! The food isn't very great, tiny portions and the "waiter" forces what he thinks he should be tipped on to your check all on his own. 

This place sucks. While the food was simply OK, the portion was as small as they could make it. The service on the other hand was GARBAGE!!! We walked in and the waiter or buss boy or whatever he was just stood there telling us about food while we waited for him to show us a table. So I ended up sitting down on my own and he followed me. He forgot my friends order or fry's TWICE, he didn't check on our drinks once and to top it off he added a 15% tip to the check on his own? Never had that happen before at a fast food restaurant with a party of 3 people.  I will never eat here again, this place SUCKS!
Great grocery store for halal meat and what not. The restaurant is better for take out food as there is very limited room to eat there.
I can not explain how much I love this place!  The food is authentic, high quality, and very reasonably priced.  We always get Afandi's when we have a party - we even had them cater our wedding party and everything came out beautifully.

I also make a point to buy my chicken from their butcher counter, as I trust that it is fresh and from a good source (unlike regular grocery stores).
The employees here are very rude.
Excellent fresh middle eastern food. Only 3 tables here, so come to get take out or be prepared to eat outside or in your car if you don't want to wait. When we got there today all three tables were empty. The babaganush was fresh and smokey, the hummus was tasty creamy and good. I had a falafel and it was made with care and pickled vegetables in a thin wrap. The falafel balls were tasty and well fried. My husband had a platter of chicken kabob chicken kafta and falafel which came with hummus...all fresh and delish! Highly reccommended for your middle eastern fresh food fix!
Fabulous fare. Fair prices! Plenty of healthy options. We absolutely love Afandi!  My faves:  Fattoush salad. Grape Leaves. Hummus. Baba. Tabouli. Shish Tawook.  Indepependent, family-owned business with reasonable prices and outstanding service.  My husband also loves the sandwiches and kibbe. Very, very casual (just a couple of tables inside and out designed for a quick bite).  Counter service. Most of the time I do carry out but today we dined inside at a table with a friend. They also have a meat counter and small market with very reasonable prices on quality items.  Great service, too.  I frequently order items (grape leaves are always a hit, as are their salads) from Afandi and bring them when I go to a pot luck event rather than cooking myself! They do catering and their food is always a hit. (I frequently buy meat from their butcher counter as well.)
I have an Iraqi and an Eritrian friend and co-worker who order from here on almost a daily basis.

The extent of my sampling it limited and I will update when I have tried more things.

the hummus was pretty good..definately had better but the texture and flavor were spot on. The falafel I got the past few times was in a wrap and was actually really good, but it did need to loose alot of the grease that it brought. Shouldn't have have fingers like you have been eating at Popeye's or Harold's chicken when eating falafel  IMO. 

I also tried what appeared to be  Loukoumades but I cant be sure. These being fried actually were less greasy than the aforementioned wraps and were very good.

All in all not a bad spot but prob not somewhere I will frequent on my own time.
Who needs a fancy Middle Eastern restaurant when you have this place! The space for dining is as small as it gets, there isn't waitress service, and there are no fancy folded napkins or hookahs, but it is hands down one of the best places I've eaten in Vegas so far for the buck. 

The food is fresh, portions are very generous, and just plain delicious! If someone in the group doesn't enjoy foreign foods, they do offer very cheap, American burgers for the boring people hehe ;). Dishes come out rather quickly and they are willing to alter spice levels to your liking. My favorites were the chicken and garlic side dish (forgot the name ?)

Can't wait to go back!
This place is amazing. I'm from Los Angeles and whenever I come to Vegas to visit my family, I can't leave without eating Afandi. Being a huge fan of Middle Eastern food i'm always exploring different places and hands down this is one of the best places i've ever tried. The garlic spread is delicious and their lamb/chicken kabobs are cooked to perfection. The prices are good and the portions are generous.
This place is the best market in town! Love it
We order from here quite a few times a month... pretty convenient for picking up pretty good food... we enjoy their schwarma and kafta hallabi... can be a little slow if you are deciding to eat there & not very comfortable surroundings.  All in all, food is good...

your constant companion,

~deirdra
Full disclosure: I'm white and have never been to the Middle East.

I had the best Shawerma of my life 5 years ago at Mediterranean Oasis in Naperville, Il, and ever since then I have been searching for something so good in Las Vegas.

The beef shawerma here was absolutely fantastic. Tons of beef, great tahini, and fresh vegetables all served wrapped up and super hot.  It was under $6 after tax, and right now I never want to live a day in my life without having another one. I concede that I will probably get tired of it eventually, but right now, there is nothing else for me.

The market attached offers other goodies at low prices, and it adds to the ambiance. The place is definitely not a full sit-down restaurant, which is part of the charm. I only interacted with one or two employees, but everyone was kind and welcoming to an obvious outsider.

For me, there was one word to describe it: Wow!
So I go in to order dinner for carry-out (you cant eat in the "restaurant" because it seats a total of 3 people) and I start telling the cashier what I want.  A guy comes out from the back and says they are closing in an hour (actually it was 4:45 and the sign said they closed at 6:00) and he is not going to start cooking anything.  I said "Please.  You don't close for more than an hour".  He says "No.  Its too late" and then turns away and starts talking and laughing with someone.   Maybe they don't need the business.  Today Afandi lost a customer.
This place is my favorite kind of restaurant, a small place that few people know about, dishing out amazing food quick and relatively inexpensive.

Super friendly Iraqi lady working at the counter is gracious pointing out the things they do well.

Best lebanese/middle eastern food I have had in Vegas.

Shawarma and falafel are excellent, great portions. 

Might want to order to go, on account of their small dining area.

I love this about Vegas, that there are these little diamonds on the rough you will find if are willing to step out of your comfort zone.
Small grocery store and dining area.  Both very limited.  I think the place is Iraqi.  The food is good, but not amazing.  Prices seem a bit high.  I like having this place as an option, but it won't be my first pick.
I could not resist and went back to this place again.  The food is so good.  I just wish the people were nicer.
Came in to grab a late take out lunch- saw the chicken shwarma praised in other reviews and ordered the sandwich. Half of the shop is a grocery and half is a restaurant. After placing my order, I I wandered around the grocery portion while waiting for my order.

Earned an extra star for having my favorite cheese here! It's a sheep milk feta, and it's in the back refrigerator in a square metal can with a pull-tab lid. Brand stars with a V, I never remember what it's called but you'll recognize it or you can ask for it. It's $14 and overpriced (you can find it for $10 in SF) but damn good.

Back to my takeout order.
Walked out with my food under five minutes after placing my order, it aws hot and fresh and had just been made.Sandwich was heavy and large, wrapped in several pieces of foil, probably about 9-10" long.

Got home and devoured it- chicken was hot and fresh but a tad underseasoned, veggies and pita were fresh, but the garlic sauce was a little light for my liking. Per the menu, the garlic sauce is garlic and olive oil which is a little boring. Overall, I found the ingredients to be of good quality but the sandwich seemed to be a bit on the bland side.
Good food

Great for general halal meats and cooking ingredients.
Afandi is the place to get kibbe and baba ganoush. The baba is the best in the city, with a mild smokey flavor and just the right amount of Tahini. The kibbe balls are done well with traditional meat and onions on the inside and, again, with the right amount of spice. The regular cucumber, tomato, lettuce salad is an authentic Lebanese salad and tastes almost identical to my grandmother's, with lots of lemon juice, garlic and mint. It still tastes great the next day.

New to me is the Afandi meat, which is like a spicy meatloaf kabob.  Not quite sure what spices are used, but it's delicious, especially when topped with the onions and parsley provided with the order. 

I have not been cooking at home lately, but was pleasantly surprised the adjacent Afandi market has a meat counter, where I could presumably request a special grind of meat for dolmas, if I ever make the time to cook those again. 

Just a heads up, when ordering take out, it takes a while even if you order in advance and show up 15-20 minutes later. Not sure why.
I love this place! Great little market and fast food restaurant. Love their falafel and fattoush salad. They also sell amazing lamb hot pockets. Love markets like this!
This place has everything you need for a Middle Eastern meal. They also have a small restaurant if you don't feel like cooking tonight you could always do takeout. The selection is great and the people are very knowledgeable about Middle Eastern products and if you don't see something u need they will order it for you.
Pita Shack just took over Greek Chef in the Whole Foods shopping center at Rural and Baseline. The menu is a bit different, but still has your standard gyros, shawarma, and kabobs. At first I was a little sad because I did like Greek Chef. The owner seemed like a nice guy and the service and food were always good. Not to mention the fries were awesome.

We went there Saturday expecting to go to Greek Chef. They had only been open for 3 days, so there was still some confusion when my wife asked for no onions, but everything came out just as we'd ordered. To my delight, the food was actually better than Greek Chef's. The gyro meat had a little more spice to it and everything just seemed a tad fresher. 

Hopefully they can get organized over there and keep up the good work. I know we'll be coming back. Go check it out and support a nice local place. It'll be worth it.
Went here for dinner as i saw this place had changed from being the Greek Chef to Pita Shack and wanted to see what was here. The name is quiet deceiving if you were to go on name only and are expecting something like Pita Express with just a variety of pita sandwiches; this is more of a greek/Mediterranean/mid-eastern place along the style of the nearby My Big Fat Greek Express. They basically took the menu of the old place and expanded to include a few more items and have changed a few things.

As for the food i ordered just a gyro sandwich which was priced pretty cheap at just under $5. After I ordered and sat down then one of the owners(at least I think owner) came over and asked if i would like to try the lentil soup on the house. I said sure and he promptly brought me a bowl. Must say it was pretty good soup, i usually add pepper to my lentil soup but for some reason the flavor of this kept my urge to do so at bay. It was spiced just right, hot and thick not too watery. 

The gyro it self was only ok mostly due to the meat being only luke warm. The flavor of the meat was good but the tzatziki sauce was the real winner here with a good blend of flavors and not overly garlic like with most places. The pita itself was also good nice and warm. Tomatoes were also nice and ripe. This also had a huge pile of meat.

While i say 3 star with the meat being a bit warmer this local owned business will surely be a 4 star and I will be back soon
Sometimes you just want to give an A for effort...

Or maybe more than three lame stars.  As the two other previous reviewers have pointed out succinctly, the man who I assume to be the owner was extremely nice.  I made the 1.5 hour drive from Tucson to watch Avatar at Arizona Mills, and my friends and I decided to grab a bite before heading back.  We randomly drove down Baseline and pretty much stumbled upon this place.  Traffic going westbound towards the 10 was insane.  I mean it was bumper to bumper past Rural.  Anyway, I ask the guy who I assume is the owner why the traffic was so bad.  At first he didn't know, but then realized that the 60 was closed.  He politely recommended that we head south then cut across to get back to the 10.  

I ordered the Jerusalem Falafel sandwich. It was pretty good.  Though, in all honesty, falafel is not one those kind of dishes that one can gush over.  In my opinion, it's pretty hard to mess up deep frying ground chickpeas.  I ought to point out that the ingredients were very fresh.  This also applied to the side salad that comes with the combo meal.  My two friends opted for the gyros, and it looked good.  The meat was thinly sliced, which is somewhat different than others I've had.  They seemed to enjoy the meal, but I don't think they were quite overwhelmed by it either.  In fact, we didn't mention anything about the food during the hour and a half trip back home.  

The food is by no means bad at Pita Shack.  It's adequate to serviceable in terms of Mediterranean food.  The positives regarding the food have to be its freshness and price.  In fact, I spent no more than $8 for a sandwich, salad, and drink.  The service, as noted previously, is undoubtedly the most shining spot of the place.   As we were finishing up our meal, the guy who I assume is the owner offered us lentil soup on the house.  We declined after being quite filled and satisfied from our respective sandwiches.  I believe another reviewer had the same thing happen to him, and he had positive comments about it.  Now, for me it's was the food that really matters.  Accordingly, I gave three stars, as opposed to the four that I was close to giving.  Should I ever return to the Tempe area hankering for food in a pita, I would most definitely give Pita Shack another shot; if only to support a genuinely nice guy's business.
Honestly, I'm not typically a fan of Mediterranean food. I don't like gyros, I don't like feta, and salad gets old quickly.

But a good friend of mine suggested I check this place out and try the chicken shawerma sandwich. It looked ok, and so I tried it. Instantly hooked. Without a doubt, impressed. The food was fresh and very interesting. The unique blend of spices was quite entertaining and highly pleasant. Very filling, and yet not loaded with junk. If you're going to eat out, and eat healthy, this is the place to go.

I recommend this to anyone - even if you're not a fan of the cuisine style - you will find something to like here.
02/17/10

Definitely not a place to go on a date; The Pita Shack is strictly utilitarian-- you're here for the food.  I've only visited once thus far, and chose one hit and one miss.  The hit was the gyro sandwich.  Loved the moist and thicker Greek-style pita that came w/ the gyro meat; The two paired well.  Too bad that the beef w/ hummus didn't fare as well... The hummus was lacking in the flavor department, and the dry beef chunks really didn't help.  I found myself favoring the Greek-style pita to lend some of its tender texture to the dry meat and rend the whole dish more palatable-- the crisper thin pita wasn't doing this dish any favors.  Do check out their homemade tahini sauce.  I would've preferred it to be slightly more viscous, but the flavor was on point!

The baklava looked tantalizing, and after being told theirs did not contain pistachio, I bought a few pieces.  Alas, upon closer inspection, these pieces DID contain pistachio chunks, not just crushed and sprinkled on top, so the cashier/manager took the pieces back.  Me so sad :(
I enjoy gyros quite a bit and after not having one for awhile I thought that would make a good choice for dinner tonight. 

The gyro has a healthy portion of meat with some tomatoes (onions were held) on fresh pita served with a side of tzatziki. I wish I had more tzatziki given the amount of meat I had.  The gyro was $4.95. I've probably had gyros in the past cost at least a dollar or two more with half the meat.

Planning to go back and trying some kabobs or I may just settle for another gyro.

The menu has many options with the mediterranean flair and has items strictly for vegetarians.

Very casual atmosphere inside. .

The soda fountain serves Pepsi products.
Finally, after months and months of seeing a lil Greek place here every time we go to Whole Foods, my wife and I made it here for lunch today.  We would normally go to Big Fat Greek Express, but we decided to be a bit crazy because hey, this place could be an amazing hidden gem.

The inside is pretty unremarkable.  A few tables and 2 kids working behind the counter.  Not really any decor to speak of aside from a few posters on the wall.

I ordered a gyro and it was very good.  I have to say I like BFG's gyro better.  I don't like how thinly the Pita Shack slices their meat.  It did have good flavor though and they do give you a decent amount.  The salad that came with my meal was good as well.  Again, BFG's is a bit better.

We ordered a side of hummus and pitas to share.  The hummus was eh and probably came from Whole Foods or Costco.  The pitas were no bueno.  They were tough and chewy.  My gyro came on a different pita for some reason.  It was excellent.  I just don't understand why they don't serve their hummus with the pitas that they serve with their gyros.  Weird.

I hate to say it but BFG just beats this place on all fronts.  You get your food quicker, the prices are better and the food is tastier.  Anyway, it wasn't bad and I would like to try more of their food to possibly earn them another one of my stars.
I had lunch at Pita Shack for the first time today. I had this taste in my mouth for the creamy sauce and some pita meat. Whoah! Did I get what I wanted and more. Their gyro is DEE-LICIOUS! I think it was gone in under five minutes. I got the combo and they are generous with the fries, as well (which are crispy, yum!). 

I'm very excited to go back again and have some more. Dinner?
This place is not in my hood but would definitely make the drive to this place over and over if it stays as good as today!

I felt immediately welcome by the cook and cashier when i walked in...I asked what they recommened and both said the chicken shawarma...I ordered the sandwich with the new garlic sauce for lunch today.....WOW.   The chicken was perfectly spiced and fresh along with the pita and other vegetables.  The prices are low too.

  This was my first time, and since it's an independant shop i'm hoping will stay consistent.
11/09/10

Was going to Whole Foods to buy a few staple items when I was hit w/ a craving for falafel.  Remembered there was a pita shop next door, so popped in after dropping some cash at Whole Paycheck.  (I actually am a fan of WF and am willing to part w/ some cash to get bread and organic uncured thick-cut bacon my system can actually stomach!)  Service was friendly, as always, and I even scored a whole piece sample of their delicious homemade walnut-filled baklava!  (It's topped w/ pistachios, so those w/ a mild pistachio allergy could just peel the top layers off, and you're good to go.  Believe you me, the remainder is well worth the $2 (or maybe less... IDK, I didn't pay!) you'll fork over for it.  :)

The falafel patties were huge!  However, just like the hummus they're made w/, they weren't very flavorful, but I liked the crunch of the patties, even if they were on the dry side.  The extra sides of hummus and tahini didn't really add any flavor, but they helped to mitigate the low moisture content of the falafel.  I wouldn't buy another falafel pita here (2 stars), but the friendly employees, clean environment, and the complimentary dessert deserved an extra star!
It is refreshing to be the recipient of some good customer service.  When you try a new place, you want to feel welcome.  (Note. If you prefer to feel unwelcome, see my review on Temptations Cafe.). I believe that if I would have walked in and said that I thought that they had a buffet on Tuesdays, the cashier/waiter would have immediately said, "Why didn't you say so earlier?" I had the chicken shawarma entree.  It was really good in a good way.  Juicy with good chicken shawarma sauce.  A tahini yogurt something maybe.  It was undercrowded, so I hope that it become more popular with locals.  Come on Whole Fooders, its right next store.
Have to give this place five stars.  Menu is great, value is great but the cook Jose is the best.  Great customer service, really knows how to treat a customer.  He gave me a sample of the Greek fries yesterday and they are out-of-this-world good!
Very clean and Wow the service, speed and food was amazing! It's been awhile since I've had such great chicken shwarma. The Baklava is very tasty and fresh. I will definitely be telling my friends about this!j
i've been to pita shack twice and the first one was solely based on yelp reviews. i will be returning as much as possible- the staff is amazing, they talk to you, make recommendations, and generally make you feel like a valued customer. the food is also amazing- the lentil soup is super yummy, the veggie oombo authentic, and the chicken shwarma and gyros are delicious! definitely a place to check out if you're in the mood for actual greek/mediterranean food!
The food is pretty good, but furthermore the customer service is outstanding!!!!
The food is pretty good and the portions are very generous, the four stars is for their awesome customer service.
One of my favorite places to grab a quick lunch. My husband and I have been a few times and we usually always get the same thing but its always delicious.

I love the falafel sandwich. Its always made fresh to order so its always hot and crispy. Comes with lettuce, onion, and tomato. It also comes with a side of tahini sauce you can drizzle on. I always like to cover it in hot sauce too. Makes it taste so good. I tend to use my own hot sauce though because the hot sauce here is a weird bright red almost pink color and really watery. Not much spice there either. So I just use my chalula at home. My husband usually gets the vegetable pita which he likes as well. 

The vegetarian options are really cheap as well. Even if we get the meal deals where you can add on fries, soup, or salad and a drink we always leave here paying less than $15. Less than $10 if we don't get the deal. So for vegetarians its a great deal. 

The customer service is also really great. The shop is run by some really friendly people who are always willing to cater to my weird requests. We also had one weird time here as well where the credit card machine wasn't working and for 10 minutes we all tried to run the card until I finally decided to just walk across the street and get some cash. It was weird, but funny. But it looks like they got the credit card machine situation worked out because the couple of times we have been in since then it has worked fine.
I frequent this place during the week for lunch and have never been disappointed! The food is delicious and the portions are outstanding for the price. 

Extremely friendly service and it doesn't take them long to learn what you like. Always willing to cater to the guests. 
My one & only "complaint" would be I wish the place was bigger, sometimes it's hard to find a seat at their busy times.

You really ought to check this place out. Besides, it's hard to wrong with Greek food!
Why did I wait so long to come here?  I live around the corner from this place and just visited for the first time a few weeks ago.  Since them I have been there at least 6 times.  The Chicken Shawarma is amazing.  I love that they also give you a choice of sides.  The lentil soup is great and the fresh cut fries are always really good.  

The service here is really friendly and they are always happy to see you. 

Go to the Pita Shack.  You will not regret it.
I am absolutely in love with this restaurant. I get wonderful service every time I'm in there. It's a small restaurant and as such, they always remember our names and our orders. Their gyros are delicious and the cucumber dressing is perfect. The pita bread is fresh, the side salads are wonderful and so is the rice pilaf. The value is great. I really can't say enough about how much I enjoy this restaurant and encourage you to go out and try it!
I am glad we found this place. We live close by so it is very convenient. The food is awesome. I always get the chicken shawarma, it is very flavorful and comes with a great garlic sauce. The people are also very nice. I would definitely recommend this place.
Decent place for a quick bite to eat. I ordered the veggie combo plate that has falafel, dolmades, hummus, tabouli and baba ghanoush and had lentil soup on the side. The man working the front counter was sooooo nice! I told him I was vegan and he let me know everything that was vegan friendly. I would come back just because of how nice and helpful he was. Without me even asking he mentioned that they cook all their veggie things separate from the meat and they only fry veggies in the fryer. They even have gluten-free tabouli as they use quinoa instead of bulgur wheat.

The tabouli was good and I was very happy with the dolmades! The falafel was decent and so was the hummus.  I like my lentil soup spicy so I added Shiracha at home, the rice was a nice addition. The baba ghanoush had a great smoky flavor but it had what can only be described as a "fizzy" taste. From working in the restaurant and grocery business, I know that it had started to ferment which means it was either not stored properly or was nearing the expiration date. I was quite disappointed as I am addicted to baba ghanoush, but this can happen very easily with hummus and baba ghanoush. I will not let this deter me from trying the Pita Shack again as I really want to like this place!
Amazing chicken shawerma!  I got the entree, which came with a deliciously soft pita, rice, and side salad.  I think it was saffron rice - nice flavor.  Shawerma has the most wonderful spice - I have no idea what that is.  I wish it came with more tzatziki sauce because I love that cucumber-yogurt concoction!  I think it came with tahini also, but it's not my fave.  My husband got the Combo Feast and really liked everything (couldn't pick a favorite).  
The only weird thing was they close at 9p and when we arrived at 8:30p, the lady at the counter immediately said we'd have to take it to go since they close soon.  Awkward.  It did take them about 20 minutes to complete our order, though.  Fresh food takes time, right?  Glad we took the food and ate it in the car anyway.
Great gyros close to my house.  The fries are always fresh and the hot garlic sauce is tasty.  The owner is very nice as are his employees!
What a wonderful little lunch time gem! The last time I had been to this place prior to Thursday was nearly a year ago and boy have they improved. Walked in the shop and I was greeted by a friendly cashier who then explained to me the lunch specials. I ended up getting the Chicken Shawerma with lentil soup and soda for a little under $8. The Chicken was well seasoned, juicy and warm and topped with crunchy lettuce and sauce. The pita was also warm and had the perfect amount of chewiness. Under normal circumstances I would've gotten fries with my lunch combo but I'm trying to be a little more healthier (not really, it's just a clich thing to say). The lentil soup predominantly smooth with some smatterings of rice;  it had a welcomed curry finishing note which was appreciated. The place itself was clean and quite, I will definitely need to start getting this place into my lunch rotation.
Went to lunch with my brother, who was in town and my friend who happens to be a coworker too, and I knew at 8am this morning I was wanting a chicken shawerma sammie so waiting for it to become noon was killing me!!

I ordered the chicken shawerma pita sandwich, chicken was sliced just nice and grilled perfectly, it was severed with tahini and came with lettuce, tomato and onions, and I did order the combo and got some good steak fries ( those my friends are my fav cut of fries!!!) and a drink.

For kicks I also ordered me some baklava!! OMG DELISH!!! LOVE THAT STUFF!!!

The shawerma sandwich was just what I was craving, the pita bread so soft yet strong enough to hold the food, the flavor of everything was delish, was sad when it was all gone :( 

Pita shack is a great place and service is fast! I will be back!
Best Pita joint I have been to!! They don't use frozen pre-seasoned pita meat, their chicken shawerma is outstanding and the staff is always so friendly and willing to let you try something before you decided to order it. Even the owner works the counter just to make sure all of the customers are happy. I will continue to eat here for years to come!! They really hit a homerun at this store!!
I came here twice for lunch since I had a meeting over at Embassy Suites (VERY CLOSE)  just walk 10 minutes to the right of the hotel.

I had the chicken schwerma with sides of falafel.  The falafel sucked.  it was dry and seemed burnt even.  However, the schwerma was good.  The pita bread was a little less liked, but the chicken was nicely flavored.  

On the next day I had the shish kebab entree with rice and veggies and a soup.  Delicious.  That lentil soup was great and the shish kebab had great flavor.  Saffron rice is to die for.
Good food big portion, but dont pick the chicken shwarma plate thinking it will be anything like or as good as Haji Babbas..
How have I not reviewed Pita Shack? I can't begin to tell you how perfect their gyro is. You just have to go eat it for yourself.

The meat is not greasy at all, but not too dry. The gyro has huge, spicy, fresh white onions on it, along with some nice big tomato slices. Their pita is absolutely divine.

Their side greek salad is generous and the dressing is phenomenal.

The price is also right. It's not ridiculously cheap, but it's more than reasonable, and I absolutely love coming in to order my food.

I love Pita Shack and eat here almost weekly. I cannot recommend them enough! Do yourself a favor and come have their gyro!
Stopped by for a quick lunch on the recommendation of a friend and was quite pleased with the experience!  It's located in a small storefront of a fancy strip mall that has a Whole Foods in it too.  The inside is pretty bare bones, which I've found to be a good indicator of a good gyro.  Turns out, that's correct!  And I confirmed it with a gyro pita sammich.  

I got the regular one and a drink and sat down to feast.  The price was on the low end of average and the portion size was high side of average.  The gyro was a bit drier than I've had in the past, but it was way less greasy and oily than anything I've had before so it was a worthwhile trade off.  The taste and spices were spot-on and my only complaint was that they put the lettuce/tomato/onion on the pitta first and then the gyro on top, which made is a bit strange to eat.  Normally the veggies fall out when you eat it, but this time it was the meat.  The tzatziki sauce was also good, no complaints there.  

Last but not least was the service.  They were fast with the food and the guy behind the counter was super nice with some small talk while ordering.  Overall a great place and I will come back for moar the first chance I get!
AWESOME GYROS!!!! Finally, was wondering where to go for a good gyro in this town........

The hummus is good too...just ask for extra pita bread if you get the large hummus. 

This is a small, walk-up-to-the counter, restaurant. But, BIG flavors coming from the kitchen. The owner, a woman from Iraq, certainly knows what she's doing.
My co-worker and I went to Pita Shack for lunch today for the first time. I will have to say the food and services was over the top great. We walked up to the counter and was greated with a great big smile. We told the gentlemen that it was our first time there. He took the time to explain the menu and even gave us a lesson on how to pronounce dishes...I did a great job but my co-worker not so much.  The food is fresh not frozen and made to order.  I had the Chicken Shawerma sandwich and it was very very tasty. My co-worker had the greek salad and she ate every bite. I highly recommend this establishment. 

I will be returning for sure!
Great lunch prices and specials!!! My friends loved their chicken shawarmas.  For me the falafel was just ok, the pita itself was soft and delicious; decent enough to go back.
I love discovering a diamond in the rough when I least expect it. One of my best friends from Houston had come to visit me for my birthday, and she has a weakness for hummus so I decided to utilize my handy dandy Yelp app on my phone, and stumbled upon this little gem. When we both went in, we ordered baklava, and two chicken shawarma plates. As I write this, I feel myself salivating as I envision a steamy hot plate filled with pieces of tender chicken and hummus and pita bread.

I can honestly say that this is one of my favorite places to get chicken shawarma. The lunch rates are reasonable, and when I get my plate, I always opt for a side of fries. The food is filling, and throughout the duration of my friend's stay, we frequented Pita Shack a couple of times. The service is prompt, and the food does not disappoint.

In fact, I am considering going there later on to get my fix.
One of my favorite little places, the food and service here are top notch. Jose is a great guy and the rest of the stuff is super friendly / nice.  I've had all the wraps and they are all excellent. Especially recommend the Chicken Shawerma with a greek salad and a pistachio baklava.
Great place, food was fresh, reasonably priced and tasty!  Simple recipe for success. They gyro is amazing, the falafel and salads are good too. It appears to be a family owned "mom and pop" place and the kids were helping, which I thought was really cute. I can't believe I didn't try this place sooner since it is right around the corner from work, but so glad we did today. Will definitely be back.
Authentic and tasty food, very friendly owners and staff. Great find!
Absolutely delicious. Owners and workers are extremely friendly.

Steak shawerma, amazing.

Seriously the best Side Salad I have ever had.... Filled with toppings and great dressing...
This place was pretty good. 

I actually thought it was a Pita Jungle at first because I drove past it quickly and only saw the Pita part of the sign. Whoops! Either way, I enjoyed my first Med style food experience. I'd never had anything on the menu nor could I pronouce anything so the woman behind the counter was very helpful to in making suggestions. Love that everything was made right behind the counter. Wasn't expecting that much food for that price (almost $8 for drink, big box of fries and the wrap thingy) so I was pleased when she handed me the giant bag.

Need to ask for it without onions next time but I'd go back. Gave it 4/5 only because the inside of the place looked really run down.
Thoroughly enjoyed the food. Had the baba ghanouj, falaffal and gyro salad.

I liked everything except the falaffal, had weird after taste. Everything reasonably priced with nice portions. Best of all no pits olives.
Where do i even begin?, here is where we will start. It was a dark night, and we were craving some gyros. Who doesn't crave that? I read some great reviews of them and had to try it out.

Unfortunately this place really ruined my day. It was pretty busy when we walked in, but 90% of the people there had already been served and were eating, so we figured the wait wouldn't be bad at all. We (only 2 of us) ordered our food, no one was in front of us in line so our food went into the kitchen and we sat and waited...and waited. 10 minutes rolled by, no food. But we were starving. 10 minute wait isn't bad at all. A  man comes in and places a huge order, then a couple comes in after him and makes a small order... A total of 45 minutes later (i was watching the clock so this is not an exaggeration) the couple gets their food, and we are sitting there and waiting. 75  minutes rolls by, at this time i am pretty upset and starving (bad combination), the guy with the HUGE order gets his food. I walk up to the counter and ask. Is our food ready? They ordered after us and we are STILL waiting. I showed them my pay stub and time and told them what we ordered.

90 minutes rolls up (yes 1 hour and 30 minutes after we ordered) we FINALLY got our food! Am i kidding you or over exaggerating? I wish i was. 

Now it doesn't matter how good the food was at this point i was pissed. Needless to say, the food was mediocre and not worth the wait at all. What should you do if you are hungry and wanting some gyros to eat? You should go down the road a little to My Big Fat Greek Restaurant, because at least there they don't botch your order...

Usually i would give places a second try. This place i will not. Mainly because...There was no apology or acknowledgment of how ridiculously long we had to wait for food.

If you're a business you have to have better PR
First time I went to the Pita Shack was last summer and they didn't have the air-conditioning on, very uncomfortable.

Last week I gave it another shot, figured it was cool enough outside to be safe. Good thing, because no AC again. I got half way through my gyro and bit down on a small bone, cartilage, or something else. It freekin hurt my tooth. I didn't complain or anything, I just won't be going back.

Too cheap for AC, they probably cut corners with the quality of there food too.
I'd heard a ton of good things about this place so I tried it out last night, 4/4/13, for an early dinner.  The food was pretty good and I was served quickly.  However, I got the special posted on the door and at the register, but not the special price.  The same thing happened to the couple in front of me in line.  Both of our tables went back up to the register to try and work out the problem and had to wait over 5 minutes for someone to come out of the kitchen to help us.  Then we were told that we hadn't actually ordered the special, which I still don't understand because I used the words from the advertisement.
For mediterranean fast food, well, this was fast...and it was mediterranian.  We had a simple item, just the shwarma on hummus.  It was served with a smile, by someone happy to explain the menu in full.  When we forgot to ask for feta, that was quickly remedied for us.
A small restaurant, counter service, mostly tables, perhaps a booth.

Excellent pitas!  I've had the hummus pita - excellent!

And another time I ordered the gyro -  probably the best I'd tasted - ever!

I highly recommend.
Best Gyro in town IMO.

What I feel a great gyro needs:  Lots of meat, don't be stingy... and this place is far from stingy.  Must have a good sauce.  I don't want it watered down and runny, this place has a nice thick and flavorful sauce.  and Finally, the quality of that meat better be good, I don't want it bought presliced and warmed up on a cooktop.   It better be spinning before I get it.  Pita Shack freshly shaves that meat off, piles it high on a pita with some awesome fresh onions and a little side of that awesome sauce.  

That's really all I order but have had some bites from the girl friends chicken kabob which are very nice too.  They are generous with fries if you are looking for a quick gyro lunch combo.  Lentil soup and the side salad are other good options too.

Food is always fresh and tasty, service is always good.  There are only 1 or 2 other places where I think the gyro is above average in this town, and this place tops that list.
this place has super tasty food! for a casual dining place where you order at the counter and seat yourself, I was really impressed. I ordered the chicken kabob entre with a salad as my side. the salad exceeded my expectations - it was very fresh, the lettuce was crisp, and it came with a lot of toppings: bell pepper, olives, tomato slices, cucumber, red onion, and chunks of feta cheese. the dressing was a nice basic vinaigrette.

I was expecting my chicken to come on a stick, but it was actually just big chunks of chicken on a bed of rice with a side of lettuce, tomato, and red onion.  I didn't mind because it was actually easier to eat that way. the chicken was flavorful and juicy and the rice was delicious and cooked just right. it reminded me of something you would order at pita jungle, but it cost about $3 less here.

this is not THE BEST MEDITERRANEAN FOOD I've ever had in my life, but for $9 it was a great value and really tasty food. I'd definitely come back again!
My favorite gyro in Arizona.  This place is DELICIOUS. Excellent flavors, generous portions. I've eaten the gyro and it is fantastic. I also enjoy the side salad, which is giant and includes tons of toppings (onion, feta, olive, tomato, pepperoncini) and a great dressing. I've also had their gyro salad-- delish! And I've tried the fianc's tabbouleh and chicken salad. Yum! And on top of that, the restaurant is always clean and the workers are really nice. :) I would definitely recommend Pita Shack to anyone.
If you've ever had good Mediterranean food avoid this place. The pita was microwaved, the gyro meat was frozen, the  tzatziki sauce tasted like it was out of a bottle and the hummus had a very weird super fine texture (almost like it was made from a mix). I felt somewhat sick after I finished eating.

There was literally no one else in the restaurant despite the fact that it was Friday night which should have been my first clue. I wish I had gone to the Chipotle across the street instead.

Also, the women who as working the counter (that I get the impression was the owner) sat on her ass texting at the counting the entire time we were there. She didn't  saying anything like "have a good night" when we left despite that fact that we were only people in the place. 

I would never give this place my money again.
It's Tempe AZ... not Irvine or Laguna Niguel, and frankly, I was ready for Mexican. I really wasn't expecting a decent short list of Middle Eastern cuisine cafes. But yet, I found that short list on Yelp. Lucky for me, the yelp reviews for Pita Shack were all good. And even luckier, after driving into Phoenix around 630p, I was tired, but tired with an appetite. I lucked out..... fresh food, fair prices, and because I didn't give in to the burger joints from Indio to Phoenix..... I had an appetite. And... PS is only a couple minutes from the Embassy Suites, Tempe.

This is a small shop, with a clean kitchen, and they cook everything to order! Don't expect fast service (although it isn't a long wait either)... because they're cooking from scratch, so to speak. While the falafel mix is ready to go, they form your falafels, and then put them into the fryer. Your kabobs are cooked to order. The only thing that was already prepared was the lentile soup, which was excellent!

For a total of $24 with tax, I ordered the Combo Kabob Dinner with steak and chicken, rice, salad and soup, the 6 pc falafel appetizer, an "abundantly filled" gyro sandwich. While I'm not going to say the overall quality was better than our local Panini Grill chain, for a family run restaurant, I feel they're a very solid 4 star. 

My wife's side is Lebanese Brasilian, and I'm around spectacular Middle Eastern food on a regular basis. I even have my own hummus recipe... so for me to feel comfortable and satisfied with Pita Shack can be taken as a strong endorsement. When I'm in the PHX area on business, and if I'm staying at the Tempe Embassy Sts., I'll probably choose PS before any other local place.
Pita Shack has one of the best Greek chicken salads I ever had.  Dressing is fresh with a lemon zest and the Chicken also has a great lemon flavor to it.  If you like big Fat Fries then this is the place for you.  E
veryone is super friendly and nice.  I Highly recommend if you are in the area
First of all, THE BAKLAVA! The walnut baklava was possibly the best I've ever tried. The gyro was absolutely amazing and hit the spot. Came here for lunch, and the customer service was super friendly!
Atmosphere was decent/ clean. Service was good, they are friendly and fast. The Greek salad was decent but not the best I've had. The chicken shawarma was not very good, maybe it's just me, would not order it again.
I enjoy when the process is done right, everything just tastes better. And pita shack does it right. By only using fresh ingredients and meats. I had the chicken shawerma with Greek fries. The chicken was tender because they actually marinate the chicken for at least 2 hours. And the fries were golden with a perfect crunch and softness on the inside. I felt at home because of the great hospitality. I recommend this place to anyone.
Great food, friendly staff...will definitely be back.  Ordered a gyro with greek fries, both of which were delicious.  Not ready for this baklava yet (they had walnut And pistachio...so i got both, lol), but I'm sure it'll be amazing!
You can always count on some good quick food at the pita shack. Recommend the entree option as opposed to the sandwich. Been here numerous time and have always ordered the chicken schwarma. Although this place is small and located next to whole foods, you'd be surprised how tasty some of their dishes are.
Pretty good Greek food with above average Garlic Sauce and Greek Fries. The rest was pretty much middle of the road in quality. That garlic sauce is out of this world and truly the best Greek Fries ever.

Would get another star if it wasn't $13.99 for such a small plate of food.
This place is a joke. Whatever you do--don't pay extra for feta cheese cuz you won't get it lol! 2nd time this has happened. 1st time, okay I understand but 2nd time - now your just making free $$ .

Asked for my gyro with feta cheese, tomatoes & lettuce. Lettuce went missing too! My asst. Ordered a chicken pita & there was 4 very small pieces dried up pieces of chicken.

I called to today to let them know they needed to pick up the pace & not rip people off with feta cheese, & lack of lettuce and lack of chicken of my assts lunch. But the owner answered and told me to speak with the person who made the lunches!! Are you kidding me ? What owner puts their cook on the phone ? A lazy one!! Yes, the cook messed up but to put the cook on the phone to handle the situation ?! The cook even said it was unprofessional of the owner to put him on the phone. 

So, you will not get feta, lettuce, decent chicken or a answer from management/owner.. But the cook is forced to talk with angry customers! Lol! What a joke!
Love this place! I go as many times as I can in a week. Highly recommend if your looking to try something different.
I always see this place when I go to Whole Foods and I finally decided to stop in. I'm glad I did because it is delicious! I had the spicy chicken pita and when they say its spicy they mean it! I couldn't help but notice how clean the place was! There was nothing out of place! I will definitely be back again soon.
My first time there and the staff was super friendly and helpful.... And the food!!!! I got the steak shawarma and holy crap it was amazing!!! So freaking tasty!! I highly recommend this place!! You won't be disappointed!
Fast and friendly service. I've always seen this place, just never ended up going in. I'm glad I did it's delicious!
Food is nice. If you're in the area and looking for fast Greek food, this is a reasonable choice. The cooking seems talented enough that I wish they'd make some special dishes, but there's nothing out of the ordinary here.
Was good portion of food for the money. The staff was very nice and food came out quick. Will be coming back soon.
Really good food. But for a $10 combo there's almost no chicken.  WTH? Last time I was here I got a nice portion.
delicious and fast. the sauce on greek fries is addicting. my falafels were cooked perfectly, not overdone like most places. lots of people taking to go orders which means its good to me
Today my co-worker and I shared what we had to eat from here, then realized we felt the same about the food AND the cashier. No smile, no "welcome" or "what can I get you?", nothing. She just waits there until you start speaking and continues to have no personality. At least fake it, geez.

The only reason I will keep going is I'm in love with their Veggie Pita and Greek salad. Food wise, yum!
I love this place! Abdeen's has amazing Egyptian food at affordable prices. The restaurant has no license which means that we can bring whatever we want, BYOB style. Tonight they set a few hookah pipes in the parking lot and before long a dozen people were socializing. It is my find of the year in the 85306. Check it out, and have a delightful meal.
Being a vegetarian, I am always on the lookout for a good place and Abdeen has some of the freshest, best falafels near my school. They are divine. Combine that with super friendly service and affordable, graduate school friendly rates, you know that you've got yourself a deal. 

The falafel with potatoes sandwich is my fav!!
We tried their Gyro sandwiches ..they were sooo good!  They are very different from "normal" Gyros because they have a chopped salad type topping with onion, tomato, parsely, lemon and olive oil.  You get your choice of four different sauces. I tried the original tzatziki sauce and my husband tried the spicy one.  They were both awesome!  You can even mix different ones together which I'll try next time.  Very friendly people there.  This place will definitely be a regular take out spot for us!
Fresh ingredients, friendly service, a family-run, breath of fresh air to our neighborhood in Glendale! The two of us ate (take out) plenty for just over $20 plus tip. All of the sauces and things I didn't know what they were, rather than describe them to me, they had me try! Just like I was in someone's grandmother's kitchen; a good feeling. The kitchen is right behind the counter so you see your food being prepared, cooked and served. All the better to ask questions while they do it.

On the down side they were out of falafel and a few other dishes when I came in around 7pm on a Saturday evening. The place was deserted, I even asked if they were open. 

All in all a charming place and nice find of a new restaurant and gracious hosts. We will definitely come again!
WHAT! CLOSED ALREADY!  And we only just getting to know each other!  If you locate somewhere else, please let us know!
Any student in Edinburgh will tell you that Palmyra is an institution in its own right, and they're not wrong. With two branches near the university and surrounding bars/pubs, this is THE place to go when your late-night munchies kick in.

Whatever you're in the mood for, Palmyra have something to satisfy your junk food needs, whether it be a full-blown kebab, a pizza, the walking home staplefood of cheesy chips, or my personal favourite the humus and falafel wrap.

If your heels are hurting your feet, they have plenty of tables to sit at while you munch your way through your food, and the staff are always on hand with jokes and general banter. Or if you're keen to get home, they're more than happy to wrap everything up for you to take away.

In fact, my only criticism of Palmyra would be the opening hours. Only open until 2am, it does pose the dilemma of leaving a club early but getting food, or staying out later and going home hungry. However, the fact that it opens at 10am every day means they're always there to sort out your morning-after-the-night-before junk food craving the next day.

(Also at 6 Clerk Street, EH8 9HX)
Palmyra is a great place for a late night feast - whether you are returning from a night club with a few bevvies in you or from a massive study session the library and just need to get some for of comfort food - there is always something for you to enjoy. 

The food is great, and there are always massive portions (try the Shawarma kebab in naan rool, yum!) with the staff being some of the friendliest and funniest I know in any late night place in Edinburgh. If you decide to stay in the restaurant and chat with them, there are plenty of tables to sit and enjoy your food.
Best and affordable Lebanese cuisine in the area of Newington. 
I personally love their chicken wraps and their Babaganoush wraps. The wraps come in two sizes but medium will satisfy your appetite plenty. Even though it's open till late, it's not your average chipie- considering they don't even do chips or deep-fry anything!

The fact that my Lebanese friends actually come to this place themselves show that the food is close to the original.Don't get startled by the chattiness of the guys who work there, they like teasing at times. There is also a student discount of 10% and free delivery to your door!
Coming to the rescue of horrible, greasy, and often rubbery kebabs is Palmyra. Complete with mouth watering food, student discount and chirpy staff Palmyra is simply an outstanding place to top off an evening on the booze or indeed if your just feeling peckish. Generous portion sizes and tasty sauces have always lead to me being a satisfied customer, even if I do wake up the next morning with rancid kebab breath I'll always come back for more.
Doesn't look very special from the outside.

Doesn't look very special from the inside.

However, they have the *best* chicken kebabs I've ever had the delight to enjoy, anywhere. Plus the service is tip-top fast and there's usually a free table if you want to sit in. Authentic quality food from the Middle East.
I have taken many, many late night ventures to Palmyra over the last two years and it's been a life saver every time for providing decent hot food at post-club prices.  They offer a student discount of 10% on everything on the menu and do a special offer of only 3 for a nine inch margherita pizza.  The guys who own it are Syrian and are genuine and welcoming whilst providing good service to match.  
They're kebabs are excellent and the menu has a wide range of chicken, donner and lamb, each with its own combination of salad and sauce.  I once had a falafel in here and, although drunk at the time, I swore it was one of the tastiest things I had ever eaten.
The decor inside is nice and it feels a lot more civilised around lunch time with knives and forks, waiter service and a calm, relaxed atmosphere.  They have two branches on Nicholson Street and both of which do an excellent trade throughout the day due to the speed of service, the quality of the food and the general comfort of the place.  Whether you're looking for a cheap, quick and tasty place for lunch/dinner or a good munch after a night out, Palmyra is the place to go.
It's quite simply a waste to stumble into Palmyra ripped out your tits at 2 in the morning. Food this good should be feasted upon stone cold sober, otherwise you won't appreciate it properly. Lebanese cuisine might not be too well known, and there's no point in denying that it's incredibly similar to Turkish kebab house fayre, but in the case of Palmyra, it's approximately 100 times better.

I got a mixed kebab, plated up so I could make my own mini kebabs with the flatbreads and yoghurt sauce supplied, and can't describe it any other way than mouth-watering. The chicken had a wonderful barbeque flavour, the donner was wafer thin and not greasy at all, the service was quick and friendly, and overall it was just a perfect experience in pretty much every way.

As good a kebb as I've eaten anywhere, and right in the middle of a little hub of middle-eastern cuisine round Nicholson Square, Palmyra is unmissable.
This kebab/pizza shop is a favourite of students, and is especially welcomed after a crazy night out! They've got two outlets on the same street which strangely changes names every couple of feet:- so that's one on Nicolson street, walk southwards a minute or two and you'll come to the other on Clerk street. The staff are really friendly and never seem to change so it's easy to become a regular here. I've even been lucky enough to hear the troubled life story of a Palestinian member of staff, even if hunger did affect my capacity for sympathy. I LOVE their falafels, although I may have to coax them into adding a little more from time to time. However, do be a little more adventurous than I've been and try something else; having been there several times, it's proving difficult to sway me to try another dish, as great as they may look! From donner kebabs to pizzas, my friends have had the works, and I've only got smiling faces to report.. as for me, I'm loyally sticking to my falafel wrap!
I really have to agree here with the other reviewers. I normally wouldn't like this sort of place but somehow Palmyra manages to offer decent kebabs and wraps which are for once not greasy, salty fast food crap! 

Palmyra stays open late and caters for those trailing or wailing back after pubs and clubs close. However this place is probably best early evening when its not quite so busy or full of drunks but still has some atmosphere. Sit in or take away, Palmyra will put you right.

My personal favourite here is the fallafel wrap. Even the small size is pretty filling for me (and that's saying something). It's fantastic value for money! And the staff are really nice too. Some quirky regular clientele also make this place surprisingly atmospheric.
Palmyra has quickly become the pit stop half way through our retreat from a night out back home. In this role, it is verging on being the highlight of the night, it's that good.

The doner kebab is amazing.  The meat isn't greasy and surprisingly flavourful.  Presented in a wrap rather then with a pitta bread, it removes any of the usual mess associated with a kebab and offers much more taste.  The fallafels are delicious here too. I don't know what's in that pink sauce they add, but it's the perfect accompaniment, uniting the salad and fallafel into a glorious package. 

The prices are very good. A small fallafel comes in at around the 3 with a 10% student discount available on top of that. The service is very quick, except for the pizzas which take their time but I guess that's just a sign that they are being freshly made. The staff are friendly and there's plenty seating available. 

For some quick, very tasty Mediterranean food, you will struggle very much to find better.
This place has been a saviour on many a night out as well as on a quick library lunch break. They have a great variety of middle eastern food and serve an excellent pizza if you dont want to break from the norm. It should be remembered that they dont serve chips which has disappointed a lot of people on various occassions.

This down side is more than made up for by the fantastic kebabs they serve. Say kebabs and an image of greasy grey meat pops into your head, here that image is dispelled. The chicken, falafel or lamb options are all delicious and freshs erved with a variety of sauces nd salad.

If you'd rather not eat on the go there are a few tables inside and they have a great waitress service. The sit in menu has more options including a delicious mezze platter and lamb koftas.

If you have any room once your done I highly recommend the baklava, sweet, sticky and delicious just how it should be.

The atmosphere in here is always welcoming. Its one of the few places I would be happy to sit and eat alone. The chefs are chatty and the waitresses friendly.
I love Palmyra, I really don't know what I would do without them on Friday and Saturday nights. As soon as I walk in, they automatically know what I'm after- a 9 inch margherita. The pizza always tastes great and does, I have no doubts, wonders in ensuring the inevitable hangover the next morning is not too brutal. The staff are fantastic and are always up for a laugh and a chat. 
The place is a student hot spot as it is on the walk home from most of the clubs in Edinburgh to Pollock Halls, but even if it is not on the route home I will make a detour to make sure it is.
During the day, they serve the food on plates, rather than the cardboard boxes they use at night and the pizzas also come with a chilli sauce and garlic sauce. They also sell a range of other food including falafels, kebabs and wraps.
Palmyra is probably the brest Kebab place in Edinburgh for the value. Open late (until about 2), it has been staple for many drunken Edinbuggers on their way back from a night out. The kebabs are great, I want to say with good quality ingredients, but to be honest I doubt any kebab has good quality ingredients. They are really tasty though, especially the chicken shawerma. The kebabs do come with everything (sauce and salad) so if you don't want anything in particular make sure you let them know otherwise you'll end up with the Full Monty.

The prices are good too, on average about 3.50 for a small and a fiver for a large. They do a 10% student discount, which is obviously in use on a Saturday night, when the queue is out the door with students coming back from Potterrow. The staff are really friendly too, and more than once my friends has got a smile discount for chatting to them.
The only downside is that it shuts before the clubs kick out, but that is is the Edinburgh council's stupid laws, not Palmyra's fault
A favourite for drunk students at the end of the night (early morning), but I would encourage anyone to please try it out in the light of day!  

Palmyra is about a minute's walk from my office in Nicolson Square, and fuelled many a dissertation-writing-session.  Although there aren't too many seats inside, if you've got the time, sit down and enjoy your meal there - table service included.  

Although their wraps and pizzas are no doubt tasty on the way home after seven pints, if you go in during the day the food is legitimately better.  In the day they take their time to construct the best wrap possible, and make sure it's fully heated through.  No cold falafel here.  

That being said, I can only assume that the entire menu is good, as I always order the same thing: falafel wrap, no tomatoes.  (A friendly shot of abuse from the staff every time I pronounce tomatoes Canadian-style....'What's a to-may-to? We don't have those things here')

Bonus: student discount!
I did wonder when my review of Palmyra would manifest itself in late-night kebab form. I have ready many, many good things about it on Yelp. I have passed it many times, but always during the day when the lure of kebabs have no hold over me.

Fast-forward to last night and the end of an amazing Elite Event. After four drams of different whiskies at the tasting, followed by gin I had the taste for a kebab. We all know 'the taste' right? So when Robin M piped up with Palmyra, my memory wasn't hazy enough to forget all those 4 and 5 stars on Yelp.

Inside it's small, clean and not too fancy. Hey, it's a takeaway. It was a Wednesday night around midnight so was quiet. Perhaps on a Saturday night at 2am it's a bit different. But still, pleasant compared to some kebab shops I"ve been in, and distinctly lacking that greasy odour and thickness in the air.

At Robin's recommendation I ordered the Chicken Schwarma wrap. The small (it was still really big!) was only 3 or so. Total bargain! A fresh bread wrap (like a cross between a naan and a wrap really) filled with whole chunks of chicken in a spicy sauce, with salad, then toasted. Yep, toasted. It was fresh, actually quite light and very satisfying. I'm not sure JUST how healthy it is, but it didn't feel greasy, I didn't wake up the next day with a kebab food baby and don't have a kebab hangover. All round win!

If you're hungry, and it's late, and even if you've not had anything to drink, stop off at Palmyra. It's not your usual greasy fare.
In my days of frequent Saturday night clubbing, to leave the club early was not uncommon. Not because I'd had enough. Not because I wasn't enjoying my night. Not because I'd passed out in a toilet cubicle (happened once....once!).

No, the reason was simple: Palmyra closed at 3:00.


If takeaways were a race, then Palmyra would be their king!

Two words, one reason: Mixed Schwarma

Take kebab meat, take chicken, take salad, take chilli sauce and chilli flakes, take yogurt, take a wrap and seal it up on all sides, toasted on the grill, take... okay, starting to sound like Renton now. Gonna stop... you get the drift.

For that perfect 3am kebab fix, there are no competitors, absolutely nothing that immitates the amazing density, the mix of flavours, the balanced heat, the calorific glory that the Mixed Schwarma brings to the table.

I defy anyone to find a better kebab in the entirety of Edinburgh.

Since my late night clubbing days are few and far between these days, if I can find an excuse to be in that neck of the woods, I'll go, and lunch will be... you guessed it!


Pretty sure they do other stuff to.....
Palmyra is really good, offers excellent value, and provides dishes that are high on flavour. I opted to visit "the morning after" rather than "the night before" as a pre-emptive strike, but whatever time you're there, you won't fail to be impressed by their tasty Mediterranean dishes. 

Overall, we said: "I was really pleased with Palmyra. Their simple approach to flavour-packed dishes, served in generously sized portions, was exactly what I was needing, this slightly hungover lunchtime. They have ample space for people who want to sit in, but I imagine they do a good amount of their business as takeout. Whatever the case, it's very much worth a visit, next time you're in the vicinity."
I must admit, I'm a fairly new convert to Palmyra, but seeing as a lot of my friends have been going on about it for years, and since I was in the area and hungry a week or two ago I thought it was worth a try.

Now, I'm a carnivore through and through. I tend to feel that a meal isn't a meal unless it contains some sort of meat. But I was feeling adventurous that day, so I thought I'd try a small falafel and humous "sandwich", which is really a wrap. Oh my word, it was amazing. A veritable mixtape of textures and flavours with each bite, leading to me demolishing my lunch quicker than I thought possible.

Having gone back for the chicken shawerma twice since (which may have become my new favourite meal), I've become a convert and may just have to go back again next week. And the week after. And maybe the one after that...
I lived in Edinburgh for quite some time and used to stop in here on occasion for the falafel.  Sadly, I live in another, bigger city now, and I can't seem to find falafel that comes close to Palmyra.  How can one little hole-in-the-wall on Nicolson St possibly make the best falafel ever? 

Well, I don't know, but every time has been simply fantastic.  Cheap prices, delicious toasted wrap bread surrounding juicy, perfectly spiced falafel balls and crisp salad.  The sauce they put in is amazing, and each bite is as good as the last.  Fresh tasting, not overly salty... I usually polish off the whole thing feeling as if I could eat another straight away.  I miss you Palmyra!!
One of the best Kebabs in Edinburgh!!!

This Syrian take-out provides one of the best-priced and most tasty kebabs in Edinburgh, certainly offering the best tasting kebabs around Nicholson Square.

For example, you can have a kebab with lamb meat, feta cheese, hummus, tomato and lettuce, covered with their deliciously spicy red sauce for 4GBP!  Delicious!!!

There is also their home-made falafel!  Gorgeously great with yoghurt sauce and some tomatoes.

What is more, the place is BY FAR the cleanest kebab-offering shop in that area, and the people working there are super friendly and kind, providing service with a smile, something the other kebab places in close vicinity are often not offering their paying customers.

Palmyra thus outperforms its competitors around Nicholson Square on all levels.
Yummy food at a decent price.  Top that with an amazing student discount and you've got a great place to go for a student on a budget.
Great kebabs at a decent price. I lived down the street from this place and ate here all the time.
Small, new market and restaurant at SE corner of Ray and Alma School. All the way at back of Water & Ice strip mall. Replaced a Mexican market, I think?
Real small place stocked with middle eastern pantry basics--quality rice, green cracked olives, grape leaves, hommous, couscous, plenty of spices and olive oils, tea, hookahs for sale, etc.
Restaurant run by jovial proprietor has excellent food--gyros, shawarma and best falafel I've had--ordered it four times! Reasonable prices.
Pop in for a bite or pick up to go; delicious!
Yes the owner is really nice and they do have a really old grocery store (which means most of the ethnic stuff they are selling are old)

But commenting on the food, I had the baba ganoush and the Kefta kebab. The ganoush was bitter (methinks came out of can with citric acid and other preservatives imparting the bitter taste)
The Kefta wasn't that bad (but I have had better) however the: tzatziki enveloping the kefta was bitter. I have found the same phenomenon in Spices on the other side of 101. 

Either that is how it is made or else they both are using canned stuff to feed to us.
Jerusalem (Market)... Went here on a couple of occasions, though I only got one thing, the chicken shawarma. The few times I went there they were a relatively new restaurant and so I guess they were still trying to iron out some kinks.  Mom and pop cook the food, son watches the phone orders and takes payments. The sit down area is small, but you should probably get your food to go anyways.

Chicken shawarma is tasty, has lots of flavor, comes with ample amounts of veggies and sauce. It's a big watery at the end, I remember a few times when I got the sauce on me, but that's what makes it good.

Service is kind of bad here. I remember I came here once and ordered some fries with my shawarma, I felt bad ordering FOUR of the $1.99 shawarma sandwich specials. They decided it'd be a good idea to fry the fries on a stove top pan filled with oil. It really wasn't a good idea, it took about 20 minutes to get the fries done. That wasn't the only thing, I saw people who ordered the same thing as us get their food like 15 minutes faster, despite coming in 5 minutes later. That doesn't really make sense at all.

Good family, they should consider getting 1-2 more people for help especially during busy hours if they want to improve. Its a darn shame because their food is top notch, its kind of a hole-in-a-wall type restaurant. The food on the shelf looks really old, I wouldn't particularly go there for any grocery. They still have some kinks to iron out.
The service here was great, and the people were very friendly. The gyro was a little on the lean side, a lot of lettuce and very little meat. The Hummus was good, but not what most people in the valley are used to. I would have given it 3 1/2 stars if yelp would have let me.
We ordered out for delievery from them for the first time this past week. Now, a lot of places here have Gryo's but not this good. I haven't had a Gryo this good in 15 plus years. The fries were actually pretty good too especially for delievery fries. This is our new go-to place for Gryo's.
Friendly owners. Gyro was good, as was the shish-kebob. Very small space to eat in if you have a bigger party than 4 ppl. 

after eating, they were eager to find out my experience, as they are relatively new and it's a family business. when I told them that the hummos was kind of lemony, they said that they used to make it more garlicky and less lemony, but that the people around here complained! I told them they should make it authentic next time. The hummos you can buy in manufactured packages are usually dry and untasty, and we went there mainly for authentic hummos. Quite nice people.

you can watch TV (they had a football game going when we ate there) and my 7-yr old son loves food from other countries; they have the option of getting fries on the side, in case kids eat there (or adults who don't want rice, even).  the salad was excellent
I would suggest skipping, but full disclosure, I only ate here once.  And it's unlikely I'll return. 

The rice and gyro meat we ordered were decent but overpriced for the portion and quality (reg. $9.99) and the meat was dry. We used every ounce of the tziki sauce they gave us to enliven that meat. 

The store/cafe looks a bit disorganized, but I overlooked it. What I did not overlook was the bathroom. It was locked so our server opened it with a credit card from his wallet. Once inside . . . I'll spare you the details.  Just know it was bad.

The staff was friendly though.
All I have to say is what you see on the menu is not what you're gonna get. and if you're ok with cockroaches on the walls and floors, the this is the place to eat.
So after three days in Vegas for recent trade show I finally hit the bad hotel food, steak dinner, fast food & anything on the strip, wall.  I needed some, no make that, craved something unique & off the beaten path so when an old industry friend offered to take me & our other salesman out to dinner, I was all over it.

Having never really had much experience with kosher food aside from a Hebrew National frank & some macaroons I was a definite neophyte in this regard. The restaurant itself is actually a Glatt style kosher restaurant, which is essentially follows the strictest laws of the kosher standard.  The menu follows what are considered traditional Hebrew & Mediterranean cuisine most of them you've heard of  like shawarma, falafel, kabobs & pita based wraps.  The meal starts out with platters of salads & toppings for the pita breads.  Baba Ganoush, red & white cabbage, a Moroccan salad made with cucumber, tomatoe, red onion & spices, an awesome spicy eggplant relish & some& other tasty stuff.

We all had different entree's so I had a chance to try some of everything & everything simply rocked!  The falafel was smaller than I'm used to but extra crispy & then creamy on the inside. The kabobs were made with some of the tastiest, juiciest meat I've had in some time, was seasoned perfectly & BBQ'd to perfection.  The chicken shawarma, simply epic.  I could eat one of their chicken shawarma laffa sandwiches (aka burrito) every day & never get tired of it.  The fish balls were tender & tasty & the rib-eye, freaking unreal!

You can tell it's authentic kosher food just by their regulars on hand.  The jewish community in N. Vegas flock to this place & finding a table wasn't easy.  So it's a little of the beaten path (15 minutes from the strip)  a total hole in the wall, kinda slow service & the (almost) deal killer...NO beer, wine or other alcohol served there. (hello to-go order)  That aside I could put up with that a dozen times over again, the food is that good.  Beer & wine would have made it a perfect 5 star rating.
My Israeli friend's been raving about this place for months, and she finally shlepped me there.  It was worth the wait.

Yes, it's a hole in the wall, but it's more like eating in my Grandma's kitchen - except my Grandma wasn't Moroccan or Iraqi, which is definitely the accent here.

My friend warned me that the platters were too big for one person (or at least two women trying to keep their, ahem, girlish figures) to eat, so we shared a Chicken Shawarma platter.

This is a Meal (capital M).  The larger plate had a good-sized portion of chicken pieces.  They were tasty, but I swear, I couldn't tell whether they were dark or white meat.  This was accompanied by a large helping of rice covered with pinto beans in sauce (we could have chosen green beans as a topping).  The smaller plate had Israeli salad - basically chopped and seasoned cucumber and tomato - along with baba ganouche, hummus, and a red cabbage salad that was scrumptious.  A third plate had four mini pitas (more upon request).  The idea was to pull off pieces of the the pita and make little mini sandwiches with all the ingredients.  Luckily, I was there with a native, to teach me the ropes and translate the waitress, Gila, who's also the cook and owner, with her husband.  Gila speaks English, but obviously preferred to converse with my friend in Hebrew.

My friend bought a box of pastries - Gila made - to take home, but we snacked on them for dessert.  They were farina-based, stuffed with dates, deep-fried, then baked, and finally, dipped in honey.  They were so out of this world delicious that I wanted to take home a box, too, but she got the last one!

As mentioned in the other review, there is no beer or wine, but there's not even coffee, due to an agreement with the Pannini Cafe next door.  That, together with the mystery chicken, is the reason for this not being a five-star review.  But it's damned close, and I highly recommend it!
While Vegas(and Henderson) posses several "Jewish Deli" establishments that serve New York style ashkenazi cuisine that everyone knows and loves, the city was severely lacking any good middle eastern/Israeli/ establishments ( especially considering the sizable minority that seem to work through out the strip and oddly enough at many of the local mall carts) that cater to Sephardic cuisine. There is a good Afghan kabob (or is it kabeb? i forget) spot on the east side and i've heard rumors of a good Persian spot as well, but most other Mediterranean /mid east joints were poor attempts at Americanized greek.I'm getting off topic; we're here to talk about Shawarma Vegas. 

This place is a hole in the wall as someone else mentioned; but in a good way. There maybe no more than 5 or 6 tables inside and a couple more outside. What it lacks in size and decor, it makes up in food. I have been twice and so far both meals were a success. 
The Shawarma in pita was excellent (and I still feel that is an understatement.)that was stuffed with the usual condiments of hummus and pickles amongst others. I am truly looking forward to trying the entire Shawarma plate. The schnitzel was fried perfectly, with the chicken far from dry (always an issue with schnitzel). Nearly as good as my Grandmothers! 

The food is a bit pricey, but most kosher meats usually run on the higher end so I can accept it. (plus the food is great) 

A great place for middle eastern comfort food.
Native of LA.. I'm a huge fan of Pita kitchen and zankou chicken.. Since moving to LV.. I ve really missed good shawarma.. But I think I found my new favorite spot!
The food is fresh and delicious!! The shawarma has great flavor, tender, and juicy.. Pita is good too a lil' chewy just the way I like it.. Will be back for sure!
A nice neighborhood hole in the wall with a homey feel.  Tasted like a home cooked meal.  Not used to the rice with bean sauce but I liked the chicken a lot.  Wish they had a bigger beverage menu.
We are always looking for schawarma... I should say good schawarma -- it is hard to find... unless we make it ourselves... however, Shawarma Vegas was not bad at all!

What can I tell you... they are a little whole in the wall deli type place and you can find them in a little strip mall & as I looked around - it appears that the 'area' (very small) might cater to Jewish businesses... anyways, if you do not slow down you might miss it.  I forgot to mention to the owner that some signs / advertisement might behoove him.  Inside, you are welcome to wash your hands before eating (which, I like) and it appears that it may also be a low key hangout where you might find yourself picking up the Torah to read whilst you munch on their yummy eats.

We had:

Geo: Shawarma pita w french fries and babaganoush and hummus
Moi:  Kabob plate w Israeli salad (mixture of tomatoes & cucumbers in vinaigrette sauce & hummus w tea...

Not bad at all... I thought that since the kabobs were so juicy that perhaps they may have been a little oily - Geo, says, 'not so' all in all the taste was very good.

If we are in the area again - we will go - I would not, however, drive all the way there just to eat schwarma...

still good all in all...

your constant companion,

~dee
First time I had falafel was at Tacos & Tequila.  It was no bueno.  I know what you are thinking...Falafel at TNT..WTH!?!  Then the second time I had it was at Greek Bistro.  It wasn't delicious as I had hoped for.  After a discussion with my Israeli co-worker, she recommended Shawarma Vegas.  

The way she described it got me salivating, so I had to try it out.  

So I ordered the falafel, and my friend ordered the Chicken Shawarma.
 
As we are waiting for our food, the nice lady brought out small plates of the following:
-Israeli salad: chopped & seasoned cucumber and tomato:  Refreshing
-baba ganoush:  Yummy
-hummus:  Yum
-red cabbage salad:  Eehh
-mini pitas:  piping hot, crisp on the outside, soft in the inside.  Perfect.

 Wow, those small plates were all bursting with bold flavor, exciting my palate!  The owner was super nice, saying that other restaurants may want customers to spend more money on appetizers, but not here..customers get small plates of appetizers for free,  not spending anymore money.  

However, I wasn't too excited about my falafel or the shawarma.  The shawarma has morrocan spices, but it tasted like it needs some salt or a bit of BAM.  Dunno, I can't make a comparison to anything else since this is my first time having the shawarma.  The texture was unexpected as well.  

As for my much anticipated falafel...I came to the conclusion that...ummm..I don't like falafel.

Can't really hold that against them can I.  But regardless, I will come back to try other items and get my small plates of delicious appetizers.

This is  more of a 3.5 star small eatery in my book.
The food was very tasty, but I feel like it is a little bit of a rip off. I learnt my lesson. Get the sandwiches they are more worth the money versus the plates. Go to Jerusalem Grill, they are the better kosher spot in town.
The best shawarama in las Vegas !!!!

Fresh and good service like in israel
This food is amazing. Ground beef kabobs, shawarma, falafel.  Everything is great.  

Ambience.  No.  Prices are not.cheap, but the servings are huge. 

Stay away, cause I love this place and do not want to share.
love their baby chicken!!! and of course shawarma...
I remember seeing this close a while back and was surprised to see it open again under presumably a new owner. 

As we were waiting for our food to arrive, we were entertained that it seemed like everyone knew everyone and no one was speaking English. This though makes me feel excited as it can only mean authentic food.

I saw on the menu that you can get for $3 AYCE of the salads which consisted of hummus, baba ganoush, a vinegar based slaw, carrot and cauliflower pickles, pickled peppers, cucumber tomato salad, onions with sumac, red cabbage salad All of them were good, fresh and seasoned well. The hummus and baba is really good and would cost you a lot more than $3 anywhere else for a single serving of one of them. 

BF and I got the falafel pita (I believe $6.99). Once they stuff them in the pocket they ask you what else you want in it (basically from the salads I mentioned above) along with options for garlic sauce and hot sauce as well. The seasoning on the falafel was good and they were lightly crunchy and soft inside. I prefer more soft than crunchy like chips so it made me quite happy and the pita was fluffy and everything I think good bread should be. Both the BF and I are huge fans of the falafel at Amenas and this is really good that they are equal contenders for the top pocket. 

There was a bit of confusion (language barrier?) as to the salad sampler but eventually I got a little plate to try them and the lady was really sweet anyways.

 I definitely will be back again to have more of this falafel and maybe try other offerings on the menu. I think this little hole in the wall is a must try if you like Mediterranean fare.
The place is a little pricier than other shawarma places, and I can't say I'm a fan of the decour either, but the food here was amazing!

We came for the shawarma, and the place delivered! I got a shawarma pita with hummus and tahini, cabbage, some red hot sauce and some onions. The pita was stuffed full of delicious shawarma and all of the fixins. I couldn't even finish the whole pita because it was so big! The combination of the shawarma and the tahini tasted so good. 

I love how everything is handmade over there from the pita to the hummus. In the background, you can see the chefs cutting the juicy strips of meat for the shawarma. Everyone their was really nice as well. 

I will definitely be back!
If I could give no stars to an establishment, this place would be at the top of my list.  My awful experience went as follows:

I was in Vegas on 6/1/12 and had a craving for shawarma.  I Yelped some nearby shawarma places and decided on Shawarma Vegas due to its close proximity and the good reviews that it had gotten despite its somewhat pricey menu.  I noticed on Yelp that it closes at 4pm on Fridays, but it was only 3:05 so I figured I was in the clear.  

I walked in and saw a woman behind the counter frantically scooping some food.  No greeting, hello, eye contact, nor nod of acknowledgement of my presence.  I began looking at the menu overhead to decide what I wanted.  The woman then says to me in a raised voice (for no apparent reason because there was no music or any other customers to talk over) , "WE'RE CLOSED.  WHAT YOU WANT?"  I was a little startled by her greeting and also surprised that they were already closed considering that it said on Yelp that they close at 4pm on Fridays and that it said on Shawarma Vegas's website that they're open from 9-9, Mon-Fri (confusing I know).  Surprised by the fact that she said that they were closed, I replied, "Oh, you're closed?"  Her reply to me (in an even more irritated tone) again was, "WHAT YOU WANT?"  Appalled by her sheer rudeness, I calmly responded with "Nothing from here.", turned around and walked right out the door.  I had never been so rudely treated at an establishment where I was a hungry patron willing to pay $11.99 for supposed good chicken shawarma in pita bread.

I see the reviews on Yelp where fellow reviewers talk about the great and "friendly" customer service from this place.  It's gotta be a joke.  I seriously don't know where to begin to explain how upset I was at the treatment that I received.  Needless to say, I will never come here again the next time that I'm in Vegas and will adamantly discourage any and all Vegas friends from patronizing this establishment.
Found this place through a Yelp search. I had the shawarma pita. It was delicious! The staff was friendly and helpful. A little taste of the Middle East on Ft. Apache and Charleston.
It's great food. The Jerusalem Mix is the shawarma grilled with onions. The smell of it cooking is fantastic.

The place is kosher. Don't expect to go after sundown the day before the sabbath (Friday). 

The cook was very friendly. The muscle bound owner must have been mad that I interrupted his prayers or something because he showed that he didn't give a rat's ass whether I spent my money with him or not. Two $10 sandwiches and not a smile, not thank you, nothing. I'm sorry, did me asking questions about the menu bother you? (I didn't ask during his prayers.)

A customer actually answered my questions.

Judging from the lack of business at lunch time, he NEEDS to learn that you at the very least should treat your customers with respect, not contempt. You had 28 demerits and were featured on Dirty Dining.

If you want to stay open, the owner should stay away from the customers. He's obviously not going to change his attitude.

If he can't, then they deserve to go out of business. Since one order was a large portion of the "Lunch Rush", that should be pretty soon.
There are few things in life that make me happier than falafel and shawarma.  These guys deliver above average quality for both and I already know I'll be a return customer.

The falafel plate was around $11 and it was huge.  The balls themselves were smaller than usual but that was made up for in quantity as you can see from the photo I took.  An overall 3.5 star falafel in the world is pretty much a 5 star falafel in Las Vegas.  The plate also came with my choice of 4 sides to make up my salad side of it.  I went with babaganoush, hummus, a red cabbage salad and their Israeli salad.  It also came with a big side of rice and beans so I pretty much had lunch for the next day.

I just HAD to sample the shawarma so being the pig that I am, I got a shawarma sandwich to go too.  The quality of their pita was very good and although I prefer lamb shawarma, their chicken was still great.  They allow to put in whatever you'd like in the sandwich and as much as the pita can fit so I went wild with every little thing.  You should too.  

The dining area is OK and teetering on hole in the wall status.  I see myself doing takeout orders for the most part.
This is not the Shawarma I am used to. If you want real Shawarma, you have to go to Dearborn, Michigan, or Lebanon. This is not even close. It was aweful. I still have not found a place on the West Coast that makes good authentic Shawarma sandwiches.

Shawarma is lamb or chicken that is spiced and cooks while it turns on a ventricle roaster. The cooked meat is cut off as it turns and then rolled in pita bread. The meat shawarma usually comes warped with onions and tahini sauce with pickled turnips. The chicken is rolled with a garlic sauce and pickled cucumbers. Both sandwiches are then placed on a panini grill to toast the bread. That is a shawarma sandwich.

Note******
This place was on Dirty Dining in July. I just seen that today on the Channel 13 website.
The shawarma is probably the best in town.
lost one star for being ridiculously expensive! ($14 for shawarma sandwich).
and the other star was lost for shitty service and cleanliness (or lack of it).
Well if you're looking for bad service then step right up and take a crack at this place. I wish that I could comment on the food but they didn't even make it that far until I was out the door due to the lousy service.

So I walked into the place in the evening many hours before they close and there are two tables of customers, both with their food, and they're not busy at all. I walked up to the counter and had the two cooks and the host taking the order walking around for awhile stocking food and things. I stand there for probably 5 minutes waiting for someone to come. They seem to be in no rush. The place isn't busy so what's the hurry.

Finally the guy comes up and takes my order. I ask a couple quick questions about the menu and then I place my order. He asks me if I want fries, I say sure.

I go over and sit down at a table right next to the front. I patiently wait. (3 mins, 5 mins, 7 mins.....) No food. All while this is happening the host/cashier is walking around stocking food and things in the back. Coming out to the front and refilling the drinks. Stocking the condiments, etc. 

Finally after 10 minutes another customer walks in the door and places an order. 5 minutes later and the customer gets HIS food! Well this immediately made me heated. The host/cashier comes out again and walks by me for probably the 7th time stocking things and cleaning up the tables. My level of irritation is growing more and more. Finally after about 15 minutes really politely I stop the guy and ask, "Is my meal almost ready?". His confused response, "Oh did you place an order?". My jaw kinda drops, "Ummm I was JUST at your counter 15 mins ago and have been sitting here waiting.". Finally it dawns on him, "Omigosh! I totally forgot that you ordered! Soooo what did you have again?".

I'm just frankly shocked. I stand up and say, "Don't worry about it. I'm out of here.". He follows me out the front door and says, "I'm sorry sir, I just forgot.". I say, "I can understand if you're busy to forget but you guys aren't whatsoever. That's just really bad service.". He says he will give me the food free. I decline again.

I just can't understand how a person forgets an order he JUST placed. Nobody new comes in. He walks by you 7 times while you're sitting at the table with no food patiently waiting. And you actually have to stop HIM to get him to realize.
Get the shawarma on laffa bread. It is a way tastier carb than pita in my opinion! It's super chewy, soft, and soaks up all the sauces and juices really well. There were a few complaints on yelp regarding the price (approx. $11/shawarma) but if you think about it, all the sauces are home made, the meat is kosher, veggies are fresh, 2 people can definitely share one, and you are contributing to a local joint! This is my ultimate favorite shawarma joint in the USA. Next time I'm going to ask them to add fries! Woohoo!
The food is great! It's the service that needs desperate attention.

ATTENTION OWNERS: We are not in Jerusalem. We are not in Tel Aviv. While I understand the laid back, casual, time consuming approach other cultures have,  I assure you most people will not. Neither will they yelp about it in an attempt to help you understand. They simply will not return.

You need to greet customers promptly, prepare the food in a reasonable time, and smile.  

Every time I am in your restaurant is a new adventure. There is ZERO consistency. Sometimes your service is ok, but most times it is plain aweful. What a shame, considering how delicious your food truly is.

Please fix your customer service problems so I can enjoy my experience, and find you open rather than out of business when I return. Shalom.
Food is decent but I'm not sure I ever had such bad service. The man behind the counter, who I assume is the owner, had the worst attention span I've ever seen in anyone over the age of 5. 

His wife, who sat in the "restaurant," continued to distract him by coming up to the desk asking for more food for herself. He would stop whatever he was working on to make it for her. It then took him an additional 10 minutes to ring us up from the time our food was finished! Absolutely ridiculous!
Feels like you are in Tel Aviv! (I have never been in Tel Aviv, but if I had, I bet it would feel like this!)

Staff was very friendly.

Food was excellent. Shawarma was huge!


Only downfall, staff was yelling at each other in Hebrew the whole time - but this is what made it feel authentic!

Oh - and it is Kosher, if that is important to you.
Love this place yummy the pitas are the best!!! Very friendly staff and comfortable setting.
Oh great, just what Edinburgh needs... another humus/falafel/shawarma takeaway place. Not. And just to be a little bit different, they also offer pizzas and kebabs too. Oh no wait...

It's only just opened, so as I was walking past on my way home the other day I thought I'd try it out. It was lunchtime, I knew I had nothing in the fridge and I have to be honest, I do have a cheeky weakness for a humus and falafel wrap.

But I don't really know what to say about this place that hasn't already been said already about every other one of the hundreds of places like this in the city centre. My wrap was nice enough, they have cheap-looking tables and chairs for you to sit at if you want to, all the ingredients were in those metal bowls that they all seem to use and there was one of the revolting "meat" things rotating in front of a heatlamp for the doner kebab munchers out there. But not exactly anything that couldn't be said about anyone's local kebab shop anywhere in the UK.

I'm not sure if this will last. Its one saving grace might be the fact that Pizza Paradise a few doors along is so disgusting that people may defect here, rather than enduring Pizza Paradise simply due to the lack of other options. And if that's the case, it can be no bad thing.
I have to agree that there appears to be a huge amount of Middle Eastern takeaways on the streets of Edinburgh, which isn't usually a problem for me as I tend to love my kebabs and shawarmas. Zenobia has only recently opened up, and while the food is good enough and it seems quite busy, I son't see the affection that the locals have for Palmyra a few minutes down the road being replicated here.

Shouldn't detract from the standard of the doner though, which as expected, is a far more tasty affair than you'll find at some of the city's scruffier late-night eating venues.
This is another average Kebab joint. It seems to be making a bit of an effort to shake off the grease laden scummy image that many Kebabbies have but that is a tough task. There is a seating area that wouldn't be out of place in a standard Maccy D's and that seems to be the type of client they appeal to. 

The food is pretty average. It is not smeared in grease and could possibly be actual meat instead of squished plastic but to be honest it is pretty bland and unadventurous. I know most people aren't looking for an adventure when they go for a kebab but something different would have been nice. Ironically, by cleaning up the image of a skanky kebab shop, they have also lost a bit of the character. Go here if the only other place open is the godawful Pizza Paradise down the road, though you'd probably have more fun there
Arguably there are enough Middle-Eastern takeaways on Nicholson Street to feed the entire city.  However, just for good measure Zenobia has set up camp.  It looks a bit more lush than the others from the outside with a stark black and gold sign to attract the customers.  The guys inside are friendly and seem to make everyone feel welcome.
The menu has just about everything which you would expect from the place in the way of kebabs, falafels and the classic pizzas.  I went for their doner with salad, mayonnaise and chips.  The meat was fairly greasy and I've certainly tasted better in the area, but the salad was fresh and the chips weren't bad.
My mate had a pizza which looked okay, although there seemed to be a bit of grease on the top.  I'd come here again as it actually has quite a nice ambiance, but I'll be expecting a bit more from the food.
Zenobia has set itself apart from other takeaways in this area by offering more seating, more variety, healthier food and a family friendly environment.

It's halfway between takeaway and cafe, reminding me more of the latter with its sleek appearance and impressive seating area. They serve up a variety of foods - a lot of which you see in takeaways, yes. But kebabs and pizzas aren't a slapdash effort in Zenobia, with the quality of their kebabs suggesting it was fresher than the likes of stuff that sits under a heatlamp or steeped in grease for hours.

Zenobia marks the beginning of South Bridge, which admittedly is not the kind of area where you'll be seen puttin' on the Ritz. So when I was hungry one lunchtime, I had to step over the sick in the street to get to my food destination - a bit of an appetite killer. Sadly, it's the area that needs cleaned up, but at least it's not an overall reflection on the better, more respectable businesses like Zenobia which reside in it.
Well what to say about Zenobia....

I used to be a big fan. I would have recommended them to anybody. Then I went in on a Friday night (Saturday morning) at 2:45 am after wrapping up a nice night of clubbing. 

I don't expect pristine service at 2:45 am, but nobody in my group of 4 was either belligerent or rude. We were very friendly and happy to be in Zenobia. One member of my party actually ordered 2 kebabs, for himself and his girlfriend at home. So 4 of us purchased 5 kebabs. The man was friendly when selling to us, then when we finished our purchases, I asked for the toilet, and he said they had no toilet...... odd.

Then, at 2:50, he said, "in 10 minutes, we close" ... at 2:55 (because I check my watch constantly, I knew precisely the time he gave us) he kicked us out. He was very rude, and there were about 7 other diners with us....all given the boot. 

I understand kicking out the drunks at closing time, but I was with a group of three, along with a group of 5, and we were all given the boot 5 minutes before closing. 

I appreciate Zenobia's five  mixed kebabs, which are not cheap, but I protest the horrendous service! I was regular customer, but now I will definitely be going elsewhere for my kebab needs!

As to the "healthy" food mentioend by Marj C on 19/7/2010: I was never asked what sauce or sides I would like with my kebab. I do not want sauce, and was never given the option.... Omitting sauce by default is not the same as offering "healthy" options, but rather it is simply omitting the OPTION of health.
This is one of my go-to lunch places whenever I'm up on that side of town. Of course the falafel wrap is a favourite, but if you get a chance to try the one with the grilled vegetables. Fast service, fresh food, and plenty of tables to sit and watch the world go by: what more could one want from a quick and sleazy shwarma experience?
It's plain, but it's good - tasty felafel wraps, mint tea, friendly waitress. It's not somewhere to hang about, but it filled us up with tasty, healthy food before we headed to the pub.
I am so excited about this place.  I tried Flame Kabob a couple days after eating and Paymon's and this blew them away.  Their koobideh is better than Paymon's or Habib's, but without the price of Paymon's or the uncomfortable bow-tied servers and forced upscale feeling of Habib's.

The atmosphere is like a Chipotle style place, with a walk up counter and tables, and they bring your food out to you when it's ready.

We tried the chicken and beef koobideh and the beef tenderloin (not sure if i have that name right).  All were great, but I liked the chicken the most.  Also have pretty good hummus, great shirazi salad too! 

Never bother with the the more expensive places just to get some decent kabobs again!
One word- YUM!
My husband is a huge fan of Persian food and when he found out about this place, we went the next day.  We went in with high expectations, and Flame Kabob did not disappoint.  At our table we had everything from Kabobs to Schwarma and everything was absolutely wonderful! The meat was cooked and seasoned perfectly. The saffron rice is some of the best I've had and the bread, my god the bread! Made to order in what looked like some sort of clay oven.  Heavenly! 
We will definitely be going back to Flame Kabob again and again!
Drove past CSN Charleston to the $5 car wash further down the street and saw the Grand Opening sign outside of Flame Kabob.  I recognized the name as the one on Sunset, which I have not been to.  So after washing the car and working up a sweat just vacuuming my car, I decided to head back and check out Flame Kabob.

The restaurant is fast casual Persian kabob chain restaurant.  Since it is still very new, the interior looks really clean and the tables and chairs are in good condition. The kitchen where the staff prepare and plate the food is very clean. If you want you can see them roll out the dough and bake the fresh bread.

Their menu is available for viewing online, so I didn't bother taking pictures of their menu.  But they also have pick two out of three kubideh (beef, chicken and lamb) for $9.99.  A sweet deal which I took advantage of.  The food took awhile to prepared, since it was made to order and didn't bother me due to my lack of time constraints. But for me it was totally worth it.  The bread was fresh and delicious.  The kubidef (beef and chicken) came off the special grill still steaming hot, and was delicious, flavorful and still very juicy and moist inside.

I also tried their Pistachio Rose Water Persian ice cream. It was good, with some pistachio pieces in the ice cream but the relatively dominant flavor is still rose water.

The cashier followed up with each diner to ask us about the food we ordered. And they will soon have 3rd location in Las Vegas.

The hours:
Mon-Sat 11am - 9pm
Sun 12pm - 8pm

Price - seems high but most Persian restaurants are. The pick two of three Kubideh (ground meat skewers) is a relatively good value though.
Food - I enjoyed everything except their grilled tomato and their Saffron Rice (bland). The meats were hot and juicy, and still piping hot when they plated my food. Ice cream worth a try.
Service - friendly

Overall 4 stars for me. And I will be back to try more items.
A tad pricey, but the quality of food is worth it.  The steak kabob was tender and cooked perfectly medium rare.  However, the ground meat kabob such as the ground chicken kabob, you get twice as much meat for the price, but the spices that are used are good.
We have eaten here 3 times in one week so that should tell you something. The beef kabob was the most tender i have ever had in my life, it melts in your mouth. The staff are very friendly and the plave is very clean.
Flame Kabob is en fuego!!

The new Spring Valley location of Flame Kabob doesn't disappoint.  The interior is outfitted in brick, lusciously hand-painted ethereal wisps of detail, and a few beautiful oil paintings in regal brass frames.  It's bright, clean, and refreshing, much like the flavors you'll find in the authentic Persian cuisine.

I went with the Schawarma (beef and lamb).  It came wrapped in a wonderful Taftoon Bread (Persian pita, but better)  The bread was rolled out from the dough, and cooked in a clay oven right before my eyes.  Cue the 70's porn music...(bow-chicka-bow-wow!)  

Also accompanying this huge Persian pleasure feast was some tomato, seasoned onion, lettuce, Tahini, fresh hummus, and dolmeh.  Dolmeh is Persian Dolmades for those of you familiar with Greek food.  It is a grape leaves stuffed with rice, onion, oil, saffron, and other fantastic flavors I couldn't figure out.  I finished this one, and immediately regretted not ordering more.  It was as satisfying as pizza rolls were when you were 12, or pizza rolls now if you're a kid at heart.  

The schawarma itself was light in flavor, yet filling.  I had trouble finishing the meal and I was starving.  Notes of lemon, good olive oil, and the lamb and beef danced around beautifully with each bite I took.  I tried it with both the hummus and the tahini, but honestly, neither were needed, the flavor profile was perfect.  I would recommend ordering an extra side of the Taftoon Bread and dip your face off (nicholas cage movie reference anyone?)  

This is a family run vacation from the greasy, typical, and always disappointing.  I feel bad even using these words in the review, this place is great and you need to get your Perzh-on!
Got a to-go order today. I got the #4, Tenderloin Beef Shish Kabob. The kabob was flavorful and really hit the spot. The food was great! The food is also halal (muslim kosher). 

Awesome that they have a location on West Side of town now. 

The interior is immaculate and the food prep area is set up so that you can watch what is going on. 

They are offering a coupon for a free kabob (ground beef only ) with the purchase of any entree. The coupon expires on 4/30/2011 is is for dine in only. 

Will definitely be frequenting this place on an on-going basis.
Good but far from Great.

Not sure if it's the Persian style but the food here just doesnt compare to my usual middle eastern eateries.

On the plus side the Hummus is quite possibly the BEST HUMMUS i've ever had. If i could i would buy a 16oz drink cup size of it and suck it through a straw.

The number 13 Shredded Beef and Lamb specialty plate is reasonably priced at 8.99, one of the few lamb dishes to remain the same cost from the to go menu to the main board. 

On the side you get a small mixed green salad, a wedge of lemon, a glop of hummus (soo good..), a dolmeh, a small container of yogurt with cucumber sauce, and your...i guess it was a wrap. 

The dolmeh was good but when paired with the yogurt sauce whoa that was something. 

The wrap itself left something to be desired. I did enjoy the taftoon bread, it had a nice freshness to it and was different from the pita i'm used to. The meat was seasoned a little too well. Near the end of my meal i could hardly recall if there was any lamb in it seeing as the spices were so heavy it masked any individual taste of the meat itself. What little hummus and cucumber yogurt i had left were thrown on the wrap and it did improve the taste. Toward the end i reached for a bottle of franks red hot to liven things up a bit. 

Also ordered a Lamb & Beef Gyro.
I missed the lunch special by an hour so instead of 3.99 for gyro only i had to pay the standard price for the entire meal. Not really a problem.

Ali at Kebab Korner has spoiled me. Even when he tried to singe my taste buds by making his famous super gyro 'burn my ass' (his actual words to his staff "one super gyro, super spicy! BURN HIS ASS!!') with it's level of spiciness it just made me want more.

This gyro is extremely mellow, the meat was a bit dry and inside covered with yogurt cucumber sauce. It was good but it to me it just tasted shallow and empty compared to Kebab Korner.

Being considerably closer than Kebab Korner i might consider coming back a few time to take advantage of the lunch specials.
I'm changing my review.  
Go here and meet an awesome guy. His name is Maroun and he's the shop owner. He's always there and you can always count on some friendly conversation. 

 I go there to talk enjoy some good hummus or grab a quick boiled egg for 50cents, which is super handy, cause I can't find hard boiled eggs anywhere else nearby. 

The Mediterranean menu is the best part of the restaurant, stick with his specialty. 

The food isn't AMAZING but its good, and cheap. and  Maroun does care about his restaurant and will make what you want but he does need to step up his game a little bit. 

I like the owner, and I want to see him succeed.  I would suggest to him that he gets real plates or paper plates instead of styrofoam. organize his menu signs on the windows a little better. Stick with one cuisine, and focus on improving quality. Maybe make some exciting specials.  I think that would help a lot.
Cedars is a great quiet place to grab some food.  The owner is really nice, and I always enjoy seeing him and talking.  The food is decent, I always get the hummus (I love it) which is a bit more coarse than other hummus I have had (which is usually finely whipped in texture) and its garnished with olive oil and paprika, and served with pita, pickle chips, and tomatoes.  I was hesitant at first with pickle chips but it actually tasted awesome!  I also get the shawarma pita, which is similar to a gyro.  Like others have said, food is served on styrofoam, but I couldnt count on one hand how many restaurants serve awesome food on styrofoam.  The food isn't to die for, and I wont argue otherwise, but you can tell its made with care and Maroun will make it exactly as you request it.  I do think if he were to brand it stronger then it would help.  I think adding hookah and alcohol could also help by bringing in a young crowd (which is pretty abundant being that he is next to a university).
The restaurant is small, but most good things come in small packages! The menu has a little bit for everyone - hamburgers, falafel, tuna and hummus. As a vegetarian, I recommended this place because it's inexpensive and there is more to eat than lettuce. The portions are decent, if not big. The owner is very friendly and can definitely customize an order for you. Don't judge the place based on location or reviews that say it's not fancy enough! I did that when I first came in but the food and owner makes it worth it.
Nice job Cedars!  They replaced the styrofoam plates with ceramic, and must have changed their recipes on a few items.  Everything was tastier than I remember.  I am moving it up to 5 stars because the owner remembers what I order and how I like my food.  I true family restaurant.
Nice small mom and pop restaurant feel to Cedar, when you first walk in your hit by the delicious smell of fresh cooked food.  Persian TV is playing to help with the authentic feel. Owner is working the front counter and is friendly and knowledgeable about the food.  Its a really comfortable restaurant setting that doesn't feel cheesy or overdone.

I started with the hummus, baba ghannouj and grape leaves.  The hummus was fresh but the baba stole the show.  I haven't had baba before but it was flavorful and went geat with the pita bread.  The grape leaves were well made and had a great flavor.  For lunch I went with the falafel and it was huge.  Everything came together well, the pickled radishes was a nice touch.  Presentation was straight forward and no frills, they let the food speak for itself so.  Drinks are cans and bottles, my one complaint because I drink like a fish so I can go through two or three sodas.

I recommend this place for good food with a homemade feel at a great price .  You can go to chains and get gyros and falafels but they fail to have much flavor due to mass production. As a added treat ask for the Manusha, very unique and a must try!
I have the good pleasure of becoming friends with an Iraqi guy named Omar. I am representing Omar as his real estate agent and we have become chummy as we are scouting for his new home. Yesterday I asked Omar where we could get some Iraqi homecookin here in Phoenix. He smiled and we were off to Semiramis.
My top 5 reasons to try Semiramis:

~ Authenticity:      This is the real deal for Middle Eastern Cusine
~ Hospitality:       Andy is the owner, and it feels like you are eating in his home
~ Environment:   Simple, not pretentious. 
~ Friendly:            More than a place to eat. People gather here for dominoes,   socializing, and food.
~ Convenience:  Located on the SW corner of Bell & 24th street
Come for the food and stay for the people!  Semiramis provides a glimpse into middle eastern culture while filling you up with an amazing array of fresh, delicious homemade food.  

While visiting family in Desert Ridge, and reading about Semiramis on Yelp, we decided to give it a try.  We arrived at 7 to a largely empty dining room but were warmly greeted by the new owner.  He retreated to the kitchen to make us some fresh hummus which was absolutely fantastic.  Rather than order off the menu he offered to create a "mixed grill" type of family style plate.  After a short wait, during which we polished off the hummus, we were presented with an amazing platter of grilled meats including chicken (prepared two different ways), steak (again, two different ways), veggies (tomatoes, pickles [totally unlike what you're probably imagining], sliced onion, and green olives [again, totally unlike what most Americans are used to...not at all like the pimento stuffed olives from a can]).  Fresh pita bread accompanied both the hummus and the entree.  Even my sister, who was admittedly a little skeptical when we first arrived, loved the food!  

While we ate, some of the "regulars" began to drift in to share tea, coffee, play gin rummy, and socialize with one another.  It's was just as one would expect to see while traveling in the middle east.  Everyone was incredibly friendly, staff and fellow diners alike.

I would encourage everyone to stop by Semiramis.  Is it a little rough around the edges?  Yes but all the more charming IMO.  I think you'll be more than pleasantly surprised at both their hospitality and the food.  If I lived in the area (rather than Wisconsin), I would be a regular at Semiramis!
New rest and owner at this site. "Palm Kabob." Tremendous food and owner was very helpful and friendly. We will definitely eat here again!!
I'm always excited when I see a new spot opening up close to work. It's nice having lunch options that go beyond Taco Bell. And so, with a song in my heart and a hop in my step (not really) I ventured into Golden Valley restaurant. 

Golden Valley is brand spanking new, located in a strip mall on the Northeast corner of 19th ave and Northern. The interior looks a little incomplete, but it's comfortable. 

We were greeted quickly and seated. Our server seemed a little bit nervous, but I'll give him proper respect. He knew the menu inside and out! One of my coworkers is a vegetarian that had many, many questions about food preparation. Our server was able to break down any dish on the menu. 

I ordered a grilled chicken pita sandwich with a side of tabbouleh. The salad was fresh and nicely balanced. All to often the parsley dominates, but here the other flavors really came through. 

The sandwich was delicious! The chicken was well prepared, the bread was fresh and the pickles were a nice touch. The general consensus was that the food was great. 

On the less than positive side of things, Golden Valley is not a well oiled machine. Though the food was good service was spotty, and paying the bill was more complicated than it should have been. 

My hope is that the business will soon match the food in quality.
I came here for lunch with a coworker.  We were in and out in about 35-40 minutes, just perfect.  Service was excellent, courteous, etc.

It's set in a strip mall, and inside you get very interesting Uzbek music videos playing, which kind of sets the vibe.  It looks the back of the restaurant could be a stage for some dancing, which is kind of interesting.

Everything has pictures, which makes ordering easy.

We ordered a nice tabbouleh salad ($2.50), which tasted incredibly fresh (I'm not a huge fan of this salad, but it seemed healthy, and this was as good as any other I had tried), and was easily enough to share with 2-3 people as a small appetizer.  I tried a recommended dumpling appetizer ($8), which was 5 giant steamed dumplings with onions and meat minced inside, very interesting but good.

For the main course, we each had a sandwich.  I had the kebob sandwich, with nice lean chunks of steak inside, pickle, onions, sauces, etc. in a pita.  Nicely filling, and a great value at $5.

My companion had the chicken version, minus pickle, for $4.50.

So for less than $20 prior to tip, we had a nice two course meal for two.

Outstanding value, quality ingredients (I judge the quality of a restaurant a lot by the quality of the meat they put in things like sandwiches). 

Good service, okay ambiance.  This isn't a romantic date night spot, but if you are looking for something out of the ordinary with quality food, I think you could do a LOT worse than Golden Valley.  The fact that the prices are so cheap is just a bonus.

I'll be back.
A friend and I decided to try Golden Valley for dinner.  

My friend ordered a gyro sandwich, which was OK.  Not bad at all, but not great.  I ordered a kabob platter of gyro meat, chicken and beef.  Everything was alright, except the beef, which was some of the toughest meat I've ever had.

The service was prompt and courteous.  The ambiance is more appropriate to lunch, perhaps, than dinner.
This Uzbek restaurant a great place for reasonably priced Mediterranean-style kebabs, falafel and pita sandwiches.  The dinner plates are huge -- high quality meat, delicious rice and fresh vegetables.  The salads are great, and the Uzbek bread is delicious.  Don't let the strip-mall location put you off (it is next door to Chen & Wok Express).  The service is polite and attentive and the prices are excellent -- two can eat well for less than $20.  We have added Golden Valley to our neighborhood restaurant rotation.
Can I tell the difference between Uzbek cuisine and other Middle Eastern or Mediterranean cuisine?  Nope.  For all I know it's only a matter of where the restaurant owners are from.  I like it all regardless.

The sign outside reads, in large letters, "UZBEK KEBABS".  That's all they needed to lure me in.  It's not a fancy place, located in a strip mall across the street from Bookmans, but they do a good job giving it a little more atmosphere by adding Middle Eastern style draperies.  A large TV on the wall plays a variety of music videos from, I assume, Uzbekistan.

The menu offers the typical dishes you would expect to find at this kind of joint: a variety of kebabs (lamb, beef, chicken), hummus and some shrimp options.  I ordered the lamb kebab sandwich with a side of Uzbek bread and a bottle of Pepsi (hecho en Mexico) plus a slice of cake for desert.  My tab was under $12.

My food was pretty good.  Not as good as other places I've had similar meals but very tasty.  The sandwich was prepped good and the presentation was satisfactory.  Golden Valley puts in a little effort and does not serve a sloppy sandwich.  Even if a kebab sandwich isn't your cup of tea it is aesthetically pleasing.  If I was to offer any criticism, there was too much onion for my taste.

Overall it was a good restaurant and I was pleased with my meal.  I wish Yelp would allow me to post a 3.5 star review as Golden Valley is better than "okay" but I can't go a solid 4 as it falls short of a few favorite locations.
Ok I don't usually write reviews, but this place deserves it. Its not your usual Greek or Middle Easter/Arabic cuisine, so it can be easily misunderstood. This place makes amazing food from Uzbekistan, a country from Middle Asia, actually right on the Caspian Sea.

I had Lagman and a Lamb Kebob. Lagman which is a noodle and beef soup, was very flavorful and hearty. Amazing, just like my grandma makes-too bad she does not live too close :) The noodles are made from scratch and the spice mixture of dill, cumin and corriander makes the broth soo tasty. The Lamb kebob is cooked on the smoke and does not touch fire directly-very traditional Uzbek way of cooking kebobs. The meat was so juicy, smoky and flavorful! I just ordered one skewer which came with a big helping of thinly sliced raw sweet white onion. This is also a very traditional way to serve the kebobs. Please put a drizzle of white vinegar, a bottle of which is at every table, on the onions. Onions and a piece of the kebob bites are heavenly!! One can also order a side of Uzbek bread and Palov to accompany the kebob. Palov is a rice dish. Now I have not tasted it here, but based on what I saw and did try, I am sure it is just as fabulous!!

Entering this place, please leave all of the notions of what you think middle eastern food should tase like behind and embrace Uzbek Cuisine.

For something more familiar, this place also carries Gyros, Shawarmas, Hummus and Greek salad.

Almost forgot...this place has REAL  Coke, Pepsi and Fanta glass bottles!!
KABOBTASTIC!!!

served with a great lemony garlic sauce, yogurt sauce, dill carrot and onion shreds, pita and perfect rice.

Uzbek, Middle Eastern, Halal, Mediterranean???

And that's all you need to know... see for yourself it is greatly tasty.
Good food I wish I could eat here more often. But only when I am in town. I Will be back when I can.
Friday night after a long workweek seemed to be a good time to treat ourselves to a new cuisine, so my friend and fellow yelper John M. and I decided to check out this Uzbek restaurant. The interior would be mostly generic in appearance were it not for the somewhat ornate Middle-Eastern curtains, and a TV screen playing Uzbek and Russian music videos added to the ambiance. Large pictures of the main dishes in the counter area show you what they offer even before you are seated and handed a menu. For starters, we ordered Uzbek salad - tomatoes, cucumbers and sweet white onions lightly drizzled with a dill vinaigrette - and blinchik, which are crepes with a flavorful meat and onion stuffing; beware, the blinchik are rather filling by themselves. We also ordered palov and lamb kebabs. The palov was a dish of tasty seasoned rice with carrots and meat, and was quite a good choice. The lamb kebabs were juicy and flavorful, though the rice that came with it was on the dry side. A small basket of warm pita bread rounded up the meal. In all, it was a good meal, not great, but definitely satisfying. And I do hope to try the soup dishes next time.
Excellent tabbouleh salad! Very fresh. Vegetarian dishes all freshly prepared. Service a little slow, but for freshly made, that's ok. Nice folks.
NO, NO, NO!!!  The Number One rule for a restaurant or any other business has got to be that you don't try to cheat the customer!  I went to the Web site for this place before going there for lunch today, & wrote down what I planned to order, including these items:

Plinchik 2pc. $2.49

Somsa 2 pc. $2.49


What he tried to charge me:

Plicnik 2 pc. $3.99     :-O

Somsa:  "You have to pay for 4 at $9.99."     :-O

I also had an Uzbek Salad & a Lamb Kebab Sandwich.  It doesn't matter how the food was, because trying to cheat the customer on the money is SO NOT OK!!!
I've been here twice and I've had great service each time.  The waiters are often playing interesting videos from YouTube (Uzbek food videos, Uzbek weddings, etc.) and are very helpful.  

I've tried the shrimp kebab, which was good but slightly boring to me.  The cool thing here is that they have various Russian sodas.  I went here almost a month ago, brought the rest of my soda home in its glass bottle, and rediscovered it in the fridge yesterday.  Still good. :)  They often also have a grocery cart full of organic melons (cantelope, I think).  Strange, but cool.

The other dish I tried was the lagman - a noodle soup with beef in beef broth.  It strangely reminds me of my mom's pot roast, which I hated as a kid because it was so dry.  However, this is in a soup form, and it needs something to flavor it a little more, BUT, I swear I crave it every other day.  We've been meaning to go back lately but haven't had time.   Order the lagman with the round bread (can't remember the name) and dip the bread in the soup to finish up the broth when you're done with the noodles and meat. Om nom.

The best part about this place is that  it is amazingly priced (I can spend less than ten bucks here, easy) and their meat is halal, which is hard to find for those who require it  :)
This restaurant, while quaint and non descript serves really fresh and delicious uzbek food.  The kabobs are amazing, especially lula kabob.  The chicken is super tender and flavorful.  Service is good as well.  Five all around.
This great little spot has unfortunately CLOSED. :(
First trip here tried mix grill and beef swarma.
Oh man! Why do all the good places have to close. I discovered this place by accident. My family and I were going to eat the best fish tacos in Arizona at Tacos Atoyac but when we ordered a couple to try them we were Highly disappointed so we left. The best fish tacos here in Az. Were at one time Tacos Del Campo. But they closed.  Uzbek food was very delicious that I soon forgot that I was here in this forsaken desert. I watched the videos on the tv about their country and I loved seeing what a wonderful place it is. Too bad politics and religion ruin all the great places with their useless ideology.  Wonderful place SAD to see it close.
= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =

... & good riddance!     :-o
I have had MUCH better..  I was very excited when I saw them open,  just down the street from my work and I was ready for some new Medi food.    When I got there,  there was only 2 people working,   took almost an hour total to get food.  I am always willing to wait for excellence but it was far from it..        Kabobs were not bad..   and the hummus was excellent actually..  but the RIce..  Im pretty sure it was Uncle Bens Minute Rice..  Not exactly what I was expecting from a Medi place.    Kind of bummed,  wont go back most likely..
Had a take-out lunch from here a few weeks ago (beef shawerma) and although it took far too long to prepare, the sandwich was pretty tasty. Took my family to dinner here recently and the chicken shawerma and the gyro plate were quite good and very reasonably priced. Service, though, was uncertain and slow. I'm pleased to see them in the neighborhood and hope that they stick around. Whether they can do so depends, I suspect, on whether they can get their service issues addressed.
Excellent Gyros.  Best I have ever eaten. I will be back!
Outstanding Middles Eastern Food...Plain & Simple.

Omar is my favorite server as he is as friendly and energetic as they come.  The food will take a little bit longer to come out then a "corporate" joint where the food is cooked by monkeys.  So be patient and you will be rewarded.

On this recent visit we enjoyed the chicken schwarma plate and the kebab sampler aka The Ali Baba Plate.  Lamb is delicious and on the mild side....full of flavor yet more subtle to accommodate american taste buds.

On the way out we picked up fresh pita bread and some Afghanistan style flat bread, which made excellent pizza's the next day.

I LOVE THIS PLACE.  Omar is the best!!
Yum!!! Good quality, good prices!! A family owned restaurant with great service, I would definitely come back!
My favorite Mediterranean restaurant BY FAR!

not ONLY is the food excellent, but the service is absolutely oustanding. Everyone is so personable and friendly. They make you feel so welcome! Amera, is excellent. She is so wonderful to interract with! And always reassures me on my order.

 I am a huge lover of hummus and very picky about it, and they have the best hummus I've had. Their beef shawerma is so juicy and tender. I also usually dont like lamb, but theirs is so good! WAY TO GO ALI BABA for making like lamb! i cant wait to try the ENTIRE menu. Yummy!

ALSO, the place is so clean!! BIG PLUS!! 

I'd recommend this place to anyone! Go here for 5 star quality food!
Hidden gem in North Phoenix. Awesome falafel sandwich. Nice and crispy. The baklava is to die for. Can't wait to go back.
Two stars only because I'm compassionate. Lunch today using a Groupon- I live in Buckeye so if it wasn't for Groupon I would not go out of my way to give places way off the freeway corridor a shot unless I was in their neighborhood.  We were five miles from Ali Baba today so it was worth a try.  I was very disappointed.  The woman who works in the grocery next door was very personable, I went in there first looking for Zartar bread. She directed me to the bakery that doubles as the dining room.  The cases were sparse, but what was on display looked good.  The menu seemed promising.  My companion had the ubiquitous gyro with fries and a soft drink. I ordered the Ali Baba plate with an order of the yogurt/cucumber "salad" on the side, to eat with my entree much as a raita is eaten with Indian cuisine.

To mimic others, the service was ridiculously slow.  Whoever is working their line must not have professional food service experience, or the kitchen is set up to prepare food for only one table at a time.  I got the impression that they are understaffed, to put it conservatively.  When asked how I wished the meats on my platter prepared, I said I wanted the chicken cooked to 160 degrees but not cooked to death, and the lamb and kufta medium.  When the food was finally served, the meats had been removed from the skewers.  There were four one inch cubes of chicken, four one inch cubes of lamb, and a six inch by one inch by quarter inch high strip of kofta (seasoned ground beef that is formed into oblongs or flatted out on a flat skewer and cooked over a grill.  All the meat was dried out and way overcooked, and I mean way overcooked.  I know that the middle east is not homogenous, and recipes vary, but I wish the kufta was seasoned more robustly with the spices that are found in Egyptian kofta. The seasoning was rather one note. The rice was cooked to perfection and had a good flavor, and there were some middle eastern pickles like strips of turnip pickled in beet juice, a pepperoncini, and cherry pepper slices.  Bread is only served upon request; a nod to our American carb conscious diet, but kind of weird for a middle eastern restaurant.  My experience in the middle east was one where there were huge slabs of bread served with everything.  My yogurt and cucumber salad with mint was amenable, I could have done without the olive oil dripped on top because it was a bitter olive oil, not fruity.

So, because of the Groupon, the way I look at it is that my entree cost five bucks instead of 15, excluding my cucumber yogurt salad.  I wasn't cheap with the tip, the bill before the discount was twenty six dollars and change and I tipped $5.80.  I don't hold servers responsible for kitchen mistakes, at least not in an environment where the servers don't have any power to change the speed at which the food comes out.

The worst of it all is that instead of finding a place not too far from home where I can find all my favorite items from the middle east, I found a place that I can't justify the drive to visit in order to give them a second chance.  It's too bad, some of the best food I have ever eaten has been at deli bakerys that put up a few tables in the corner.

So, guess I have to wait until the next time I fly back east and then hit the Reading Terminal Market in Philly if I want perfectly cooked kufta, kebabs, and chicken.
Bummer...............
Enjoyed the food very much and the price is great. The staff are very helpful. Must try their freshly baked bread!!
Shwarma Paradise

Omar is just an Outstanding cook and partner in this delightful joint.

It pains me to read some of the latest reviews especially those from Buckeye AZ that fancy themselves as "experts" of Middle Eastern cuisine....

This place rocks....it is ALL-Great food.

If you are a neurotic debutante masquerading around town as Anthony Bourdain then please spare us your narcissistic Groupon fueled diatribes and just eat else where...preferably in Gaza!!!

Take your time and come enjoy a slow paced extraordinarily rewarding meal.
This place is a fantastic find for Middle Eastern food! Our group of 12, 9 adults and 3 children, all left wholly satisfied. Not only is the food delicious and flavorful, the customer service is outstanding! Granted, our drinks weren't filled as quickly as we'd hoped, and the apps could have been a lil speedier, but they are a lovely family owned business who take care of everything. They are so welcoming and accommodating to your wants and needs, and immensely patient with questions, and just kind, sweet and pleasurable people that I would forgive them of just about anything, and return time and time again. 

Omar is just the star of this place. He put together 4 tables for our group. I called a few minutes ahead to warn them, haha. He introduced himself, told us some of his family's and the restaurant's history, brewed some fresh Turkish tea for us, and just made it clear he could help us with anything- and that he would also be cooking our meals. :)

Because we had such a large group, I really got to sample practically the entire menu! My favorite items were the chicken shawerma sandwich, the falafel (best I ever had) and the rice (made with a bit of saffron and cardamom, and was truly perfection). The Ali Baba sauce is not to be missed- think ranch with a middle eastern twist, and the hummus was a clear winner also. Because my chicken kebabs were a tad dry (still flavorful), I would likely opt for the chicken shawerma next time. The beef shawerma was nice and tender as well. Some people had seasoned fries with their meals, and they were delish. Kids (and adults) would be pleased with this non-middle eastern option. Tasty! 

Their prices are extremely reasonable, they have a bakery store right next door, and they use only the freshest of meats. On top of which, as I said, the customer service can't be beat, and the food is prepared with care and passion. Don't miss the rice and falafel, people. Go in with a little bit of patience, and you can bet you'll be rewarded!
I was excited about the prospect of Ali Baba's. It's owned by the same folks who run Open Sesame Market, right next door. The market sells great products so I figured they should serve them well too. However that's not the case.

We ordered the lamb kebab and beef shawarma plates, the appetizer trio (choice of humus or babaganouj, falafel and dolmas) and fries. The fries were underdone and over seasoned. The lamb and beef were seasoned fairly well but were overdone. The dolmas were bland, the falafel was pretty tasty but, get this...no humus or babaganouj. They ran out! I'd go back to a joint just for the humus if it was good enough. You can't run a middle Eastern restaurant and run out of humus, it simply isn't done. The food is dirt cheap, I can give them that, and the service was excellent. Those were the only bright spots of the experience.

I definitely recommend a visit to Open Sesame Market but if you're hungry do yourself a favor, head across the street and hit up J.T. Gryos. He sources his stuff from Kronos Foods, but Kronos ain't bad at all and J.T. really knows how to slang it.
Do not go here of you want fast service. Or any service, really. It's a shame because their food is amazing. But it's hard to enjoy when they literally disappear for your entire meal. I think there is one person running the whole place, including cooking. I've seen people walk on and wait for 10 minutes at the front and leave when no one comes out of the kitchen the entire time. I called ahead to get food to go. I asked for 3 dishes. When she told me it would be 45 minutes, I quickly said nevermind and that I wanted to cancel the order because I needed to pick it up sooner than that. She said - ok, we'll have it ready in 15 or 20 minutes. Fine. So I arrive. Nobody at the counter. Ring the bell. 5 minutes later, someone comes out, delivers food to the one table. Walks right past me back to the kitchen. What the heck!? So I ring the bell again. It's been 20 minutes since I called. He says it's not ready, and I pay. 45 minutes into it, my food comes out. I have to ask for extra rice because they forgot. Total bill was $33 for 3 dishes that I waited 50 minutes for. The portions are usually big -- this was 1/2 a to-go styrofoam container full. Not enough to fill a plate. I took pictures so I could show the owner when I drive past again. Absolutely insane!
I'm not sure why some people priced this $$ instead of $, because this is one of the most inexpensive restaurants I've ever eaten at. And the quality was great! I've eaten at other Mediterranean or Middle Eastern restaurants; Ali Baba tops them! The hummus came with a generous covering of olive oil that gave it a nice flavor, and the pita was the best I've ever had. I ordered the chicken shawerma and it was only $4.99!! All the sandwiches are similarly priced and the plates are only around $7-8. Portions were very generous; couldn't finish off the shawerma. 

The restaurant is also elegantly decorated in Arab styles; it's not tacky or bland.

Great dining experience. Highly recommended!
My Nephew dared me to open up an account on Yelp and write a review because I loved this little restaurant so much.  So here goes, my first review.  We found out about his restaurant because we were in the sister Halal Meat Market doing a little shopping.  The girl at the counter highly recommended the restaurant next door if we were interested in eating out for dinner.  We took up her on the offer and arrived just before 9pm.  There were already a few people finishing up dinner.  First we ordered the Baba ghanoush for the appetizer.  It arrived fast enough with freshly baked Pita Bread on the side.  The Baba ghanoush was excellent.  Very Fresh and home made taste with just a bit of spice.  The bread was chewy and warm and was the perfect compliment to the acidity of the Eggplant and the olive and spices.  The Main Dish was a Chicken  Shawarma Plate.  It consisted of sliced pieces of Chicken,  Rice, picked middle eastern vegtibles, and some yogurt on the side.  The Chicken was very flavorful and moist.  I would expect the meat to be fresh and good because the Butcher is right next door.    I loved the picked Vegetable that accompanied the Chicken, it set off a nice balance to the spiciness of the meat.  The rice was perfectly made  and the dish as a whole was quite tasty.  If you need some more spice, ask for a side of chili sauce.  I'm not sure what it was, a mixture of sriracha sauce and something else perhaps.  What ever it was, it was very complimentary to the main dish.  I also ordered a side Middle Eastern Salad.  It was very tasty but I probably would recommend that they add some more olives and other pickled veggies as it seemed a little lacking with lettuce and salad dressing the main component of the salad.   When the bill came, I was so surprised how a great fresh meal for two was so cheap.  Appetizer, Salad, main course and drinks all for under 30 bucks.  Unbelievable!!  I've eaten a lot of Gyro/Shawarma places all over the world and Ali Baba's come up right there with some of the finest places I have tried.  The food is super fresh and the prices are very reasonable.
This place earned some serious yum points. I came here on a Friday night around 6:30- only one other couple was seated. We ordered the hummus, which came with warm pita and my mind was blown. For my dish I ordered the falafel sandwich. I LOVED it! I had the hardest time finding a good falafel here in AZ-it is now found! The fries were amazing too! :) My boyfriend ordered chicken shwarma (I had serious plate envy) which was absolutely delicious! The chicken was so tender!!! 

I see a lot of complaints about slow service, but I thought service was a good speed. I also had great conversation to keep me entertained, so who can complain? 

I would highly recommend Ali Baba's :)
Really good Middle Eastern food! My new go-to place when I crave lamb - they know how to grill it right! I also enjoyed their dolma, which surprised me because before this I have not been a fan of stuffed grape leaves. The prices are so easy on the budget (http://s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/mw7jP7__P7sFk6OjDr8pog/l.jpg), which makes this place even more enticing (thumbs my nose at Haji-Baba in Tempe). It's definitely not fast food, but the wait is definitely worth it.
I went on a Thursday at around 6:00 PM.   I overlooked the fact I was the only patron there (MAJOR CLUE).     I ordered the falafel; they were out. (WTH, are you kidding me?)   I ordered the lamb kabob and was advised it would take 30 minutes to cook; I declined.  I ordered a gyro thinking that would be quick; it wasn't.  How long does it take to carve meat off a rotating spit?  15 minutes evidently...  Did I mention I was the only one there?  OK enough about the lack of service and the fact the staff/owners were outside smoking right by the entrance.  I don't know about you, but I hate second hand smoke as I am about to dine or right after.   Anyway,  I am saving the worst for last. 

The meat was so dry and salty as to be inedible.  I left most of it on the plate.  Honest to goodness, no exaggeration,  it was the worst gyro I have ever had.   I suspect it had been cooking for days or even weeks for all I know,  since all I got was the "toasted", dried-out pieces and none of the moist parts from the inside.  If you think I am kidding go and try it, but go to the grocery next store first.   I walked in, took a breath and almost got sick.  I walked out and went through the aforementioned "smoke-curtain" to what I thought was going to be a decent Middle Eastern dinner.   

For record,  I LOVE Middle-Eastern food and the associated smells.  For those of you that have rated this the place to go, I am glad you like it.   I hated it I mean REALLY hated it and will not go back unless I lose a bet.

For me, that place in Tempe (Haji-Baba)  is still the best, by far, but sadly it is too far for me to drive for just a meal.   For those of you in Tempe, I remain envious.
Stopped in here for lunch today, joined by Norm R.  This is a nice cafe with a friendly host and reasonable prices.  For this first visit, I had a Gyro Sandwich ($3.99) & a Side House Salad ($2.99).  Both were of good size.

The salad was very plain, consisting only of Romaine Lettuce, some cubes of tomato, & an oily dressing without much flavor.  The Gyro was ok, but I didn't think it was anywhere as good as the ones at Haji-Baba, for example, so for me Ali Baba's here is just ok among our Middle Eastern restaurant choices in the Valley.     :-)
We came across this restaurant on Groupon and thought we'd give it a try. The food was exceptional, the staff was friendly, and the prices were very reasonable. We will absolutely be back!
Text food, high quality. The Falafel sandwich is great! A real midetrian taste. The Sahwerma, checken and meat are tasty. The only disadvantage is the slow preparation for the food which is a result of the real home cooking they provide. The prices are not expensive nor cheap.
Very nice people, great food at great prices.  I would definitely go back again and again.
The people who run this restaurant and the store next door are wonderfully nice but the food at the restaurant leaves something to be desired.  I have tried it three times (I really like the family who runs it) and it is just too inconsistent and never great.  And like many others have said, the service can be slow and I get the feeling they don't take running a restaurant very seriously.  I am afraid of what the kitchen might look like.  I've never gotten ill or anything but the restaurant is so half-assed.   It really is a shame because this part of town really NEEDS a great middle eastern restaurant.  If you want great Greek (gyros and shawarma), try the place next to Best Buy that faces Lowes there on Thunderbird and the i-17.  They are consistently wonderful.
Good food. Nice waitstaff. Great tea. Service is a little slow, but the pita is amazing.
I was really happy to find such a wonderful restaurant nearby.  I took my family out for dinner on a Monday night.  After reading some of the good and bad reviews, I was prepared for either outcome.  I'm so glad we gave Ali Baba's a try.  Everything was home cooked and delicious.   The woman who served us was also the owner of the grocery next door and was very friendly and encouraged us to try some wonderful items on the menu.  When I mentioned I was a vegetarian, she also invited me to try a dish not on the menu that they had prepared for another customer that was very good.  I would highly recommend this restaurant for someone looking for a friendly environment and a good healthy fresh meal.
On a Friday night when I didn't know what to make for dinner, I dragged my husband and three kids to this local place.  The first thing my husband asked as we pulled up was "have you yelped this place?"  It's the end cap of a small strip mall and doesn't look like much from the outside or the inside, but it was a pleasant surprise for me.

To put this review in context this is a very inexpensive place to eat and my review is based on the comparison to other, similar restaurants and not any high end or national chain places.

Two other tables of single individuals were there when we arrived.  They each apparently knew the owners/staff and by the time we left they were all sitting together chatting.  I like that kind of vibe and I'm not sure why this place isn't more popular.  

The food was good.  We had hummus, fries, gyro, falafel sandwich, chicken kebab and chicken swarma.  I have no complaints about the speed of service or anything else.  For me, the real star of the meal was the baklava.  We tried three of their desserts including a truly outstanding traditional baklava.  I'll go back for that alone.  

With two apps, four entrees and three desserts, our tab was less than $50.  

Why the missing star?  A couple of little things.  aside from water, they only had soda - no lemonade or milk- which are my kids' favorites.  Unfortunately kids are picky eaters sometimes also.  The fries were a great bridge, but I would love to see a kids plate that is an intro to the food.  Perhaps the rice without seasoning combined with smaller cubes of chicken kebab, some hummus and bread, cucumbers, tomatoes and pickles (they loved the pickles!).  

Otherwise, this was a great little place.
We ended up coming here to eat on a Friday evening after discovering our favorite gyro place on 35th Ave & Bell had been shut down.  We had driven by many times and heard many reviews, so decided to try it.

The lady who greeted us was friendly and chatty and and took our orders immediately.  There was only one other table occupied.  We ordered the appetizer sampler which came with hummus (awesome!!) falafel (double awesome!!) and dolmas (amazing!!) along with warm pita.  A short time later our entrees came out; I had the lamb gyro with fries, my wife the chicken schwarma with fries and my daughter the beef schwarma with fries.  Everything was hot and fresh and very tasty. Then came the baklava!!  Huge slices of baklava that were to die for.  I have been stationed in the Middle East and this is as good as any food I have had overseas.  The owner spent a lot of time chatting with us; she really made us feel welcome, more as if we were at her home for a meal rather than in a retaurant.  We waddled out, and for all the food we ate it was $39.00.  Well worth the trip and I'll be back soon...
I absolutely love everything about Ali Baba... the food is amazing and the service is so personable.  The falafel is the best I have ever had, and I've worked at Greek and Lebanese restaurants.  The prices can NOT be beat for this quality of food.

Had a long talk with "Mom" when she happened to be there on one of my visits... she has so much pride in her recipes and it comes through with every bite!  Oh... save room for the baklava (made in house) and Turkish coffee!  Holy hell Batman!!
food was good, for person that grow up on this food its just ok
In Short:
Tasty Food - Low prices. 
Freshly made Soft Pita with Hummus. Cheap Gyro Sandwiches
Love their Lamb Platter.

Details:
This review is based on my visits to this place in late 2013.
Manytimes I call them up for take out. My regular order is Lamb Platter with Rice. On the side Hummus with Pita bread.

Pros
The lamb is perfectly made based on what you order. I mostly go for Well Done. Pita bread is always freshly made and soft. Hummus tastes great.
I've tried the Baklava here, but not as good as I expected.
The rates are very reasonable and you can have a full course within $15. 
There's only one guy who helps with orders and serving, and he's awesome with service. :)

Cons
I tried Dine In and Lunch, and it took a while for the food to reach me. That's when I've decided on Take outs. I had a bad experience once with partially cooked rice.
I've tried their Falafel, and they are on the crunchier side.(Little Extra Fried)

The Ambiance is good, you will find a few curtains covering some doorways. There are a few hangings and some mid eastern artwork to get the Authentic feel.
We decided to try a new Middle Easter restaurant last night and, as is always the case for us living in Goodyear, packed up the car for our own little Haj to this place light years away from suburbia.  Oh well:  if you can't deal with having to take a pilgrimage to eat in Phoenix, then don't move out to the middle of nowhere in the West Valley, right?

Actually, we were very happy we overcame our objections to taking out a second mortgage on the house to buy enough gas for the car and spent the 45 minutes one way to come to Ali Baba's.  Definitely worth the drive.

The other half decided to go with an order of baba ganoush as an appetizer and a chicken shwarma as his main dish; I chose a variety of appetizers as my main meal:  a combo plate, which came with dolmas, falafel and hummus; a side order of baba ganoush and one of labna.

Right off, we were delightfully surprised by the baba ganoush, which came to the table.  While most of the baba ganoushes I've had are either smooth like hummus or a little lumpy, this one had large chunks of eggplant in it and a pleasantly smoky taste.  Obviously, they must get a number of compliments about it, because while in the middle of my speech about how I've been to Middle Eastern restaurants all over the world and this baba ganoush was one of the best I've tasted, she was already thanking me out of anticipation  (or maybe she could tell I was on the cusp of launching a pompous pronouncement and thought she could cut me short before my speech took up all her time before closing time 3 hours away?!).

Speaking of 'chatty', as one of the reviewers stated in a review from 20 August 2013, I would not say the proprietor is 'chatty'.  She's from an area north of NYC -- though she hasn't lived there for more than 30 years -- and I would describe her as being "forthright" and "direct".  This might be a bit unnerving to a lot of people out west, who tend to be reserved and not gregarious with outright strangers; but this gregariousness is very typical of New Yorkers and can be quite charming and amusing to those familiar with it  (see?  I told you, I was pompous and chatty!).

The labna was also quite good and very creamy.  While thick, it seemed to melt in your mouth like smooth butter and I suspect that's the olive oil doing its job.  The big surprise for me, however, was the combo appetizer plate:  the dolmas were nothing to really talk about --- your standard, small and moist ones you can get out of a can (which may or may not be the case here, as they had a taste atypical of canned dolmas).  The prize for obviously-homemade dolmas still goes to The Golden Greek and Haji Baba, whose dolmas -- while distinctly different from one another -- are obviously made in-house and are very good.  The falafel were cute, small, muffin shaped and moist.  They did fall apart easily when you put fork to them even though they were moist; and I don't know what this means in terms of "falafel culture" (i.e., whether that's good or not).  The hummus was surprisingly thin and liquidy, which, considering how thick the labna and baba ganoush was, really surprised me.  Still, quite tasty.  All of this is served with copious amounts of bread, which I would NOT classify as pita (especially as the partner's chicken shwarma was on 'standard' pita).  This bread was almost like a 'double-pita':  thick, well toasted, crunchy.  Especially useful in scooping up the thick baba ganoush.  The size of the appetizer portions were quite large and thus very reasonably priced.

My partner assures me that the chicken shwarma was very good, with thick pieces of chicken and a sauce much better than at, say, Haji Baba, which we use as the Gold Standard against all Middle Eastern restaurants in the Valley.  How unfortunate, that this restaurant, which measures up very good against Haji Baba, and in some respects passes it, is as far away or further from us than Haji Baba in the East Valley!

At $1.99 per piece, the baklava is reasonably priced and the portions generous.  While not swimming in lemon juice and honey -- which, I admit, I'm partial to -- it is very moist.  We both found it to be very sweet, but, to be fair, we generally avoid sweet foods, so our opinion on that should be taken with ... a grain of sugar? ... whatever.  The strong Turkish coffee does offset that sweetness.

The only 'negative' in this whole review is the lighting.  Like many restaurants in the Valley, this one is in an office in a strip mall, which was never designed to be a restaurant.  Thus, it has the 'standard' tiled ceiling with fluorescent lights.  It is obvious by the decoration in the restaurant, sparse as it is, that a lot of effort was taken to give the atmosphere a Middle Eastern ambience and to overcome the harshness and inhospitable feeling of being in an office.  Unfortunately, the fluorescent lighting, while no doubt efficient, casts a pale, bright light over everything and this overwhelms what is otherwise very nice decor.
Ran into this place by accident but because I lived in the Middle East for 5 years thought we would give it a try.  Lady up front was very personable and funny.  We had falafel sandwichs and the arabic chicken shawarma with sides of hummus and babaganouj.  The falafels were fresh and very good (ask for extra sauce on the side). The babaganouj was good too but the pita bread was just okay. Seems to be different pita than what was used for the falfel sandwiches? Any way, the hummus was good too but perhaps a little more lemon than I like.  I prefer more garlic (personal thing). The real winner of the day was the arabic chicken shawarma!  Fresh, tasty, tender and the sauce was fantastic!  Server told me they use a different bread than pita on the arabic shawarma. Tasted most like the ones I had been missing from the Middle East and the best I have had since moving back to the U.S.  Going back?   Oh yeah!
Great family atmosphere, food is tasty and fresh. Everyone is so genuine and so personable. I come here with my family and I'm never disappointed. Their cucumber dip is to die for.
This place has very delicious food and that is very fresh! Great service and inexpensive. Love this place!
Awesome food for such a low price.. Great service as well. My regular lunch joint now!
Don't be fooled by its location in a tiny strip mall. This is an amazing Mediterranean restaurant at a very reasonable price. The shawerma fries were A-M-A-Z-I-N-G, but be aware, the portion is very large so prep your appetite! Their pitas are freshly baked and hummus home made, so that is another must have when you go there.

It may be a tad bit quiet on the weekdays for lunch but believe me they don't skimp on the quality even when there are not as many customers. This place is a hidden treasure and deserves to be discovered by all those who loves good Mediterranean food.
W e showed up at 1105 and they opened at 1100. my wife ordered the gyro sandwich. I ordered the Ali Baba combo with the three different kabobs One lamb, beef, and chicken. I try to order the lamb kabobs everywhere I go. I am not much of a gyro eater. so after ordering my waiter comes back to tell me none of the kabobs are prepared since THEY JUST OPENED. so in the end I am stuck eating a gyro since that's all that seems to be able to be cooked. So never show up when they open unless you want a gyro. MAYBE THEY SHOULD SHOW UP BEFORE 11 AM TO PREP FOOD SO THEY DO NOT ANGER THE CUSTOMERS. As far as I am concerned I should have gone elsewhere. The Gyro sandwich is plain, a child's portion of meat, and sauce tastes like it's mayo based. The food that was able to be cooked is well below adverage. I have eaten at a minimum of 200 Mediterranean style restaurants since I work all over the USA. The fact that I could only order a subpar gyro for lunch is why the 1 star. We Will Never Return.
The food here is so good, I'm honestly surprised it's not much busier. The tahini sauce...I'm so in love with the tahini sauce...definitely try the Appetizer Trio and douse the falafel in that sauce. 

I also recommend the lamb kabob sandwich and the combo platter.
The food here is pretty good. The place is somewhat inexpensive and was tasty.  There was such a large variety of food that it seemed difficult to pick which food to pick. If you don't know which food to pick, try there shawerma fries or ask for some recommendations.
Weekly, we order freshly baked bread here to go which is reasonably priced. The bread is incredibly delicious, soft and melts in your mouth. It's basically a type of flat-bread (aka "Big Chipati"). All their desserts are also reasonably priced and equally fantastic. The service is excellent and the place is very clean. No complaints.
Fellow Yelper Kurdy S and I came to this Palestinian bakery and restaurant for dinner after finding it on Yelp. The dcor consisted of tables spread across the room, decent lighting, and a large empty bakery counter with a few bags of homemade pita remaining.  We were the only customers in the restaurant the entire night, so there was not much to describe in terms of the atmosphere.

The Hummus with Pita ($3.99) came with blended chickpea, tahini, lemon, garlic, tomato, olives, and pickled veggies. The Hummus was excellent, as the smooth chickpea and tahini stood out to follow the sharp garlic and lemony backdrop. All the sharp flavors worked in concert with their warm homemade pita bread. The bread was thick, soft, spongy, highly addictive, and served piping hot. It was so good that I can imagine eating this pita bread all day long and not get tired of it. It was a fantastic option for the price.

The Ali Baba Combo ($14.99) came with three skewers of lamb, kufta, chicken kabob, pickled veggies, and basmati rice. The meat was wonderfully seasoned, cooked evenly, and tender with a few chewy spots here and there. All the skewers were tremendously flavorful, with the chicken breast kabob that became the highlight. I recommend it.

The Chicken Sharwerma Sandwich ($4.99) came with seasoned chicken, piping hot pita, tomatoes, pickles, and "Ali Baba" sauce. The chicken again was tender with full-on flavor. One of the reviewers mentioned that the sauce was mayo based, but the combination was still worthwhile for the price. 

Prices were fantastic but I'm giving this place a lower rating because the food took an hour to arrive. Additionally, service and ambiance were lacking, as there was very little warmth or acknowledgement of our needs while we waited for the food to arrive. It was a one-man operation with another person sitting there reading newspaper the entire time. Despite it all, the food was wonderfully delicious. Our experience suggests that this place might be more appropriate for lunch than dinner. I'd be interested in coming back to try their Arabic-style Shawerma.
This is a small place near Sahara & Fort Apache. The owner is the chef / cook.

Falafel is made to order. I love falafel and these were very good.
The hummus is freshly made, very creamy and several flavors were available.

Enough food to take home for a later meal. There were several types of baklava but I was too full to try them this time.
What a refreshing place to dine. Got a coupon from Living Social and decided to check it out. The owner was really nice, and the food was prepared fresh while we waited. It was amazingly good. We have eaten at many Mediterranean restaurants, and usually pricey ones at that, and they couldn't beat the food we were served here. Very good and very very inexpensive. For under $20 we left stuffed and will an entire box of leftovers for lunch the next day!
I can't believe I live this close and we have never been here. 
Price, Value and selection; nobody even comes close. 

FYI when you order the Hummus- one plate is good enough for 2-3 people. 
Comparing: 
-the hummus is better than at Sammy's woodfire pizza (which is okay to get my fix) and ALI Babba in San Diego. 
-the bread is more generous here but Sammy's is better. 

I have ate at alot of Arabic restaurants. So I used the places that have I like best to compare it too. 
The Tabouli- is OFF THE CHAIN- so good. Which is just opposite to Palms casino buffet which carries alot of Arabic food that borders lines offensive and is gross.
I was getting home sick for my mom's cooking even though she is Filipino she can make some awesome middle eastern food! She was taught by my grandmother who I never had the pleasure of meeting but her spirit lives on through my mom's cooking! 

The food at the Hummus Bar matches my mom's home cooked meals which I was really excited about. I had the Red Pepper Hummus ($7.95) and opted for the spicy version. My husband had the Hummus with Chicken Breast ($9.95). I liked the consistency of the hummus which was smoother than Sammy's Woodfire Pizza 's Hummus which is on the gritty side. They serve the hummus with warm pita bread. The pita bread was fluffier and softer than the type you get at the store. The chicken that came with my husband's plate was flavorful but carnivores beware there isn't a lot of meat served with this dish. 

We also had the Tabouli ($2.95) which had a nice zesty flavor to it. I showed my husband the difference between fresh Tabouli and sad Tabouli. The Hummus Bar 's version had nice green leaves which were not wilted compared to the Palms Tabouli that they serve in their buffet . The Palms Tabouli is a dark murky green from sitting out too long and it is very salty! 

The food here was more than enough for 3 people so we took the rest home for tomorrow's lunch. The food is good quality and very fresh! Now if I can only find a good Filipino food place besides Jolly-bee close by then I would be all set!
Best hummus in town!!!!!!! The pita is soft and tastes great too!! The owner is very friendly and takes great pride in his food too! I will definately return!!!
For some reason every middle easter restaurant in Vegas is really really overpriced EXCEPT FOR THIS ONE.  We just ate here and honestly it tastes just like the places in Israel.  The cook is amazing and the food is made fresh and with lots of care. 

I highly recommend this place.
Every time I think of hummus I think of Bruno confusing it with Hamas. This happens often as hummus has become one of my favorite foods. 

Naturally I had to try a place that highlights something that is usually just a "sauce". 

The BF and I shared: 

Baba ganoush ($5.95) they serve you a bowl full. It's creamier than most and more yogurt like. It has a good smoky flavor though and good little bites of eggplant. 

Hummus, salad, falafel, drink combo ($9.95)- The hummus is good here; it's a smooth and creamy consistency with good flavor. The salad it comes with is cucumber,tomato, onion salad simply dressed with lemon and olive oil. They give you small falafel that is light and crunchy.  I prefer a softer, denser lightly crunchy ball. 

The pita accompany it is fluffy and great. They offer a "free salad bar" and it's not what I think when I hear that word. It's more accompaniments than dinner salad. It was more like pickled carrots, pickled spicy cauliflower, red cabbage slaw, radishes, hot sauce, stewed tomatoes making up the spread. Everything was fresh, homemade tasting and went well with the baba and hummus. 

The portions were generous since we took home enough for a snack later.

There are trays of sweets so we were curious to try some. I ended up getting a orange blossom water infused baklava square and the BF got one that was plain with a cherry on top. The chef (presumably owner) gave us a bag of little crunchy balls covered in the same type of syrup as the baklava. Everything was pretty good, but small. It was $1.99 for a two bite piece so while the meal is a deal of a price the desserts aren't.

It's a basic little place and the staff was pretty nice. One interesting plus is there is a sink outside the bathroom for washing hands. 

I think if you are seeking a fresh meal this is a great spot.
Da Spot!
I tried many middle eastern restaurants in Vegas... those ones that charge you 6.99 for a side of hummus only to find out you get a 2 ouncer... This is a prime location that serves PREMIUM Hummus dishes!

much like they serve in Israel!! 

you must give it a try, and be careful, you will fall in love - only this time, love wont hurt it'll be rich and creamy :P
Initially, I was trying to find the Panini Cafe but walked into the hummus bar instead, since I was not minding the signs. But nonetheless, I'm soo happy I did, no offense to the panini cafe. The woman and man working behind the counter were so welcoming and even gave me a free sweet dessert. Hummus was amazing and I got a bug bowl of lentil soup for only $2.95! Nice warm and fluffy pita bread was served along side the hummus which I smothered it with.  I got the dish that came with felafel balls (6) and hummus, which was a big portion for two, i think, considering I only could finish half of it

On another occasion, I ordered their hummus with onion and mushroom, which also comes with about 3 fluffy pieces of pita bread but I asked for extra, where they gave me 2 more but charged me $1 extra ;(.  It was just as good as the other dish I had and essentially the same but with onions and mushroom mix in.

The place is extremely small where I counted, I think, 5 tables or so. I really don't recommend bringing a big group in here, but take out is always a good option. They also had patio seating which is a nice option when the weather permits it.  Other than that, if you are looking for the panini cafe, its next door.  I was happy to come in here because it was pretty low key and I didn't really want to sit in a restaurant type place by my lonesome.  So thanks hummus bar for unknowingly luring me in.
I was going to take hubby out to a pizza place last night.  When I checked yelp again to confirm directions, my eye noticed a NEW REVIEW NEAR YOU.  Yup, Hummus Bar.  Cool.  Let's go there instead!

The interior is nothing spectacular and the menu is small, both good signs to me (i.e., the focus is - hopefully! - on the food).  We ordered the hummus and falafel combo and the hummus-2 skewers-in a pita combo.  Both were fantastic and made to order using very fresh ingredients.  Smooth, creamy hummus, crunchy-on-the-outside falafel, and lots of fresh veggies in the pita sandwich.  As other reviewers have stated, there is a small salad bar that features traditional Israeli salads.  Most of them were on the spicy side (reminiscent in a way of kimchi, to me) and all were flavourful.

The chef appeared a bit surly at first, all no-nonsense and what-do-you-want-already, but after telling him it was our first time there and that we really liked our meal, he seemed to open up.  Our chef told us that the Hummus Bar has only been open for about 7 months (he's been cooking all his life, however).  Also, he is passionate about food quality; he said that "other places use chicken that smells funny".....he goes several steps further and washes his chicken with vinegar and lemon juice to "make sure they are clean and good.  You will see my chicken breasts are not tough, yes?"  Yes.

Chef also convinced us to try the "cold dessert"....I asked him what it was called, to which he responded "cold dessert."  :)  It was quite good: a spongy cake soaked in a rum sauce (I think) topped with whipped cream and a cherry.  Hubby ate most of it, as I was stuffed.

Portions are large, prices are reasonable enough, and service is fine, although you may want to engage the chef in food talk to really get him smiling.  We'll come here again soon to try the other types of hummus.
The hummus is amazing! It is made fresh when you order it.  The falafel is also made fresh to order and is very light!!! The cilantro hummus is my fave! The best part is the relish bar. Amazing little salads. I even had a work party catered by them.  The price was very reasonable and everyone enjoyed the food- especially the honey balls. Please ask the owner/chef how he prepares the chicken. It's a Long process which makes the chicken so tender.
My husband and I had lunch here today and what a delight. Everything is made fresh.  We had chicken and beef with humus and tabouli. .  My husband had a garlic concoction that the owner made   Absolutely great They make their own pita bread  Excellent. And the desserts were yummy.  Can't wait to go back
We checked out the Hummus Bar back in August courtesy of our LivingSocial coupon and I was hesitant to write the very first review.  It wasn't even on Yelp yet!  I think it's about time.

I ordered the hummus with falafels.  First off, the hummus was  really good - it was smooth, creamy, and tasty.  So very tasty.  My mistake was getting the falafels.  It came with an order of five and a dipping sauce.  I'm no falafel expert, but I've had my share of freshly made falafels and this was far from it.  It was dried out, possibly frozen even!  I was horrified!  But, I should have known better because this place is called the Hummus Bar after all and not the Falafel Bar.  So, stick with the hummus! It came with a cucumber, tomato and onion salad too, which was fresh.  They momentarily forgot about my pita bread, and I was stuck wondering how the heck I was going to eat my hummus.

The Husband got a some skewered meat in a pita, which he thought was just okay as well.  He admitted that he should have stuck with the hummus too.

The free accompaniments were a nice addition, you just help yourself to the pickled goodies.

The additional sink outside the restroom is also helpful!

Service - a few yelpers mention how friendly the staff were and we quite didn't get that impression when we went.  Actually, the Husband mentioned how cold and indifferent the staff were to us, and I would have to agree.

Overall, I went when they first opened and I think they probably have improved since then.  It looks like they may be related to the Panini Cafe next door that's more of a sit down restaurant.  The Hummus Bar is a very casual space.  I'd go back...just for the hummus of course!
The food's excellent but watch out for the cans of soda at $1.75 ea.  The owner/chef provided our group of 3 with a free sample of one of their desserts and it was also awesome.
I've frequented almost all the Middle Eastern restaurants in Vegas and I have to say that Hummus Bar has the best hummus of them all.  Sababa is a close second.  The consistency is like a thick and creamy cake batter.  Fan-freaking-tastic!  This is one place to try for sure if you love hummus!
sadly I went there today to try it out and it was closed and the # is disconnected.
Talk about bang for your buck! I've now been to Sinbad's twice, and both times I left stuffed to the gills, and eagerly awaiting my next visit, and thinking about what I'll order when I return. 

The menu has all the standard Middle Eastern staples; the clientele in my two visits has been almost exclusively Arabic-speaking; the location is "hole-in-the-wall." The entrees are big enough to share, and are served with free appetizers of hummus, Arabic pickles, and jajeek.

All in all, worth the drive to the West side.
I went there today for lunch with a coworker, not sure of what we would be walking into.  The strip mall is pretty sketchy and the seating is extremely limited. It took a few minutes to be served (which was difficult because we were hungry and they had great smells coming from the kitchen), and we had some communication issues, but the staff was very friendly. I ordered the gyros, and was provided with free hummus, bread, pickled beets/cabbage, and a cucumber dressing (like tzatziki?) all of which were extremely tasty.  My gyro was extremely flavorful, and served on a warm pita (not to mention, super cheap!).  I will definitely be back.
I felt like I was teleported back to the Middle East for a bit.

When you walk into Sinbad's it doesn't take a Middle-Easterner to realize that this is an authentic, family-run joint.  It smells good and they are making fresh bread even in the midst of lunch time.  

I ordered the special: two Gyro's for $5.  Trust me, I know Gyro's are Greek (typically referred to as Shawarma's in Arabic and made with Arabic pita's instead of Greek ones), but that's how they advertised and made them.  However, they had plenty of options available in Arabic jargon and fresh pitas for sale too.  The interior is very basic, with simple tables next to an open kitchen and Arabic televison playing in the background.  

The Gyro itself was pretty good.  It tasted fresh and came with plenty of fixings, but it was missing a bit more meat.  The service was a bit slow (but I lend that to the authenticity) and very cordial.  

I hope that this will not be my last time here and I put my stamp of approval on Sinbad's for the time being!
Nearly a buffet of free appetizers (tabbouleh, hummus, soup, fresh bread, tzatziki) come with any of their kabobs and $5 for two gyros which are delicious as they are large.  The three of us walked away with more food than we ate and spent $25 for pretty much a four course meal... Not to mention it was all completely delicious!  Don't let its hole-in-the wall looks fool you!  If you like greek/middle eastern food you are doing yourself a disservice by not eating here.
Food's decent - staff is generally friendly. The place is a little rough by US standards. Actually, it was a lot like places I went in the middle east in a number of ways. If you're squeamish about sparkling walls and counters, this probably isn't the place for you. If you're willing to overlook a bit to have some traditional middle east food, go for it - you should like it.
The food was wonderful; could have had better service; never offered drinks or took our order. I'm assuming their system is their own; order upfront and wait at a booth for your food.  I have had wonderful middle eastern food and that was in Alex, Egypt. Their service is just like ours and more; we sit and server will come to us, the norm for places that are called resturant.
I've been going to this place for years, and the food is awesome! the place isn't fancy and you have to serve your own drink but what the heck.... i always go with the sinbads combo, and every time it hits the spot!  the pitas and the bread is fresh made, brought hot to your table....   the owners are very nice its a family owned business
I'm a fan a most of their food, but their gyros are cheap, and unsatisfying. Their other food is quite good.
The food is good and authentic and since they are a locally and family owned place I think they deserve four stars. 
If you go there, don't expect a nice dine in experience. The location is not one of the best in Phoenix and the place is very small, hot, and not the best looking. I have been there twice now and both times we decided to take out. Prices are very reasonable and the food is made fresh.
2 Gyros for $5. Free soup, free bread!! I love this place. The meal portions are so generous!! The workers are so nice. Downside in a not so nice area and it has no air conditioner
Wow. Excellent food! Bread made in front if you. Portions the size of Texas! Come hungry! Prices are great too!
I've had more of their food, and I just love it. I also buy their fresh bread they make on site often.

Just skip the gyros. They make them so cheap to get people in, but their food is so good it ends up displaying their worst item.

The chicken tikka sandwhich is awesome. So many good items!
I ordered beef kebab , it came in three long strips without any sides and it was 13 dollars. Really ?? i had to pay 2 more dollars for rice to be added. The portion was way small for that money. The place is not for US standards, it is more like a place you would see in the middle east. The staff is great and helpful.
This place is on the Northwest corner of 35th and Glendale. Ever been to a "hole in the wall" place that had the most excellent food? this is that kind of place. I think the best description of the food here is authentic. They are working on a new restaurant right near the current one but for now, I recommend take out. The food is the best and service is friendly but the current location is a bit small and very warm.
I totally feel like Yelp let us down on this one. We've eaten LOTS of mediterranean food, and this wasn't anywhere close to the best. To the point that I was wondering if we were in the right place. The service was super friendly, almost to the point of being overbearing, and the 3 of us ordered about half the menu. Unfortunately, I liked maybe 1 thing. The schwarma with rice was insanely dry and bland, the tabbouleh tasted like it was mostly onions, the pickles had a really odd flavor (probably they were fermented), the hummus needed flavor, etc. The bread was good, but bland. Seriously, Mediterranean food is all about flavor, and this food had none.
That and the creepy movies playing on the tv in the back of the restaurant were enough to make me wonder what all of the other reviews are thinking. Seriously, go to Pita Kitchen in Avondale.
Sinbad's has moved its location to a larger, cooler spot. They are really evolving this restaurant and dinning in is now a pleasure. The food is just as delicious and authentic as ever.
Great food.  I love the fresh baked Bread here. The service is good and the new establishment much more nicer than the original location.  Food peons are very filing.  Most times I can't eat my whole meal.
This place was recommended by a colleague and I was in the area at a meeting. Decided to go in and take carry out.  Wow!  2 gyros sandwiches for $5 and 2 whole rotisserie chickens for $11.99!  Then you can get a big container of humice for only $3.99 and the BEST homemade pita I have EVER had and you can watch them make it through a window!  Check this place out! People were coming in and buying big stacks of the homemade pita to take home and I can see why! The people were really nice and proud of their food. I will be frequenting this great little new gem on Glendale Ave!
New building is incredible, significantly improved. food is still amazing, it is now a place I would take people to, and not feel odd about how dirty, hot and cramped it is.

A real gem now!
Nawroz is definitely worth a visit, particularly at lunchtime with their excellent 7 for two course, 10 for three courses deal.

Overall, we said: "I was impressed by Nawroz. It offered accurately prepared, well presented dishes, with good quality ingredients, for an extremely reasonable price. In fact, it was exactly what I expected I'd get from Illegal Jack's, the other day. Funnily enough, my bill in Jack's and the bill for the two of us, today, were almost exactly the same amount. I think we'll be back to visit Nawroz again soon, particularly as it fits the profile for one of our Sunday refuelling stops, very nicely."
This place which is BYOB has a deal for a set menu for 32 for two. You get masses of food and the ice cream is amazing. Definitely worth a visit!
I have been here multiple times for lunch, so I will talk about the lunch...

Tasty, reasonably-priced food that isn't heavy/greasy.  I recommend the 7 quid two couse lunch special with hummus (comes with a huge naan!), and a shawarma of some kind.  The trick with the shawarma is to spoon some of the sauce onto it between each bite...   mmm.  Then if you like, you can use the leftover hummus on the shawarma too if you got hummus as part of the two course special...

Anyways, the staff is friendly, the food excellent, and while the prices aren't the cheapest around, you get good value for your money, at least with the lunch.  Compared to the other choices in the immediate area, this is my favorite so far...
I must admit, I wasn't too sure about Nawroz at first, it just looked too big to really be that good. I know, really poor reasoning, eh, but that's how I roll. On the positive side, the idea of checking out Kurdish and Afghani cuisine was always going to win out over my initial misgivings, and indeed, it was a definite winner. 

The service was lovely and polite, the food outstandingly delicious. The sea bass, bar the bones acting like a jailer to the delicious fish flesh below, was just phenomenal. I had some mighty tasting courgettes (kulakeh) and lucky for me, the silent reviewer had lamb skewers which allowed him a vegetable side, which he picked to be tapsi, the other option I swithered about. The lamb was proclaimed to be tender and melting, the tapsi (aubergine dish) was perfect, and the naan light and crispy. Couldn't ask for anything more. I heart Nawroz, and will definitely return, hopefully soon, perhaps tonight if I can swing it :)
I have a short review on this because it concurs with the other reviews. I was very happy to went trying Kurdish Cuisine at Nawroz. The menu has many options to choose from and have a special charcoal grilled menu which at around 13pounds you get a big nam, rice (or salad); a good portion of meat and a free additional side plate. Since I am fan of Okra, I took that as a side portion and  they were cooked in really good slightly spice sauce, which you can add onto the rice.  The main point I wanted to put forward is that the food is cooked and spiced quite different from the 'European way' so you get a real experience that you are eating something different.

On the other hand, I have to say that the place do not sell any alcoholic drinks, but it did not effect me as I often taken water. However I made an exception and took Mango juice and was a very good. Between 4 and 5 stars I am giving 5 becasue the place is large, clean and the staff very friendly. We were served by a tall Czech waiter who was chatty and took good care of us.
Set the wayback machine to November of 2013.  I am on a two-week journey in Edinburgh for reasons unrelated to food.  However, being a food blogger, I made a point to have at least one restaurant experience each day for the purposes of my reviews.  I figured that considering the amount of walking I'd been doing, I shouldn't have had any problem keeping my weight down.  By the end of the two weeks, I had gained ten pounds.  I blame restaurants like Nawroz for that.
Is this a critical review?  Not in the slightest.  I'm only saying that with nearly every restaurant I've been in, I've never seen more generosity in service and portions than businesses specializing in Middle Eastern cuisine.  Okay, perhaps I would put them on a tie with the Greeks, but I would much prefer large portions of Middle Eastern cuisine than of Greek.
Yeah, I know, I'm going to get murdered for that one.  

I'm not saying that Middle Eastern cuisine is better than Greek cuisine.  I'm saying that Middle Eastern cuisine is...clearly better, how can anyone argue with that?  I've said that certain cuisines become gateways to other cuisines; they stimulate your culinary curiosity while others are gastronomic thunderdomes.  Which would I put in the latter category?  Obviously American and westernized Chinese.  Even sushi is starting to fall into that category.  But gateway cuisines?  Indian definitely, French and maybe Dutch to lesser degrees, they all open our minds to new ideas, leading to other possibilities.  From Indian, you may try Nepalese, Persian, or Moroccan.  Of course, if one is talking technicalities, these countries are only lines on a map, and when addressing nutritional anthropology, what you get are hundreds of tribes migrating through history across Africa and Asia, sharing their ideas and techniques. 
 
Comprehending that, suddenly calling a certain cuisine Indian makes no sense, as what classifies as Indian food is actually several different culinary methods which happen to occupy that region.  What classifies as Indian changes depending on where in India you are?  In fact, naming a cuisine not after a country but a people should be more appropriate.  Kurdish cuisine encompasses Iran, Iraq, Syria, and Turkey.  With that, there are quite a few foods which the average curioso will recognize.  You'll find falafels, humus, flatbreads, baklava, and shawarma.  So what should you do when given such variety?  You order it all.

Wait, what?  

Nawroz offers various dishes but one is a mixed collection of various starters.  So the five of us ended up getting large mixed plates of starters with only two mains, allowing us to share in the traditional Middle Eastern fashion.  You don't order a main and lift from it selfishly.  You order a mountainous bowl of food and open the plates of the table to share.  This is what you do.  Nawroz should be experienced each time as a gathering of friends and family.  Invent a celebration if you have to.  Someone's birthday?  A wedding?  Christmas (which they celebrate at Nawroz ironically), or how about the traditional Iranian new year...which is actually called Nawroz.  So the restaurant is named after one of the most boisterous events in all the Middle East; why wouldn't you take that opportunity?  It's like a restaurant that celebrates Christmas all year round.

The dcor is perfect with what it attempts to convey: culture and tradition with mild compromises to operate as a functional restaurant.  Red and black chairs over a tiled floor, raw brick on the walls with hanging rugs, tapestries, and paintings.  Various regional iconographies rest upon the bar.  I can feel the pride of the owners in their culture by the dcor of the restaurant and the quality of their food.  Even the hummus is molded into a fan, topped with olives.  The flatbread is fried, a new first and favorite.  The mixed starters ranged from contemporary to intimidating and I devoured each and every one.  Even though we had ordered mixed starters for five with only two mains, we couldn't squeeze another plate of food onto our table.  Everything was good and we still had dessert waiting for us--three types of baklava with Turkish delight.  
I'll reiterate my previous point.  The various cultures of the Middle East know how to make people welcome and this is reflected in their restaurants.  Their food is munificent, huge portions at reasonable prices.  With Shezan and Nawroz being so close to each other (walking distance) I know that any future domiciles in Edinburgh would have to be in close proximity to this region so when I entertain visitors, I always have a place to go.  I am happy that my small home town has a Persian restaurant--so at least my absence from this cuisine would be short.

DECOR:  9
PLATING: 8
SERVICE:  8
FOOD:  9
VALUE:  10

OVERALL:  8.8 out of 10
The newly opened sister restaurant to Hanam's, Pomegranate offers middle eastern cuisine in smart, fresh surroundings. It's open until 3am at the weekend, so I could see it developing a cult following, as a late night dining spot.

Overall, we said: "Pomegranate is a new restaurant, with all thrills and spills inherent in a new venture. Even though the guys running the show are experienced restaurateurs, they are not immune from the vicissitudes of fate and fortune. It certainly fills a new niche in terms of a late place in this neighbourhood, offering a different option from the more established fare, so I'm confident the business will thrive. I'm also sure that it will find me a regular visitor when then mood takes me. But I sincerely hope that the bedding-in process ups the quality and consistency of both the dishes and the service."
I've been looking forward to eating at Pomegranate since it opened, and finally got to pay it a visit this weekend. However, there's something not sitting quite right with me about my dining experience...the restaurant checklist in my head goes something like this:

Perfect location? Check! (top of Leith Walk, across from the Playhouse &Cinema!)
Good opening hours? Check! (open until 3am!)
Pretty Middle Eastern decor? Check! (Colourful glass lanterns galore!)
Delicious food? Check! (my stuffed vine leaves were fabulous, and the falafel   shawarma wrap was a tasty, good sized portion)
New discoveries? Check! (Pomegranate Ice Cream, creamy, smooth, delicate YUM!)
BYOB? Check! (and no corkage charge either!)
Excellent value? Check! (3 courses, including a tip worked out at 20 per person!)
Good service?....hmmm!
Great atmosphere?....erm!

My checklist grinds to a halt at this point!

Don't get me wrong, it was a nice enough place to come and eat, and I think it'd be a perfect weeknight / late night place to grab a bite to eat, but given we were on a birthday night out, it just didn't feel we were looked after enough to make it special.

I've been in many other BYOB restaurants where you're given ice buckets, and the waiting staff have still poured out your glasses of wine (and kept them topped up!), but here we were just left to fend for ourselves. I suppose we could have asked for ice buckets, and probably would have been given them...but that's not the point!

After sitting down we seemed to wait an age before we were given menus and our order was taken, although the food actually came quite quickly once we had ordered. After another long wait, we had to ask to see the dessert menu as they didn't seem too fussed about giving it to us. Further request for water to be topped up and the bill followed.

It certainly didn't have the same, lovely atmosphere that Hanams manages to achieve, but it was good food at a very reasonable price, and I'll certainly be back for more of that delicious Pomegranate ice cream. I just think I'll maybe give it a miss if I'm looking for a venue for the next special night out.
Lacks atmosphere despite good location & tasty food. Great choice if you're in a hurry.
Late night Meze. What more would you like to hear?

Oh that it's tasty? 

Yeah the food is good, maybe not *great* but it's pretty cheap. They stay open pretty late (3am I think!) and the food is cheap and cheerful. They also give you some tap water straight away, none of this asking for it nonsense. This kinda service pleases me!

I haven't tried a huge amount of their food but i've been back since going and I'm sure I'll go again!
Mmmm... A bit disappointed given my fabulous experience in its sister restaurant, Hanams. 

The menu is a lot smaller than Hanams' - basically made up of a number of hot and cold meat and vegetable meze and then a much smaller number of mains. This wasn't an issue in itself as my family and I went for a late Saturday lunch and didn't necessarily want anything too heavy but it might be an issue for dinner customers who don't like sharing. 

For 3 of us we opted for a set price 6 mezes for 2 people (you can pick what you want but only 2 meat) and 1 lamb main as it sounded lovely and we felt greedy. All in all the mezes were ok. Tasty, and to be fair we did eat everything, but not up to the same high standards as its sister restaurant. The waiter highly recommended the marinated chicken wings as an alternative to a lamb and rice parcel i picked but they didn't have but these were pretty forgettable and a bit 'plain' really.  The much anticipated marinated slices of lamb and rice (i asked for pomegranate rice) basically turned out to be 'bits' of dry lamb on plain rice with a spicy sauce to dip. No pomegranate rice to be seen and never once through our entire meal did anyone ask how we were enjoying our food even though they were not busy. 

We'd taken 3 bottles of wine between the 3 of us (yes, my family are jakeys) so of course wanted to nurse the wine and finish every last drop before we left. This wasn't a problem at all to the staff and we never once felt rushed which i liked. There was a table of very tipsy elderly women next to us that had the same idea!!  

After a digestive gap, we considered dessert. Now I'm not generally a dessert person but I do have a weakness for cupcakes, and with a selection of yummy varieties to choose from such as rose, walnut and pomegranate I felt it would be rude not to get one! My mum and brother opted for the baklava and the saffron ice cream which they shared. I opted for the rose cupcake which came with a small portion of rose ice cream (a weird combination but when in Rome!). The baklava was a crispy, honeyed hit and the saffron ice cream smooth and creamy, however my cupcake was stale and had the texture of bread! The waiter insisted they were freshly delivered but upon checking the batch, agreed the problem seemed to be with all the rose ones. I was given a pomegranate one instead which was ok but not great. I know good cupcake and this wasn't it! 

The location is ideal and the decor lovely. At night the candles and bright lanterns look amazing. The place is fine if you want a really casual sharing meal experience, with some byob wine or beers and you don't have high expectations. Next time though, i'd probably just go back to Hanams!
Been here twice and enjoyed the food both times. The falafel shwarma wrap is a must have! The most recent time we went though, we ordered a shisha pipe with apple flavored tobacco. It was not apple... It tasted like those jelly beans that nobody eats. The liquorice flavored ones. When I asked our server to try it, he just said no and promised me it was apple. I will definitely go back because the food was great but I will not be getting the apple (liquorice) shisha again.
I tell you what, I wasn't half worried about coming here given the number of lacklustre reviews. Well, from visiting here myself as the coven of C., I have determined that service is all over the place - from efficient (start) to eldest sister having to go up to the bar to ask for our orders to be taken (then we had 2 descend on us). I also made sure we asked for an ice bucket, as per Susan M.'s warning, so there was no issue there. But the important thing for me about Middle Eastern cuisine, is that it feels so much fresher than other places, and a perfect place to go on a humid, stormy night, and I wanted to try somewhere new, so threw myself into Pomegranate.

Foodwise, we enjoyed everything - the only slight bumnotes were the tabbouleh - crazy levels of parsley even by tabbouleh standards, but flavour was a little lacking, and the sundried tomato and ginger tapenade - not so gingery as vinegary. But! a seriously delightful baba ghanoush, easy on the sesame, made up for everything. Naan bread, just so very moreish.

For me, the halloumi was fabulous, slow roasted aubergine a hit with all 3 of us, the solitary meat dish (lamb samosas... as I can't spell soubbassek-thingy) a hit as well. Lovely falafel, although the hummus was forgettable. Sadly we were too full to try the pomegranate ice cream, hopefully another time.

Decor wise it is bright, and the restaurant was heaving, even for a Tuesday. There were all round thumbs up by the witches three, so I am glad the reviews didn't cause me to turn away. In comparison to another favourite haunt, Empires Cafe, it's a more mainstream version of it's kooky self and a very welcome addition to the dining scene in Edinburgh. 

PS fourth star is only missing due to service inconsistencies, otherwise it would advance on.
Gosh, the food here was amazing. Could be my new favourite place. Tonnes of grub for a really good price, bring your own bottle, great location and buzzing atmosphere.

I ordered the qozy lamb - two pieces of lamb falling off the bone, heaps of rice, naan bread and an aubergine, tomato and potato side that was beyond yummy. A huge amount of food that I just about managed to polish off.

Dessert was baklawa - couldn't fault it and it came with a scoop of ice cream. Delicious. 

I'd have given this place five stars if it weren't for our seating location right next to the waiters' station. We had to endure an evening's worth of cutlery clanging and banging right next to our ears and waitresses bumping into our seats as they whizzed between tables and the station. If it weren't for that, I'd have given this place a five star. 

Will definitely be back, just not sitting next to the waiters' station!
Decent service, clean toilets and a very well-priced and tantilising range of meals/small portion combinations on offer. A nicely laid back and welcoming atmosphere is attained and I'm very glad to have now managed to have eaten here, having heard its praises sung for some time by a number of friends.
When in Israel I miss Mexican foods, and in the US I miss good Israeli foods. While lamenting I searched online and found "Kosher On The Grill" and decided that I need shwarma! Yudi did not dissapoint. I got the shwarma lafa and my wife the pita. This is the meal I had been needing so badly! I felt as if I was back in shuk Levinsky but with a lot less noise. I will be returning often to this wonderful find that Vegas has been needing. The best of success to Yudi and his friends! I will spread the word too! (written by the husband)
New restaurant for Vegas.   Food was fresh,a lot of it and delicious.  Staff was friendly and accomendating.   Had one each of the chicken and beef tacos.  Meat was tasty and tender.  For those nonmexican lovers also has falafel, schnitzel, grilled chicken.  Will be back often.
Decent food and priced well.
The service is a bit lacking but not due to lack of effort.
The person working the counter is just not very restaurant savvy. He lacks experience. It made the ordering a bit rough but everything worked out. He is very nice but just was not so familiar with what came with each portion, etc.

You might want to consider eating here if you are then en-route to a hotel. Not straight to the airport. Might not be best to fly right after this meal. Just saying.
Delicious food - enjoyed the pita sharwarma !
I received a coupon to come in and try them because they were open. We were looking forward to trying this mid eastern style place. I saw the big banners saying they were open. We walked in and were Thrown Out at approximately 5:30 because they reserved the place for a party. Not a soul was there and they wouldn't even let us sit in the bar. My first impression wasn't a good one. The woman asked us to come back tomorrow. If they put a note on the door I would be more understanding. I hope they let YOU in when you make the trip.
This place just opened about 3 weeks ago in the old Famous Sams building. We walked in about 5:45 yesterday evening (Thursday) There was one other table at the time when we were seated. The building is quite large on the inside, with 4-top, 2-top and similar table setups. They have a stage, dance floor. Large bar area with ample seating. They offer music, belly dancing and such on Friday and Saturday nights. The Saturday menu is also a package deal so you get more of their menu in one package for cheaper. They also offer a hooka lounge area with hooka menu. 
They had one person seating, waitng on customers as well as making drinks (even though she wasnt a bartender according to her). Our drinks were so so. But we will let her slide on that due to the fact that she did get 4 or 5 more tables at one time while we were there. They should consider having maybe one more person who can bartend/help serve. They do have a great list of craft beers and a speciality mixed drink menu that isn't too shabby!  Service is what took a star away on my review. 
We started with a Lebanese sausage that was served with onion, peppers. It was quite flavorful and great portion size. We were brought a basket of fresh hot rolls that were white, wheat, and poppy seed, with a thyme, vinaigrette dipping oil that was quite flavorful. My boyfriend had the Lamb Chops dinner which came with 4 nicely sized lamb chops broiled with mjadara, sauted vegetables & grape leaves stuffed with rice and spices. The lamb was melt in your mouth and seasoned perfectly. I had the Cleopatra special which offered a chicken, filet mignon and Kafta Kababs (ground beef) with rice, grilled tomato and onion. A side of a garlic butter type sauce was on the side which was to die for and I had asked for a second serving and did not receive it either due to the one person and the rush she was hit with while we were there. Overall I am very happy to have finally found a place that makes killer beef kabobs that are not tough or under flavored. I will give the service a second chance. I think they are newly opened and going thru growing pains so I would suggest checking them out. Great food. We plan to go back on a Saturday night to check out the entertainment.
The sofa section with the hookahs and the dance floor looked like something I wanted to partake in but the service was less than wonderful and the food was undercooked - I've had better.

Unfortunately, most Middle Eastern restaurants that I have been to lack In the service department. We were the 2nd table in the Egyptian themed restaurant. About 10 min after us, a large group came in and the one server/bartender didn't seem to be able to cut it. We had an appetizer before we had even ordered our main meal. We were done with the appetizer before we even got a chance to get drinks or order our main meals. This meant that we were sitting with menus in our hands while eating the appetizer. It wouldn't have been a big deal but I really wanted to have a drink other than water as well.

 The appetizer we got was the Cleopatra platter for $15 and it had a lot of food with it! I think the best item on the platter was the Tabouleh but adding the meat to the hummus was also pretty tasty. For me, that's where the praise ends.

The service was poor due to being understaffed so I had to flag down someone when my Salmon Kabob came out RAW. The Shrimp Kabob was good but it was not an easy process to actually get to the meat. Even after the Salmon was replaced, no one bothered to even offer to discount any part of the meal. Overall, I am disappointed and will probably not go back.

Meh. I've experienced better.
POOR SERVICE , BAD DRINKS , and SPOILED FOOD.

I do note the poor service was NOT the waitress's fault as she alone was waiting on close to fifty people all by herself.

We looked at the wine selection and decided to go with mixed drinks so we ordered a mojito and long island iced tea. When the drinks arrived we tasted them and they nearly tasted the same. Both tasted mainly of budget artificial lemon aid drink mix. Nether of us could stomach these drinks. The drinks were truly horrible.

We ordered two appetizers, the falafels and the Lebanese Muhammara (spicy red pepper and walnut  dip). I thought the dip was good but the falafels weren't really made right. They were fluffy but had hard things in them that might have been chunks of uncooked hard beans?, unless it was something nonfood?  I was afraid I might break my teeth eating them.

Our dinners arrive and when I took a bite out of the salmon it wasn't right. The salmon was past not fresh and was spoiled. My husband confirmed it as spoiled. The waitress is running around with lots of tables and never comes back. I am left with a plate of spoiled fish to look at. I nibble on the few vegetables I have and notice they cooked some of my tomatoes but added a RAW tomato to plate. (see photo) My husband gives me some food off his plate so I'd have some dinner.

On the cleopatra plate the Kafta had good flavor but was dry. The Chicken was flavorful and good. The filet mignon was so overdone it was dry , chewy and tasteless and didn't even taste like beef with no beef flavor left in it. The plate was came with a little cup that I thought might be hummus but turned out to be unmelted garlic butter.

If somebody puts a gun  to your head and makes you come here for dinner get the chicken kabob.

The waitress arrives and ask if I want a box for my plate. I told her no because the fish was spoiled. She told the management and nobody said anything to me but my meal was removed only because I had a buy one get one coupon.

You won't see any belly dancers either unless you eat dinner at 9pm or later.

This is a new business and I hope they work things out and improve because we have very few nice places to dine at in this part of town.

BUT I NEVER imagined the first time I was here and didn't eat would be the better of my two visits.

I do feel slightly bad but not completely.

My thoughts are I can't forgive about spoiled fish they didn't care about but I did enjoy the chicken and the pepper dip. 

But bad management can spoil a place as we know.
I'm a big fan of Middle Eastern cuisine but I regret to say that much of the food at Cleopatra was decidedly bad. The humus and spinach pie appetizers were both tasty but the "fresh" grilled tilapia brought on the gag reflex. It was anything but fresh. The kafta kebab also tasted like it had seen one day too many. The sirloin kebab was tender and good and the salmon kebab was just OK. The desserts (baklava, knafe, and baklava fingers) all tasted rancid or at the very least, they were not made with butter but rather a less expensive shortening substitute. The subpar cuisine was matched by loud background radio (with commercials).  Apart from the very pleasant wait staff, the food and soundtrack combined to make this dining experience very unpleasant. As another reviewer said, I hope they can improve because the West Valley needs more decent non-chain restaurants.
My dinner here tonight was really pleasant.  We ordered the hot appetizers plate, which gave us a nice sampling of several items, all of which where good. The lamb chops were terrific - juicy, grilled just right, and with great flavor; I love lamb and these were the best lamb chops I've had in years! I was also pleased by the items in the Cleopatra plate - properly grilled chicken, beef, kafta, and vegetable kebabs on a bed of fluffy basmati rice.  The dining area is very spacious, table settings were impeccable, and the service was very friendly and gracious. I am glad that we have this new restaurant in this northwest part of metro Phoenix.
I've just had an excellent Mediterranean / middle eastern meal and without doubt the best, most tender, flavorful lamb I've ever had in my life.  Our server was gracious, helpful, and friendly, and lovely to boot.  She informed us her grandfather had just arrived from Lebanon to their kitchen - and I don't know if the restaurant was operating poorly without him before as indicated in some other reviews, but I'm glad he made his flight and all was well, very well, in the kitchen and operations tonight..

  The other reviews scared us off the salmon and from going on a busy night, but  thank goodness & Groupon, did not keep us from giving the restaurant a try, as neither service nor the food could have been much better.  
  
The inside is large, clean, and neatly appointed. Tables are neatly set with tablecloths and cloth napkins.  Nothing pretentious, but it conveyed a sense of neatness and moderate or higher level of class, compromised a bit by a somewhat incongruously informal level of dress on the part of the manager and some of the light staff, but then it was Sunday night, and slow, at least at our 7:15 PM or so arrival and throughout our meal, though a small number of patrons trickled in during our time there.  I think all appeared to be part of the local middle-eastern community and nearly all appeared to be personally acquainted with the manager or staff..  

A substantial area is devoted to hookah smokers and though there were more than there were diners in the undivided restaurant, the odors did not intrude, and were completely undetectable at our table, or when we passed nearer on our way out.   

We did not order mixed drinks so cannot speak to the quality of those, but we did note there was a bartender, and not our server doing double-duty.  But as to the food: excellent throughout.  The Cleopatra Platter lists "1 each" of chicken, kafta, and filet mignon kabobs, which consisted of a 3 lines of chunks of each meat spanning the length of the sizeable oblong plate atop a sizeable serving of basmati rice cooked to light, fluffy perfection.  Each chunk of chicken was moist, cooked and lightly seasoned to perfection, and the kafta (or as my spellcheck says "Kafka")  though I lack knowledge to adequately describe it, was also among, if not THE best I've ever had, in that it was not only not dry, but pleasurably seasoned.  Only the filet mignon, a little well-done for my blood-thirsty tastes, was only an ordinary level of "good".   I strongly encourage those who had a less than stellar experience to go back -  on a slower night.  Perhaps grandfather wasn't in the kitchen or the limited staff was just overwhelmed on the night you were there, but you would be depriving yourself to not give Cleo another opportunity to float your barge as well as they did ours.
We went here for our date night.  It was amazing....The waitress was wonderful...She knew the menu and was able to answer all our questions.  I had the grilled tilapia...It was cooked to perfection...The rice and grilled veg's were spot on also.  My husband had the steak kebab.  He said the steak was jucy and full of flavor.  The service was excellent.  Never had to ask for anything.  We will be back...Many times...Great experience....
My husband and I ate here tonight after buying their groupon a couple weeks ago. The service was good and the food was outstanding! We tried 3 different appetizers- the cheese borak (AMAZING), the hummus with meat (DELICIOUS) and the spinach pies (good but not outstanding). For our entree we both had the Cleopatra platter... 3 kebobs- chicken, kafta and filet mignon. The chicken and kafta were VERY flavorful, the filet was good but not quite as great as the other 2 kebobs. By far the best thing on the plate was the garlic dip/sauce that came with the chicken. A delicious creamy, garlic sauce that was good on everything! ;-) I highly recommend the restaurant and am very confused by the bad reviews on the restaurant. We will for sure be going back. The location is kinda in a hidden spot, but I hope the restaurant sticks around for awhile...I'm glad to finally have a good middle eastern place in the area! Give it a try!
The food was amazing! We had the hot appetizer platter and the Cleopatra platter... We will definitely return... Soon!
There is no where else I can go to chill and just draw, this horrible city in Arizona is filled with just bars, fast food restaurants, libraries that are never open , countless wal marts and mechanic shops. Lots of furniture shops too.  The parks are filled with dog shit and surrounded by driving cars, there is no where  to just sit down and draw.



So when this interesting Mediterranean restaurant comes into town I though It would be a nice place to chill, eat and draw.   It was nice at first, the waiters were great, they had live music and I cannot draw without music playing. I love creating new things with my work while experiencing new food and music.  I didn't like the food very much but I was willing to pay just to stay for the music, so I can make some art to it.


After about the 5th day I came here they told me I wasn't allowed to Draw here,  No explanation, just a stern look and told me I need to leave my work in the car. 

Basically what it would have left me with was very bland , over priced food.  Although I get to listen to the music, my attention instead is focused on all the   drunken people dancing around- Which is  a shame because I can channel all that musical energy into a really interesting piece of work.  

Well I can't find any place around this city that doesn't tell me to Buy shit and get the fuck out, and I'm always stuck at home because of it. So I won't be coming back to this Bar that sells itself as middle eastern/Mediterranean.  
  

Don't be fooled, this is just another one of the countless bars that Infest this boring suburb, it has a facade of being middle eastern, and its run by middle eastern people, but it is another square that cares more about serving alcohol in this city of squares filled with alcohol. There is no culture here and takes itself more seriously than it should for a place that is just starting out.

the middle east isn't about alcohol and shitty food, it's about real food...and opium.  If you want Mediterranean food, try the Greek Wraps, the Greek Pita, or Chicago Gyros , lots of places around here serve Mediterranean food and actually have the Mediterranean hospitality of giving you a lot of food for a little bit of money, rather than a lot of money for rubbery meat.

In short, told I cant draw there, rubbery, overpriced meat. I mean it took like an hour for the food to get there, what else can I do to pass the time?


And here is a separate review for the music.
-  I love music so much, I don't just listen to it, I study it and perform it.  I like the live music here, though they play lots of shit, some of the dance songs go back to the older rhythms and melodies of popular middle eastern songs I love.  However those good songs are few and far between- they play this garbage that sounds like britney spears and justin bieber but with a commercial license from dubai.  They need to play some Om Kalthoum, fairuz, Abdel Wahab,  bring back the old school and not   this techno-looping, headache inducing drum beat. Get a freaking real drummer and do some solos, stop with these pre recorded smooth jazz synth melodies and bring some ancient egyptian Royal Pharoah music to make this place differentiate itself from every fucking place around here.

-Mishmish
Love my nationality. Absolutely love this place and Mijana. Very fun for an Assyrian and Chaldean get together!
My boyfriend and I had lunch here today. This is a big place and it's beautifully decorated. We were literally the ONLY people eating there, so it was like we had a private restaurant. I was glad to hear from the waitress that the food is Halal, because this means I can bring my mom and family here someday and they can eat anything on the menu.  We had the Cleopatra Hot combination appetizer which came with Kibbe fried, cheese borak, Sambosik, Falafel, and Lolli pop chicken. The lollipop chicken had this wonderful chile type sauce on it and the cheese borak was delicious. We also ordered a greek salad with chicken, which was big enough for two people to share plus I brought a good amount home. The waitress was attentive and made sure we didn't want for anything. I wish they had some exotic non-alcoholic drinks instead of the standard coke products. Standard fare Mediterranean, nothing special and nothing bad.
Dined here last night while attending a benefit comedy show the show started at 8pm so we arrived at 6:30 so we could talk and eat dinner.

When seated we immediately got water but then our waitress was no where to be found.  When we saw her again  we couldn't seem to get her attention. After a long wait we finally did by then several friends of ours who were also there early for dinner and the show, couldn't get service so I told her they wanted to orderr. With prompting she finally waited on their table as well.

Other friends of ours who were there for the show walked out because of the poor service because they were hungry and tired of waiting. THE SERVICE HERE WAS TERRIBLE ! We had to ask for everything from that point on because the waitress like in the review Pepper T. was alone so it wasn't her fault. The restaurant was warned that the place would be busy for the benefit and they only had one server on the floor. 

There was three of us in my party. Kathy R. my wife and myself. We ordered coconut shrimp and spinach pies for appetizers. After a while the waitress informed us they were out of the coconut shrimp at that point we ordered our drinks since the waitress still hadn't asked what we wanted. I stuck with water my wife Carol got a coke and our friend Kathy R. ordered an ice tea.

Because we were there for the comedy show and we were visiting with a lot of people we knew before we realized it an hour had gone by and still no food yet people all around us were getting served. We ordered the Kafta Kabab ( $13.95 )  which was marinated ground beef mixed with minced onions and seasoning and Filet Mignon Kabob ( $16.95 ) Marinated Filet Mignon with grilled veggies. But after another hour waiting for our food there was still nothing. When we finally inquired where our food was we were told by the waitress she lost our ticket but our food was in the back and she would get it. More waiting and waiting and waiting. By now the comedy show started and it was 8pm and our food finally arrived. 

Both of the Kababs were not hot they were warm, the meat was overcooked, dry and tough. I was expecting a flavorful Lebanese food , NOT!! Would have been much better warmer. The waitress never even asked how our food was. They get a single star only for the pita and the rice, beyond that.... fast food has a leg or two up on their food. Sad but true! 

FOOD: The kebabs were dry and without much flavor. Overall a big waste of money. We left hungry, and needless to say I was pretty dissatisfied with the whole establishment, the food and can not recommend it. PRICE: Expensive for what you get. The food is my main complaint, which is pretty serious if the review is about a restaurant. SERVICE:  EXTREMELY SLOW !!. Obviously I'm waiting for my food and even after asking about it were still waiting.. but still no word... Seriously?  AMBIANCE:  Modern Middle eastern with plenty of room. Definitely NOT short on ambience. But my review is not about the ambience or the comedy show it's on the food there. CONCLUSION:I rate this place at a 1 Not worth wasting your money. We're never spending another penny at this place. Sad the first time I ate here and it will definitely be the very last RETURN FACTOR: 0

************************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?*************************

5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 
4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 
3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 
2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 
1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISHMENT
My fiance' and his family have taken multiple large parties to this restaurant over the last few years.  The food is always awesome and we have always received excellent service WHEN WE ARE WITH THEM.  However, today I went in to make a catering order for our small wedding ceremony we are having in a week.  I called ahead, spoke TO THE OWNER who said he was the person I should speak to and I informed him I would be in in an hour.  I was and I asked for Tony.  I ended up sitting at the bar for over an hour with no Tony.  We had ordered an appetizer while we were waiting and never got the check.  I ended up storming out after getting no attention from anyone.  

THIS IS AN OWNERSHIP PROBLEM ALL THE WAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!  The staff was too sparse for the party that was going on and everyone was angry.  The bartender had one helper and there were no waitresses.  And, by the way, the bartender had to read from a book to figure out a drink that was ordered and it took her 20 minutes to figure it out.

On top of everything else, one of the partners of the establishment was sitting right next to me at the bar and never once offered help or introduced himself.  Guess he figured he didn't look like anyone so I wouldn't know who he was.  

I am telling my in-laws to never take another party there and I will never darken their door again until it says 'UNDER NEW OWNERSHIP' above the sign.
This is the first review I have ever written only because for the first time ever I feel it is 100% warranted.  Please heed the previous posts about extremely poor service, or no service at all!  I'm sorry I didn't.

My boyfriend and I decided to give this place a try since it's right in our neighborhood and wanted to stay away from the typical chain restaurants.  We walked in around 5pm on a Friday to an empty restaurant.  There were two people sitting in the hookah lounge, no one at the bar.  Not even a bar tender.  The hostess/waitress seated us right away, gave us menus and said she would be right back with water, which she was.  That was the last we ever saw of her.  Even when she poured the waters she never asked us for a drink order, appetizers, nothing.  We waited, waited, waited.  She walked by a few times with what appeared to be an order pad but she also had a large notepad and seemed to be more interested in planning the evening's entertainment than taking care of us.  Even after trying to flag her down a few times she just ignored us.  So after twenty minutes we walked out....and proceeded across the parking lot to Le Chalet where they have a great happy hour and awesome food!
After 13 months Norm R and I returned to Cleo's on Saturday evening, 10/19/13, and we remain totally satisfied customers who loved the food before and now. This time I went for the lamb chops I'd sampled before and they were equally perfectly seasoned, perfectly cooked, tender, moist, and just, well, perfect.  The plate also included I think 4 stuffed grape leaf pieces, which were quite satisfying and tasty, and a bed of fluffy  (basmati?) rice. 

There were perhaps two groups of 10-12 each, and one other pair of unaffiliated customers in the large dining room.  Our server was friendly, helpful, and kept on the move.  I did not notice if there was another server, but as on our previous visit, there was a separate person serving as bartender, so our server was not doing double duty. My water glass only went dry once for a couple of minutes, and never required flagging our waitress down for refill.   Having a bit to spare at the end, we treated ourselves to a baklava, which unusually but deliciously, was served warm.  

Not so much a negative as a distraction, there were perhaps four barren, slightly battered small tables with chairs outside along the sidewalk. With no tablecloths or anything else, they just gave the impression of being a place for the middle eastern guys to sit outside and smoke, though they were unoccupied on this occasion.  Overall however, we thoroughly enjoyed the meal and have no complaints about the service.  

Good Lord and Groupon willing, I'm hoping for far less time in between the next visit.
This place is great, good hookah, well made cocktails and hummus that will make you question all other hummus you have ever eaten!
Love everything about this place!...except the service. We went on a Sat night for a friend's birthday. The belly dancer was awesome and funny. The band was excellent. Everybody there was super friendly and welcoming. And the food was so good! Our only complaint was that the bartenders & waitresses seemed to not really care that there were customers there. We bought a Yelp deal and they were refusing to honor it...then we went up to the bar to talk to someone else and he refused to honor it. My fiancee, who works at Yelp, knew it was valid & that they had to honor it & eventually they did. A minor inconvenience though for an otherwise great night!
Went back here tonight with my family. They loved the zucchini rings and the saffron rice. Mom likes the grape leaves. The wings are really good. The lamb was a little bland. I like the feta in the Greek salad and the olives were delicious. The atmosphere is nice, it's not loud, you can have a conversation. Nice bar and hookahs.
Unlike the real Cleopatra who swooned her subjects with her beauty and majestic presence, this Cleopatra is a plain Jane from the exterior.  It's in a non-descript strip mall next to Winco and from the exterior, it looks like a sad, forgotten bar.  And we were a little confused by their hours of operation from 3pm-midnight.
Luckily, this Cleopatra is anything but plain Jane when you walk thru the front door.  It's by no means fancy.  Instead, I felt like minutes before I was in Phoenix, AZ and now I am in another country, more specifically Turkey.
The interior of the restaurant is what I imagine a restaurant in Turkey would be set up.  To the left, big seating area with couches for those communal pipes and drinking of coffee and tea by men.  To the right, lots of table and chairs with numbers on them for what I assume is for karoke singing and dancing as to the right side back there is a band setup, karoke machine, and a dance floor.
The best surprise, which every restaurant strives for and what costumers to write about is that the FOOD was delicious, excellent, and mouth watering yum, yum!
We ordered the Cleopatra salad, spinach pie, falafel, lamb chops and chicken kabob.
The salad dressing on the salad had just the right amount of herbs and tanginess that it opened up our appetite.  My son devoured the chicken kabob and asked if we could get the recipe from the restaurant.  My husband and I loved the spinach pie, falafel, and I loved the lamb chops.  The lamp chops were perfectly grilled.  And the falafels were possibly the best I've ever had.  Slightly crispy on the outside but oh so delicate, moist and flaky on the inside.
Throughout our dinner, we commented that we were soooo happy to have come here, what a pleasant surprise the food was as from the exterior, we did not expect much and how we would definitely return again as good Mediterranean food is hard to find in the Valley.
So Cleopatra, thanks for a wonderful dining experience and see you soon again!
My boyfriend and I were going to eat at this restaurant even after reading some of the negative reviews for this place. When we got to the door, we noticed how run-down this place was although they've only been there for a year.  Upon entering, it was very bright and had cafeteria-styled seating to the right, rows of sofas for hookahs on the left, a giant bar at center, and was not-at-all busy for a Friday night. There was one waitress as far as we could tell, who was confused by why we were there, "are you here to stay for dinner, or...?" We were seated, began reading the menu, and everything was quite expensive.  We decided based on the ambiance to go to the amazing fondue and crepe place just across the parking lot.
Not as good as Persian Room, yet they have really good meat and great service.

Hookah is well packed, hookah guys are nice and change out charcoal and maintain regularly. Lots of options.

They also have live music sometimes. Drinks are pretty good too.
The food here is absolutely amazing.  It hasn't been busy either time that I came, but for the price and the serving size, I would highly recommend this place if you're looking for something out of the ordinary and truly unique.  The inside has a great atmosphere complemented with music videos of artists from all over the Middle East, Eastern Europe, and Northern Africa.  Definitely check this place out!
Love the food here, but I just came by at 6:30 on a Friday to get some food and they're closed... nothing posted on the door that they would be closed during this time... super disappointed. Please update your hours of operation if you're going to be closed. That's just bad business.
this was the worst service by far, this place is under staffed, for such a big place that gets pretty busy on weekends it only has 3 servers that ive seen

when we have a party of 10 or 15 and there is one server who has many other tables that are also big parties it takes forever! i have never waited so long for a simple hookah. 

the BAR IS EVEN WORSE THERE IS TWO OR ONE BARTENDERS AND THEY ARE SLOW THEY SUCK AT MIXING DRINKS. AND THEY ARE OVERPRICED.

I pay for quality and if i am paying a good chunck of cash on the weekend i expect good service. they need more staff for sure. and new bartenders. it just takes too long for everything. even when the place is packed. Im never going back. dont waste your time.
Everything was excellent. This food is outstanding, loaded with flavour, and it was delivered very quickly.
I took my fianc here for a romantic dinner with a groupon I purchased for him. We love Middle Eastern food and couldn't wait to try out the kabobs and basmati rice, humice and falafel.  We went in and the place was almost empty, with just a few couples dining.  There must have been about 10 staff members, several of whom were sitting in the hookah lounge, smoking, yet we had to wait to be seated. Televisions with Arabic programs were playing a bit too loudly, but that did not deter us despite wanting a nice atmosphere.  Should have left from these minor issues, but had a groupon to use so shook it off and waited.  We were seated in the middle of the room next to the hookah lounge and ordered our food and a drink.  All was well for about 10 minutes.  Then all of a sudden, staff started hauling couches and lounge chairs out of the restaurant and hauling folding tables and chairs in through the back and past our table.  They opened the doors in the back and hauled in several chairs at a time, laying the chairs all over.  It was a circus and the place was freezing because the doors were open.  It was like dining in the middle of a house where the movers came in to move you out.  It was loud, chaotic and anything BUT romantic and pleasant.  At first I politely asked what was going on and to please close the door because we were cold. They did no such thing and the service only got worse. The waitress told us that even though it was chaotic now, the fun would be coming because they had belly dancers coming, so to just be patient. They claimed a big party was coming in without notice (we are talking about 80 people and that they needed to prepare for them. Then I was angry and complained about being cold and being seated where we were practically being hit by legs of chairs while staff hauled them in...to which they made excuses.  Our food arrived, we shoveled in what we could and got the bill with no deductions for the disasterous service and chaos in the place. I am not even sure about the quality of the food because I was so ticked off about everything else, it was ridiculous. The belly dancers or whatever music get-up they had planned were not there by the time we left at 9pm and I wouldn't have stayed if the real Elvis arrived on stage!  The groupon was not worth what we paid for it and in fact, it was the WORST dining experience I have EVER had.  Heck I have had better dining experiences in the McDonald's Playland!  I would not ever go back to this horrific place. The only positive thing about the whole place was the lamps and getting out of there without getting hit in the head with a chair leg! I have to give it a one star, but it hurt to even give them one!
The food is great, but the restaurant is shady. I placed a large order through GrubHub and waited for for over an hour and a half until the expected delivery time. Then I waited another 30 minutes for good measure, when I called GrubHub they talked with the restaurant and they were informed by the restaurant that they did not have a driver and they did not make the order. 

This is appalling to me, all the restaurant had to do was contact GrubHub and tell them they were not able to complete the order. I would not have been happy, but I would not have waited two hours with no food being made. This makes me re-think whether I should even return to the restaurant to eat in.
I want you all to listen closely. I'm Lebanese and have had the privilege of growing up around simply the best Mediterranean chefs around the world, traveled to Lebanon and Syria ate at the top mediterranean restaurants in Dearborn, mi (some of the best in the states), and without a doubt this is the most mouth watering cuisine I've ever had, let alone Mediterranean. The hummus is simply the best I've ever had. The tenderloin kabobs are so flavorful and succulent. The grape leaves, koosa, steak frys and tabbouleh are all as delicious and authentic as it gets. It's so difficult to find decent Lebanese here in Phoenix (people think pita jungle is good Lebanese lol), let alone a place I can call my new favorite restaurant. If you want the best Mediterranean/Lebanese you've ever had, stop looking, you just found it!
Just discovered this gem! Best hummus in Town, had the Kofta sandwich, french fries (fresh tasty fries) and a side of the red pepper hummus...YUMMMMM! Highly recommend this place!
I learned about this place through Yelp and figured I would give it a shot. Not only was I blown away by the food but the owners were very nice and really seem like they care about their business and customers. The place is owned by brothers and even have their own mother cooking in the kitchen.
It is hard to find a Lebanese place in Scottsdale that is truly authentic and tastes fresh. My usual go to Mediterranean place is Pita Jungle, but I will make the extra drive to come back here next time I am craving some jalapeno cilantro hummus!!!
I was stoked to try this new authentic Lebanese restaurant in North Scottsdale! I haven't had good, let alone great, Lebanese food in eons since I left Pittsburgh, PA, in 1990! (Okay, just once in all that time, and it was in Montreal (the same folks who catered Celine Dion's wedding)! A little too far to visit on a regular basis.)  Now, I have found my go-to place when I crave all my favorite  Lebanese goodies - like hummus, babaganoush, stuffed grape leaves . . . and the choices go on!

Originally, we were just ordering take-out, but the owners, two of three brothers, were there and offered us some samples of their dishes. I was blown away by the smoky, flavorful babaganoush. It was not pureed to pieces so you could still enjoy the texture of the eggplant as well. My husband wolfed down the roasted red pepper hummus and was smacking his lips the entire time -- best he ever tasted. I am always up for trying something new, and we received a small dish of Majadara which is steamed lentils and cracked wheat mixed with onions, a Lebanese traditional dish that I never tried or even heard of before. Mmmm, it was delicious . . . lovely texture, seasoned just right . . . a perfect combination of protein and carbs . . . great as a meal on its own for lunch!  We chatted for quite a while with owners Tater and Mohammed, asked about how they got into the restaurant business, how they arrived in Scottsdale, and learned more about their chef, who is also a butcher and does his own meat! They were all so friendly and really excited about bringing their family recipes and homemade Lebanese to Scottsdale. 

Our take-out was ready! We ordered the original hummus, baba, fried eggplant, grape leaves with meat and rice, and the mixed grill. I was so full from the samplings, I had to wait a couple hours before I could begin to take a bite of the food we brought home! The hummus is creamy and no overwhelmed by the taste of tahini. A little bit of olive oil drizzled in the mix as they advised at the restaurant made it simply divine.  I don't even need the pita . . . I could just eat this by the spoonful, along with the baba as noted above.  The fried eggplant was a surprise. I guess I was expecting something like fried zucchini, with breading, but instead this was more like sauteed with lemon garlic sauce. Yum! 

The grape leaves were tightly rolled, like little cigars, and served hot! I haven't had grape leaves with meat in them in a very long time . . . and maybe not ever in Scottsdale. They were the creme de la creme in my experience, just as I remembered those 20 years ago in Pittsburgh.  It was quite funny because my husband only knows grape leaves as "dolmades" which is Greek. When he ordered, the self-proclaimed "white" girl behind the counter taking our order didn't have a clue what it was he was ordering. Anyway, no where on the menu was the word dolmades, only grape leaves . . . guess you had to be there for the looks on both their faces.

The Mixed Grill was a savory, well-seasoned, very tender mix of Kabob, Kafta and Tawook, served with various veggies over rice. It came with a side salad . . . which as of last night, we were both too tired and full to dig into, so maybe later.The Kafta was extraordinary! And I am not a meat eater by any means. My husband dug all the way in and polished off everything, except some of the rice which surely he will gobble up today!

Before we left the restaurant, Temar gave us a couple pieces of baklava to satisfy our sweet teeth! And as we were already out the door, the very friendly chef came running after us to give us a little taste of the kabob meat he just cooked up! Oh we were so happy . . . and in such a food coma!  Tummy full, nap now!

Without a doubt, we will be back to The Mediterranean Grill.  I only wish we lived close enough to take advantage of their 5-mile delivery option. Truly a very pleasant, satisfying foodie experience! Try it, you'll love it!
Very good food! The service was great and the staff is very friendly. I highly recommend to anyone looking for great food and great service!
After seeing a reviews of this restaurant on yelp, We decided to make a visit. I previously tried many "authentic middle eastern" cuisines in the metropolitan area, but the mediterranean grill surprised me the most with their flavorful food and exceptional service. 
 Not only was the food authentic, but I was able to remember my childhood which was a pleasant sensation. 
 The kefta kabob was perfectly seasoned and grilled to perfection. 
 The chicken kabob was sensational. It was the most moist chicken i ate in the valley.     The beef kabob was great as well, but lacked a little salt to my taste. Having said that, it was moist, succulent, and tender which countered the slight negativity I had.
 The shwarma is great, flavorful, and everything I expected it to be. For a restaurant that just opened, they are doing everything right.
 Visit them,  you will not be disappointed in the very least. 5 stars for food, service, and bringing back the memories of my past.
Overall a good lunch experience.  Reasonably priced.  My lunch combo had a lot of meat and enough food for two meals.
My co-workers raved about the food so I went. 

That being said, the guy in front of me had been waiting for 30 minutes for a gyro (he left FURIOUS) so I did an order of lentil soup to go so I could get my food quickly (to avoid driving to another place).  The place wasn't busy.  25 minutes later, I had my soup to go ($5) and it was in a 10oz container not all the way full....more like a cup of soup. 

I got back to my desk and it wasn't even lentil soup......the soup tasted like lemonade with salt.  

No "I'm sorry" or anything for the wait...I won't be returning.
My sister loves this place so I decided to give it a shot. I try to eat as healthy as possible and judging by the menu everything looked very healthy. I ordered a mediterannean salad with chicken and lentil soup. Food was excellent other than the 25 min wait I had. But they are new and had 3 take out orders ahead. Guess could be deceiving cuz the dining room was empty. Ill return but hopefully not when the kitchens backed up.
This is the best lamb shank I've had in 20 years, thanks Mo!
This place was great!!! I had the chicken sharma and it was amazing! It was tender and had a great flavor. My wife had the fatoosh salad, which was fresh, a generous portion, and was extremely tasty. My son had the shish kafta and it was great tasting and was extremely fresh and tasted homemade ( which made it better ) . We will definetely be going back, and we suggest that you try it!! Best in town!!
Great food great service. This a family run place and they make you feel like family
My wife and I were pleasantly rewarded when we decided to try this friendly spot.  If you live in Scottsdale and like Mediterranean food this is definitely worth a visit.  It is family owned and everything is made fresh. My wife had lentil soup.  It was very hot the way soup should be, with the right blend of spices.  My falafel were some of the best I have had in the Valley.  I got the combo which included a drink and fries.  The fries were fresh cut not frozen.  We will be back.
Love everything I've had here.  Marisa is a fan too.  Kafta and gyros are great, fresh-cut fries also terrific.  Table service instead of queuing at the counter.  I'll be trying the baklava after I'm down a few pounds.  Today I had the chicken shawarma and ask Tamer to put a little hummus it too. It was really outstanding and Panini press as well which was nice surprise perfect crisp crunchy texture on the outside everything inside terrific, it even has slivers of pickled radishes in it that are great.  And as an extra bonus they have stupid fast free Wi-Fi here 38Mbs.  The brother owners Tamer & Mohammed are doing a great job.

btw, my chicken shawarma looked so yummy that I would have taken a picture for yelp.  But I devoured it instead :-(

update 1/3/12, joy of joys, they have beef shawarma today!  It too was terrific.  Wi-Fi is still stupid fast at 29Mbs down / 39Mbs up unlike the Starbucks that I just came from.
This place is BAD ASS!!!

I eat here pretty often considering it's right by my new office. The guys that own/run the place & their employees are nicer than most people in Scottsdale. 

The food.... THE FOOD IS AMAZING!!! They grill their sandwiches, (a grilled gyro? = heaven!) they use FRESH ingredients, all in all - they do it right. 

The prices aren't that bad either. Sure, you can go to Tempe and get a gyro with fries for $6.99 and it's alright. This is a much healthier, tastier option for around $10 including a drink. 

If you're in North Scottsdale shopping around this ridiculous shopping center, check them out. They're a little tucked away, right by a smoke shop off Northsight on Butherus. 

Try the jalapeno hummus!
I usually go there for the shish kabobs. This time the owner convinced me to try the lamb shank. The lamb, that was moist and falling of the bone, was served with rice, and a bowl of sauce that is filled with Mediterranean spices. It was a generally good dish, but when you mix the rice with the sauce and meat, it was a whole new experience and the dish instantaneously become my favorite.
This is a great place if you want Authentic cuisine from the Mediterranean regions. The owner is very friendly and is available to answer any questions about the items. They use High quality ingredients and the service is amazing.
This place is great, I have been a few times, not as many as my hubby, though.  It is a small family owned restaurant and the food is delicious.  The first time I had the gyro and my hubby had the Kafta.  They came toasted, YUM.  I tried my hubby's and it was delicious, too.  Last time I had the chicken shawarma and the mediterranean salad.  The twins had the hummus plate and chicken.  They were nice enough to split it and make sure that each item was separate, my little boy is a little bit of a freak about mixing his food.  The family is so nice.  I have so many more dishes I want to try.  Next time I think I want the Majadara, sounds delicious.  I love lentils.  I guess I should try the lentil soup before it gets too warm for soup time.
FANTASTIC LEBANESE-STYLE MIDDLE-EASTERN FOOD. I guess being in the desert has got me craving Middle-Eastern all the time. For Lebanese-style, this place hits all registers. The manager, Mohammed, is incredibly nice and made sure my meal was PERFECTO! 

You folks in North Scottsdale, this is the best around for many miles!
This is a great restaurant.  The hummus is silky smooth and is perfectly seasoned.  It also had an interesting flavor that sets it apart (and above!) other versions I have had at other restaurants.  Several flavors of hummus are available.  The grape leaves are tight, warm rolls that have a nice mint flavor.  I also tried several sandwiches that were very good.  I will definitely make it back for dinner to check out the entrees.  Great service, great prices - it is nice to have a quality Mediterranean restaurant in the neighborhood.  It is locally owned and operated too, which is nice.
I absolutely LOVED THIS RESTAURANT and will definitely be returning on a regular basis!! The chicken shawarma is incredible, and the service is excellent. This is by far the best food I've had in the entire Scottsdale area. The food is FRESH and has FANTASTIC FLAVOR. Be sure to save room for a delicious baklava desert!
So this place was very cool! I came here for lunch with a co-worker and I was very impressed with both the service and the food. Our server was one of the owners I think, or maybe his Mom owns it? Either way when we ordered the tabbouli (fantastic), he said that his Mom makes it fresh everyday. WHAT!?! I've got a little old Lebanese woman making my tabbouli in the back? Sweet! You know that has to be good. And, we commented on how good it smelled and he brought over the incense that was burning and gave us a package for free. Impressive! The place could use a little decor to make it feel more Middle Eastern, but that's about it. It is kind of tucked away so I hope that doesn't prevent it from getting enough foot traffic.
Great food. Wonderful and friendly staff. This hidden gem will be a frequented stop for me. 

My boyfriend and I tired the jalapeo  humus, it was cream and served with a warm pita. We also split the mixed plate  and the falafel.  The mixed plate included 3 kinds if meat, rice and grilled veggies. It was very savory. the falafel was delightful as well. Everything was do filling I couldn't eat desert so we got the baklava to go. The baklava was delicious! Big fan of this place!!!
Just got back from first time lunch at Mediterranean Grill.  It was very good!  They were short handed due to unexpected departure of an employee and went out of their way to make sure the customers left happy.  Food was fresh and delicious, love that grilled pita.  Will be going back again soon!
Excellent, authentic Middle Eastern food prepared like you were in someone's home. The owner is eager to please and very accommodating. There are a few vegan options, so I am definitely going back.
This is one of those special places that more than deserving of five +++ stars. My oldest step son and I ate lunch there today, we shared the mixed grill and hummus, and we throughly enjoyed every bite! The food was wonderfully seasoned, cooked PERFECTLY! The rice had the perfect flavor and texture, the meat was well marinted and cooked better than perfect, tender and juicy! The hummus was smooth and creamy and so rich. I can't wait to try the red pepper and jalapeno flavor. I also can't wait for rice pudding there :). They take a lot of pride in what they are doing there!! It shows in the food! I hope the hard to find location doesn't make it difficult for them to stay open.
This place is quality,  I've been here twice and so far the only thing better than the service is the food.  The grilled meat is especially good.  When it comes to Mediterranean Cuisine I'm very picky. The chicken kabob is full flavored and juicy as is the kefta and tenderloin. I highly recommend trying the mixed grill and get tenderloin since the kefta is already a mixture of beef and lamb.  If you like meat on a stick you wont be disappointed.
This place is so good. Family-owned and the food is excellent. Very friendly and attentive staff. I've been here 6 times now and it has been wonderful every time. I've tried the Chicken Shawarma, Beef Shawarma, Falafel Sandwich, Taboule Salad, Lentil Soup, Jalepeno Hummus and they were all fantastic. It truly is a hidden gem in North Scottsdale. Very reasonably priced as well. Definitely worth trying!
Delicious food that the whole family enjoyed.  We ordered the mixed grill platter, fried eggplant and hummus and practically licked our plates clean. Meat was tender and flavorful.  Service was amazing, staff friendly and accommodating.  We're so glad we found this place!
Son took my order while his mother was cooking in the kitchen - yes, an authentic family restaurant.  Cauliflower appetizer was extremely rich and lemony, hummus quite good too.  Service was good and parking was easy.  

Only issues I had was that the falafel is four croquettes for $7 which is insane (normally find them for 2 for a $1)!!!  Hummus price was up there too.  I think they either have a pricing issue or an identity issue - make yourself a fancy full service place and keep the prices, or acknowledge it's rather fast food with a waiter and price things more reasonably.
A wonderful find! Delicious Mediterranean food at a local, family-owned restaurant. I will be a regular customer... Way to go, Mo!!
WOW. My husband and I just enjoyed a delectable meal with great service. I love family restaurants! Tamar was our server, and he obviously takes great delight and passion in the food. We ordered fried cauliflower, and it was crispy and delicious in a light lemon sauce. We got two gyro sandwiches, which were panini style with a thinner bread than your typical pita. Beautifully crispy, and the flavors melded wonderfully. Husband is still raving about it. Nothing was super greasy, and the flavors were perfectly mixed. Husband says he's looking forward to burping some up so he can taste it again, that's how good it was. Tamar even gave us complimentary tastes of the bak lava, which had a divine texture and not-too-sweet flavor. We'll be back to try the rest of their dishes!!
Its always nice to find a restaurant serving authentic cuisine and fresh food with people who obviously takes pride in what they do. Based on yelp reviews, this was our 'new place of the week' for a friday dinner. Very warm and friendly waiter ( manager?) who made us feel very welcome. The food tastes very flavorful. Had the chicken shwarma, majadara and rice pudding. I will make a special mention of the baba ghanoush. The best i have had.
Move over pita jungle! The Mediterranean grill is the best, authentic food with the best service. My girlfriend and I started coming here a couple of months ago and we can't get enough of it!  Humus, kabobs, and lentil soup is a must have. Support the mom and pop shops. These folks deserve it!  Bravo M Grill!
The food is good, depending on what you're looking for.  I had lunch with my coworker, we ordered the grape leaf wrapped beef and rice rolls, along with lamb shank platter.  The lamb platter tasted fresh, but the grape leaf rolls were under my standards, maybe it was some seasoning.  Service was great, it was hot inside, as they had the doors open and no A/C on.  Either way, try it out, you might like it.  Healthier than most places.
Awesome! We got the hummus trio with the pita bread. The Pita was nice and thin, and not greasy (the left overs were still great 3 days later). Got the Mediterranean salad which was extremely fresh and very light but vibrantly flavored without going over the top. For our dinners my wife got chicken Shwarma and I got Shish Tawook. Very generous servings, and the chicken was moist and tender. Did I mention the hummus? I would highly recommend this restaurant.
Do you love lamb, schwarmas, or hummus?  This is the place to be.

Start with the fried lemon cauliflower or an order of hummus with olive oil dribbled across for an excellent beginning.  For lunch, their sandwiches are priced well and delicious.  Instead of stuffing a pita with ingredients that explode all over the place, they wrap them fully and panini them close for easy eating; fantastic idea.

For specialities, try a few Kibbe bites.  Balls of beef fried with a mixture of spices that fit perfectly with an order of their cucumbers & yogurt dish.  Just drop the kibbe right in, it's a great mix!

I've been on a number of occasions and have always had fantastic service.  Great food and atmosphere keeps me coming back so it's definitely worth a visit.
Stop what you're doing, north Scottsdale workers. This is your new lunch spot. 

My meal was so dang good! I ordered the steak kabob. it came with a skewer of grilled veggies and rice. I substituted my rice for a small salad. It was a bit high for a lunch ($17) but the ingredients are top notch and the service was great. Next time I will order something that fits into my lunch budget. I got to taste their chicken and it is amazing as well and more budget friendly.

The owner came around and chatted with us and shared a little about their history and what their goal is. It's one of the best options nearby that we've found for lunch- actually probably the best we've found within a few miles. Very delicious, clean and friendly. 

I highly recommend!
Food was great.  Followed recommendation of waiter.  Really an excellent value.
very disappointing
Let me start by saying that I'm Arab, and my mom cooks AMAZING food. This place is, hands down, the best authentic Lebanese food I've had in this country. The quality, the service, the flavor; everything was wonderful. My boyfriend and I ordered the mixed grill so we could a taste for all the meats they have, and we were more than satisfied. I highly recommend this place to anyone looking to eat non-Americanized Mediterranean. The hummus is great, the coffee is delightful, and their baklava is a must try. If I could give this place ten stars I would. Gotta go check it out!!
On this visit to Scottsdale from San Diego we checked on yelp. This place had a good ratings so we went in. It was GREAT!! Had the humus: real good. Lentil soup real good. The  gyro was fantastic and the fries awesome. The steak from the kabob was cooked just right.. The staff was very friendly and great service.
EAT HERE. I'm serious. The food is fantastic! It's a little hidden gem by the Scottsdale Gun Club. Family owned and everything is fresh and made to order. Have been there 3 times and haven't found anything to dislike. Their hummus is creamy with just the right amount of seasoning. Chicken schwarma is cut into bite-sized pieces and served with either hummus or garlic spread. OMG the garlic spread is amazing - looks like white butter and tastes like a tangy bite of heaven. Tawook is chicken breast pounded thin and cooked on the grill, also served with garlic sauce. Loved the spicy kafta in pita, served quesadilla style (no cheese, just meat between pita) with lots of hummus. The rice is flavorful and fluffy. Grape leaves stuffed with rice and meat were skinny little guys but packed with flavor; 6 on a plate was a good app for 2 people. But my very favorite thing is their salad. I don't know what they do to make lettuce, tomato and cucumber so good, but that magic seasoning and light touch of dressing is wonderful. They do not serve alcohol but you can BYO wine (beer too perhaps?) Very reasonably priced and generous portions.

Much busier at lunch but we love stopping in for dinner. They are not halal-sanctioned but they do get some halal meats (lamb yes, chicken no). Staff is super friendly and warm. Oh and they deliver!
First time visit today. Had the tenderloin tips with hummus and lentil soup. Soup was very good. Tips and hummus just blew me away.  I will be back
The Mediteranean Grill is an unassuming little restaurant that serves delightful fare.  found the menu by complete accident as it was posted by the entrance of my gym.

The interior is not all that warm and welcoming and neither is the staff...but don't let that fool you because the food is surprisingly tasty. I ordered the chicken shawarma sandwich and a small side of babaganoush and they were both just incredible.

The only reason I am dinging one star is I thought the staff was kind of cold and just not very friendly and welcoming...I even heard one employee mentioning to his colleague that he couldn't wait for restaurant to close..Wow guys really ?...Chill out a  little and work out your differences because I really like your food and I would be very disappointed if you closed...All I ask is that you are a little friendlier with your customers. This was also my first visit. I must say that you really wowed me with the quality of your food...really...it was crazy delicious...In fact I just had an orgasm...
We happened on this little cafe by accident.  It's really unassuming and in the shadow of a large fitness club.  The food is great.  Tasty and very fresh.  The owner and servers were incredibly friendly and helpful.  I had to write this review after reading the review that said that the service was poor.  We had the complete opposite experience.  The staff went out of their way to make us feel welcome.
Will definitely be back.
Really good Mediterranean food.
The hummus appetizer is excellent.
Our lunch items also included a gyro sandwich and a tabbouli salad.
They were both very fresh and very tasty.

Our service was great.
We will definitely be back.
The food makes up for the strip mall location and lack of interior decor.
closed
I really don't get all of the 5 star reviews. This place has good food but their prices are  astronomical. I had a $35 dollar lunch with my son. I had a lamb shank and he had a chicken wrap and we had some hummus.

The lamb was good but very puny as far the meat goes. So if $17 lunches per person  are in your comfort zone, then party on!
We've been back several times and very sorry to say the last time, there was a sign on the door that it was closed indefinitely.  Very sad, one of our favorite lunch spots.
BEST Falafel in town and great Shawarma too! 

This is  little store front, counter up front and bar stool seating.  Food ranges fro $6-8 plus sides and extras. 

I went with a Shawarma pita $8 upgraded to a lafa +$8 which included all of the salads i wanted in side. I kept it simple with shug and hummus. It Was fabulous, The flavors, the soft lafa the creamy hummus it was simply a divine experience, maybe because this place is also kosher. 

We also had a side of 4 falfel balls. They were amazing, a crisp exterior reveal a moist and flavorful interior.
Paprika absolutely rocks. The shawarma is incredible, especially with a bit of shug over it.. and on the hummus. Plenty of food if you order a plate. Order a lafa and you will need to split it. Kosher, so the quality is extremely high. And the pricing is dead on, as well. Just a little bit northwest of the Scottsdale/Shea intersection, you cannot go wrong with Paprika. Haven't tried the ribeye, but it looked fantastic. Israeli salad, eggplant, baba ghanoush are all here. You should be too!
The food is good, but expensive because everything is a la carte.  My son ordered a lafa wrap, which cost $13, and did not come with any side dishes.  My falafel tasted very good, but was mushy. Again, there were no sides.  I ordered a bottle of Coke, which was a small bottle and just barely filled one cup.   Lunch for two people cost $28, which I think is a lot for 2 wraps & 2 soft drinks.
This place is delicious and the shawarma brings me right back to Israel! Definitely order the shawarma or falafel, both are homemade and perfectly spiced.
The chicken shwarma was moist however, the Lafa portion is too large for one person. The falafel taste was great but the batch was slightly over-fried. However, this place is good for a quick lunch.
WOW. SO GOOD. My mouth didn't want to leave. I had to bring my mouth back for dinner just to make it shut up for awhile. Perfect Sharwarma. Amazing sides: roasted Mediterranean eggplant salad, baba ghanoush, Moroccan carrots, Israeli salad, this amazing spicy sauce that kicks it all up a notch, hand made pita, etc etc etc....!!!! I love this place.

And what nice peeps that run this place. You come her a few times, you'll be one of the gang. Gabby, Omer, Alon, and the whole crew are all your pals. 

I LOVE THIS JOINT!
just an update: The spicy sauce is a Yemenite sauce that is popular in Israel, made of jalapeno paste, garlic, and about 400 other things, giving it a rolling wave of different flavors and episodes of heat, from the time it hits your tongue to the time it glides down your throat. It elevates an already spectacular shawarma to the level of high art.
I think this place can be considered a hole in the wall kind of place since it is very tiny and the only beverage served here is water. It's open and bright but I still had a claustrophobic feeling the whole time here. 

The menu is very limited and more limited than the picture of a menu posted a while back.

I tried the chicken shawarma plate that came with two sides and picked what they called spicy carrot salad and eggplant. The chicken was moist dark meat that differed from other shawarma I tasted because it was more almost nutty tasting and less of that tang taste that some shawarma has. The portion was monstrous as I ate a bunch my husband ate some and I took over 4 oz home. Maybe they just wanted to use up that batch and let it all go on me? I don't know? The eggplant was tasty and tasted like you fried onions with eggplant in a pan. The carrots were skillfully chopped into the tiniest cubes and seemed to taste a bit like coriander but weren't spicy but flavorful. I liked the spicy sauce that came with the plate it wasn't too spicy but was very flavorful and it was long and lingering and interesting.

Both of us were blown away with the beef kabob. It tasted better than we were expecting so it was a pleasant surprise. It tasted like the juiciest better tasting burger you can imagine. A thin nice sear and very moist lightly packed beef that was very good. My husband said if we ever go back he will try a hamburger from here. The kabob plate came with two sides and my husband picked fries and salad. The Fries were COLD AND SOGGY and might have been leftovers from the large take out order before us. The salad was finely diced tomatoes and cucumbers that they call Israeli Salad but according to Wikipedia Arabs also call this salad Arab Salad and Palestinians call this salad Palestinian Salad so it seems the Mid East is also fighting for bragging rights over this salad.

Our waiter offered us some pita bread with tehini. I have to say time froze and stopped  still for a second when we tasted the pita. It was that good, I don't know how you make a simple pita taste that good but it was. It was fresh warm very light but strong in texture. My husband isn't really crazy about any shawarma from anywhere but even he said the chicken on this pita was delicious.

I took home my left over chicken home and a few sauces and ordered a few felafel's to go. They are green inside and that is an indication of a better felafel that is made with fresh herbs instead of dry. The felafel's didn't have a big crunch but were moist inside and very fresh herby tasting. 

Our waiter was very thoughtful and just kept trying to bring me more food.

Some big hits but the fries were a miss. It really was like traveling the world. Limited hours I think open Sunday-Thursday.
This place has phenomenal schwarma and other Israeli meat specialties.   The schwarma is cooked on a traditional vertical skewer and made from dark meat chicken.   They serve it in a lafa (kind of like burrito style) or pita.  I prefer lafa, since you can get all the ingredients in each bite, whereas in a pita, the ingredients are layered on top of each other, so may get 1 bite of just eggplant or something.  My favorite toppings: Schwarma in a lafa with roasted eggplant, hummus, tahini, israeli salad, and charif (spicy sauce).  

Unfortunately, they seem to run out of schwarma frequently.  Because of that, I have tried a few other dishes, all of which have been good but not as good as schwarma.  I have had the beef kabob which is basically a hamburger shaped as a kabob with unique seasonings, and the chicken schnitzel which is a pounded boneless skinless chk breast breaded and lightly pan friend.  

Please note that this is a kosher restaurant.  However, the prices are closer to that of a non kosher restaurant and the portions are huge.  This is a great benefit - the quality of a kosher meal at  a competitive price.
Went back today with my fiance and her parents and little brother.  She and her father ordered the beef kabobs.  They were not good - super salty.  But, as always, the owner came up to our table a minute after we got our food and asked us how everything was.  i told him the kabobs were too salty and inedible.  He immediately asked what else us we wanted, so they ordered two more schwarmas - free of charge of course.  Shwarma is always delicious here and i strongly recommend trying it.  Shnitzel was also very good.  

They now have waiter service, and the service was great as well.
Absolutely delicious! Can't wait to come back! Chicken shawarma is juicy and seasoned to perfection.  Falafel, schnitzel, beef kabobs, were so great.  Sides r tasty! We feel like we r in Israel. The owner and his son are very charming!
Food is phenomenal. Very high quality, very fresh and very flavorful. Reasonably priced this place will be my go-to for a quick, healthy bite. Service reminds me of being in Israel....
First visit. Saw it reviewed in the Arizona Republic and it sounded good. We enjoyed the food. The falafel platter was great and the  mixed (chicken) grill was also tasty. The babaganoush and hummus were excellent. The spicy carrot salad good but not great. The Israeli salad was what one would expect. The beverages are all nonalcoholic. This is a small place. A table of 17 which included 7 loud and not well controlled children had a major effect on the ambiance. Service was good and apologized for the disruption caused by the large group. I think we will return.
Of all my restaurant experiences, the one today at Paprika sums it up as the most welcoming, friendly and warmest of all. Never having been here before, I thought I would venture out of my usual comfort zone and try this little tucked away Mediterranean bistro on the west side of Mercer lane in Scottsdale...

As I walked in the door, I was promptly greeted with a warm "Welcome" by Ari , also my soon to be server. As soon as I was seated, Ari asked if I had been there  before and also offered a quick overview of the menu. I zoomed in on the shawarma, which can be either served on a pita or on a lafa which makes the shawarma look more like a burrito.

For $ 9.95, trust me that you will be getting plenty of food and definitely enough for you to take home or even share. Today's shawarma special was veal and it was absolutely succulent and just perfectly spicy. Alongside the meat is out of this world hummus, Israeli salad, and served with French fries or a substitute if you prefer. Never having had a falafel, I told my kind server and he happily agreed to let me try a complimentary sample, which I thought was awfully kind.

I could not believe the size of the shawarma...it was truly unbelievable and bustling with nothing but fresh ingredients and just lick to the bone deliciousness. While enjoying my meal, I had the pleasure of meeting Gabi the owner who was just incredibly kind, friendly and warm just like any other restaurant owner should be.....truly outstanding in every respect.

For hours thereafter....my spirits were uplifted as a result of enjoying some of the purest and freshest tasting shawarmas I had ever had in my entire years of living....

Thank you for such wonderful hospitality...
Dropped in for a quick bite before heading out for a girls' night, and it was quite an amazing experience. They had items on their menu that I haven't really seen often, which I was thrilled with since I like places with unique items on their menu. 

Unfortunately I wasn't particularly hungry enough to get a meal all to myself (I know, shocker, right?!), but the wonderful gentlemen working there bought us an order of hummus to try out. I gotta say, as full as I was, I was eating this hummus -- it was so fresh and amazing that I couldn't help myself. 

I will absolutely be back to try their other menu items... as well as get another order of that yummy hummus.
Very good and run by great people from Israel. You won't be disappointed!
Solid Israeli fare. The schnitzel is very crispy and therefore GOOD.  Two main gripes:

1. No Doc Brown soda(s)
2. No pickled turnips

Enjoy.
The food is delicious and reasonably priced. The staff is friendly and service is quick.
This place and Mozart are TOP QUALITY... the grilled chicken was the best I've ever tasted around the world.  Shawarma was done very well also.  I'd say the hummus was meh...  Pita is extra thick and fluffy.  Also, the young boy working there was sooo friendly and helpful.  I will be a regular here and Mozart.
Ok I'm kind of obsessed with this place! Their food is fresh & tasteful! The chicken shawarma is tender & moist!! Hummus is clearly freshly made everyday! Delish! Eat here!!  Bonus: staff is extremely nice!!
A coworker of mine often brings people here, so another coworker and I decided to try it for lunch a few weeks ago. It's a small little shop with a couple of tables inside, but there was no wait and we perused their menu deciding on what to get. They have a pretty small menu but I liked everything on it which made the choice a little difficult, but I decided on the chicken kabob platter with hummus and fries. My plate didn't come with the stated pita for the hummus but I didn't want to say anything so I kept hush, but the hummus was really good. I also really liked the chicken and it looks like they hand cut their fries (or at least they look like how it does when I make homemade fries). My coworker had the pita and she really liked it. She also got their hot sauce (not the bottle, they have a salsa type sauce) and she really liked it - said it was super hot. They don't have any alcohol (if you're looking forward to it with your meal), but I'd definitely return. We stopped into their cafe/bakery next for and their cookies look really good but we didn't end up taking anything home.
More than disappointed... especially after the glowing reviews. 

I went in for lunch on a Friday with my family, simply desiring a sit down lunch for my children which didn't involve French fries. The lunch menu was quite simple-only five chicken selections with your choice of various side dishes.  

First I ordered the Shwarma... "Sorry, we are out of that" was the reply.  I reviewed the menu options and tried again, asking for the Kebobs. Only to be told, "we are out of that too". The cashier was apologetic and explained that they would be closed tomorrow, however I found it odd that they would not have nearly half of their small selection. I settled on a different chicken plate and was then asked to choose my sides. 

I took a look at the sides and asked for rice. "Sorry, we are out of rice". Uh oh, not this again. No rice?  I am seriously considering leaving at this point, but the reviews are so good I decided to stick it out. This time I ask for a side salad. Two guesses as to the reply... yep, out of salad too. I look around the establishment and see several other tables with people-Lord only knows what they are eating (since nothing in the menu is available)! The only options left are fries (exactly what I wanted to avoid) and Israeli salad, so I order that. 

My total for two lunch plates and two drinks, a whopping $32.  I couldn't believe it. Definitely more expensive than expected. 

Also, when I sat down there were no high chairs to sit my daughter. Oh well, I should have expected that one. The food that came out was not bad, but my experience had already been soured at this point. The food wasn't good enough to redeem the experience. 

I honestly can't understand why this place is rated so highly. There are far too many wonderful options in Scottsdale to waste your money here. Sorry.
We were in the mood for this type of food and based on reviews we decided to try this spot. When we pulled up we realized it was owned by the same people who own Mozarts (which I like), but the food here wasn't comparable.

Based on the cashier's recommendations, we tried the chicken schwarma pita and the plate version. We also ordered a side of fries. As soon as we got home and opened up our meal we realized the fries were raw potatoes soaked in oil which we ended up throwing away. How do you screw up fries!? The schwarma was even worse. The chicken was super greasy, over cooked and not very tasty. The plate came with no veggies and was literally an expensive pile of meat. 

The meal was very disappointing!
This restaurant is not worth the effort.  My guest and I arrived at 12:50pm on Monday, Restaurant opens at 11am.  We were seated close to the kitchen area---TV Blasting--requested it to be turned down--which was done.  Went to order our lunch choice they did not have any white chicken meat only thigh meat.  My guest said her lunch was less than fair Chicken Schwarma made with thigh meat. I ordered ChickenKebob was informed no kebobs, then ordered Chilled Chicken breast and was informed there is not white meat.  GIVE ME A BREAK!!!   I ended up ordering Chicken Schwarma Plate-dark which I dislike--plate came out with meat cold, pita cold and during the conversing with my guest my guest and I viewed the chef eating during preparation of our lunch, the chef became irate when asked to reheat my order as the chicken was cold. Yelling out the chicken is not cold then sticking his hand into the meat not even sure if I received a new order of meat.  The plate was cold and probably cooled down the chicken.   The pita was also sent back and returned still cold.The pita had no taste.  This restaurant should not be opened for business they do not know how to prep food and serve at a proper temperature nor how to accept their customer comes first. 

The Board of Health should come in and do a spot check as (1) chef should not be consuming food doing cooking orders and(2) the gentleman who takes orders and serves food should not be rubbing his eyes as he handles dishes and serves food.   (3) Not only this a young man came in and needed money I guess maybe to go shopping??  But the chef is the person who opened his own wallet and gave this young man money and then proceeded to handled food for an order--did not wash his hands.  Will never go back
Same owners as Mozarts and they should be ashamed for opening Paprika! There was hardly any customers in the restaurant, this should have said enough, but i will always give 1 try and trust me this restaurant did not deserve this one try.
I love this place. They're very helpful, they will custom make a made to order meal for you,  the food is delicious and the portions are ample.
This place has opened up exactly where Blue Nile was closed down. The menu is almost exactly the same (with some Americanized add-ons), so you could just as well say  they changed the name. Same furniture and decor even, though they are showing a lot of wear. Love the the tables with the beans and lentils inlaid. The service is always better than at Lalibela - this is almost like a hidden gem after 4 years, though the strip mall lot continues to look seedy. 

I always share the vegan combo with the hubby, and the Wats kick ass - they have tonnes of vegan options. The sambussas and lentil soups are good too.  Finish off with the orange flavored vegan coffee cake, ALWAYS! How do they make that vegan cream??? Never tried the east of the red sea stuff - there are plenty of places where you can eat hummus and falafal, so why have the usual here? My only gripe is that Blue Nile rarely had the goat cheese on plantain available, and now Juba says they don't make those anymore. That really was some gourmet appetizer!
This restaurant is great. It's relatively cheap but the food is quality, the servers are extremely friendly and helpful, and the restaurant has a nice ambiance to it. You can sit at what I assume to be African style dining tables, on the floor, or at a table if you prefer.

This place is great if you're vegan or vegetarian--especially when going out to eat with people who aren't, because there's plenty options for both.

I'd recommend the vegetable samosas, baba ghannouj (my personal favorite) and then getting one of the vegetable (or meat) dishes with 5 different 'platters,' which are sort of like tapas or dim sum but with flavorful African/middle eastern flavors.
Blue Nile's Ethiopian menu is still served plus an addition of another menu. Great food! Average hummus though... I would pass on that, but everything else is great.
Cheap prices, great quality, deluces food. I am a Saudi and they do the rice dish perfect in similer manner to the Saudi style!
Keep it up guys!
Kind of loved this place, but I felt a little weird being only one of two females (dining with my husband and female friend) in the whole place.  Could be a cultural thing. 

Super friendly wait staff.  Nice mix of Lebanese, Ethiopian and other middle east cuisines.  You can sit at tables, or around another section at traditional mesabs (sp?) or on the floor without shoes.  If I would have know this I would have worn better socks.  Of course the husband wanted to eat on the floor.  Food was good, I've had better Ethiopian.  Relatively cheap compared to other restaurant of similar quality.  I would go back, with new socks :)
Blue Nile was good, this is better. It's really good, guys. I was really happy after the meal, in the way that only food can do if something unhappy deep inside of you has been satiated. The food is super inexpensive too. There's an Ethiopian menu and a Mediterranean one.

The berbere mix they use here is pretty mild, but I think it's better that way. I usually prefer in-your-face-spice, the kind that you know will make your taste buds gush and pop. If not that, I at least like spicy because it's interesting and makes the other flavors taste better. This berbere was neither, but the subtle notes of the spices worked so well together it produced the same effect! This Ethiopian guy I met once told me you can evaluate how good an Ethiopian place's food is by the berbere--it's present in so many dishes. 

The injera was OK; the most important part to me was that it wasn't soggy like it's been sitting out too long. I think injera is usually more sour, and the flavor didn't hold up to the food's, but since the food was so good it was fine. I didn't get to try the Doro Wat (they were out) but I'm going back today to try it.

The Mediterranean dishes weren't super Mediterranean-y, seemed like they had an African influence on them. Or maybe they were. Either way pretty decent.

Technique doesn't matter as much as flavor for this type of food, but I didn't notice anything majorly wrong.

And the owner is really nice! That doesn't make the food taste better, but it makes a better restaurant.

I've had two great meals in the last two weeks--one in a top Zagat rated restaurant in Boston (for ~$100), and here (for like $10). My only fear is that since this place is new, it's in a honeymoon phase and the effort level will drop off soon.
Not the best Ethiopian I had. The food was actually less spicy and does not have that flavor I am used to. Dora wat and misir wat is good. Oh and they had shrimp....first time I seen that as an option....
Awesome food, great service.  You can feel the culture
Definitely a fan.  Everyone who I take to this place loves it.  Great food with great service.  The guy even threw a couple things in free while we waited.  I like how the one room you can sit on floor cushions as well.
The chicken shwarma was good. But both times my girlfriend ordered, they came back saying "oh we don't have that" even when I asked for tea. And the other employees set in the next room being very loud and obnoxious in their native tongue. It took almost an hour for two all orders because they stood around talking
People here doesn't seem to write yelp review as often. I almost miss this gem because of the few reviews.

it is a very unique place, with seating choice of on the table, or on the floor, of course we chose the floor. it is just so relaxing sitting on the floor eating :) 

Food here tastes great too, the lamb meat was falling off the bone, and melts in your mouth. salad was refreshing. 

only complain is that the serving for this place is HUGE, the two of us would definitely gotten full if we only ordered one dish.
I love this food here, service-not so much.

As someone with genetically determined diet, it's difficult to enjoy eating out anymore. This place is great because I can go here with my family and we can eat according to our different diets. 

They offer floor-seating. This is a perfect option for large parties. There are two menus, one Greek/Mediterranean and the other Ethiopian. 

Service is sparse. I've only seen two servers for the whole restaurant each time. They also cashier. This makes for very occupied servers.

This is a bummer, but the food is worth the wait.
This is one of my favorite places to eat! I love the food and atmosphere! Friendly staff...and great ethnic food!
You have to try the Somali Tea (ask for no cream if you are Vegan).

Love JUBA.  The Sambusa appetizers are my favorite. The amount of food you get is AMAZING for the price.  It is clean , very good service, and love the middle eastern/ east african vibe and atmosphere.  You can sit on the floor , or at tables/booths.

It is a small restaurant...nothing fancy.  They have goat, lamb, chicken, fish, etc.

I am a Hebrew, so I am very picky about pork products.  NO WORRIES here.  Everything is separated and freshly cooked to order.

Now, if you are looking for a restaurant with more Ethiopian foods and dishes, this is not the place.  It is more Middle Eastern and Somali.
Juba is an authentic Somali restaurant right in the heart of downtown Tempe. The owner is great and the food is delicious. The rice is crazy good.
I liked the ambience. Quite different from the usual restaurants around tempe. Food tasted good. The service was little slow.  The juice contained more ice and water and less juice. But yeah the food compensated for the horrible juice.
Juba has amazing food! If your taste buds are as adventurous as mine, this place is a must try! 

I wanted a different dining experience, one that made me feel like I was somewhere else. I wanted to find a place where they served traditional ethnic food, while eating on the floor. What do you know, I found it! You are more than welcome to eat on dining tables, but if you want to go all out, take off your shoes and sit on the floor!

Whenever I go to a new restaurant, I like to ask the waiter what they would recommend and/or personally eat. I don't say no to many foods, so this girl ordered the lamb and goat on a bed of rice. I'm not an expert on Ethiopian food, but I know when something makes my taste buds wanting more. My dish was well prepared - bringing out flavors I'm not familiar with. 

The food is inexpensive and the portions are large enough to share. What more can you ask for?
Seriously THE ABSOLUTE WORST place to get Ethiopian food. However the Mediterranean menu is awesome BEST FALAFEL IVE EVER HAD I swear. Five stars because the FALAFEL. Really good prices on everything. 
Also they have cute floor seating. The kids that work there are RUDE but I don't think they know any better. They must be dumb. Only one guy is really nice who works there. He will stand out. 

I just ignore the crappy attitudes and enjoy the hummus and falafel and pay the cheap bill. 
You have been warned.
Love the food here. Great experiences eating there and you can call in an order and pick it up. Large portions and the staff is friendly.
It's been ages since I had Ethiopian cuisine. The last time I ate here was when it was still named Blue Nile. It looks like they kept the Blue Nile menu, but then expanded it to include more general Middle Eastern dishes.

We stepped in for lunch, and saw the large advertised sign on the window for $5.99 lunch. There are 2 large menus to choose from. Browsing through the menu, we couldn't find the lunch specials on it anywhere. When I asked the waiter where I could find the lunch specials on the menu though, he vaguely pointed to the 3 pictures on the window in front, and briefly described them. Maybe it's just me, but it's odd to not have at least a printed paper description of your lunch specials at your table if they are so boldly displayed on your window front. Since there were only 3 of them, it would not be that hard to describe or print out!

Anyways, we decided to share the veggie/meat Ethiopian combo ($9.50). My friend asked "Is it good?" and the waiter replied almost instantaneously "It's alright." Not very reassuring, no? So we asked what would be better. After some hesitation, he pointed to quite possibly the most benign, Americanized, and uninspiring menu item, the grilled chicken salad. He then went on to say that the combos were quite popular (...But not good?). Faced with this rather odd discourse, we decided to carry on with our plan to get an Ethiopian dish and take the risk!

The combo came out in fairly quickly. The dish came with grilled beef, chicken, and 3 veggies of your choosing. Unfortunately, despite having the waiter repeating our choices for us and pointing to them on our menu, one of the items was not the right veggie. Despite this mix up, the combo tasted good, and the injera bread went well with the meat and vegetables. 

Even though the sign out front says they were open from 11 to 10 that day, they decided to close at 1 P.M. and left the "Open" neon sign lit. Quite a few people tried to enter the restaurant only to find out that it was locked. We got there a little after 12 and were still eating when they locked up the door. They let us know that we could take our time and the chef could let us out when we were done, but we felt uneasy being the only customers in there, trapped inside so we left as soon as we finished. I'm not sure if they normally close at 1 P.M., but perhaps changing their signage or leaving a sign describing why you are closed just that day would help clear any confusion.

I used to really like going to Blue Nile for both the food and the service years ago, but since the change in management and name this rather odd eating experience has left me leery to frequent this restaurant again. On to Lalibela perhaps for our next Ethiopian outing!
Here's the plan. You have a friend who likes adventurous, flavorful food but who just can't quite manage to like "mediterranean" food. You will take the friend to Juba. You will order for that friend the Chicken Shawarma meal. You will see your friend like Mediterranean food.

Or we could drop the pseudonyms and you could buy me some chicken shawarma. The spicing is somehow different from what I've had at Greek restaurants, and I like it better. On some future visit, I may try the goat, though I've had goat before elsewhere, so I don't get Adventurous Points for eating goat any more.

Entrees run about $11-$12, so for a dive ethnic restaurant, this isn't cheap-cheap, but the portions are gluttonously huge. The chicken shawarma is at least the poultry bulk of a healthy Cornish game hen, served on what I would consider to be a week's supply of very nice rice. There is also a frill of salad and a puddle of respectable hummus, with pleasant pita.

Service is sweet-natured and pleasant, and if you're bored during the short wait, you can read the free Pakistan West newspaper and decide that you really need to go to Pakistan to ride the Karachi Circular Railway when it's rebuilt.
I thought the food here was pretty good - cheap too. It started as an Ethiopian restaurant but the server told me that some Somalis bought it. The atmosphere was fine and they have a sitting room - see photo. The service was fine and the bathrooms were clean. My date enjoyed her Vegan meal and I enjoyed my beef dish. We left thoroughly satisfied - the portions were adequate. I would come here again. Celebrate Diversity! Solid!
I'm not telling you to drive here for the food but if you are a local its a new biz open now just two weeks and they have a nice lunch and owner.

Owner was nice and his wife does all the cooking. 

Chipotle chicken pasta was super tasty and the chicken panini was good but unremarkable. 

I was there for a day seminar but the owner was so nice and welcoming I just felt it was my Yelp duty to tell others so locals can find this hidden gem. Might be a good place to go while getting your car washes or for an office lunch.

BTW the maple/pecan/shortbread bar was super tasty too.
Wow this place is truly amazing. It has fantastic food and baked treats to die for! The owners are very nice and you must try this place right now! The cookies, breads, cupcakes and brownies are phenomenal. Also the macaroni and cheese, spicy asparagus pasta dish and the hummus are fantastic. Please try this place it's well worth the find.
What a wonderful, quaint new lunch tucked away in a retail area off Eastern & Sunridge Heights Pkwy. in Anthem. My mom and I had lunch there yesterday and were warmly greeted by the owner, who recommended the wonderful chipotle chicken pasta for me because I wanted something spicy and a spinach salad with raspberry vinaigrette for my mom since she wanted a salad. 

The pasta dish was excellent. It compared with what I would get at my favorite Italian restaurants. It had the perfect kick without being too spicy. It was a very generous portion, and I took the leftovers home and shared them with my husband for dinner...he loved it as well. My mom really enjoyed the spinach salad that had a very generous amount of walnuts, which she loves. The salad was very fresh, you can definitely tell the difference in freshness between this and what you get at other places. 

The prices are certainly reasonable, especially for the quality of the food, friendliness of the owner and atmosphere. I've already told friends about Sugar & Spice and can't wait to go back!
A total hole in the wall place! Just ate here and it was quite tasty! The owner was super friendly and had a tasting a bunch of pastry samples. My husband had the burger and really enjoyed it. I had the southwest wrap and was unsure of it but the owner said he wouldn't charge me if I didn't like it. Needless to say, I paid. Oh yeah! We als split fries which were cooked to perfection and seasoned with pepper. So delicious! 
The only awkward part was the ambiance. There was no music or anything so we felt like we had to talk softly so as not to disturb the other diners. We will definitely be back.
FRESH describes this place best!  I took a friend here for her birthday lunch. Wonderful, welcoming owner and his wife is a superb cook. They make everything from scratch and when they run out, they are out. This means that everything they have is really freshly made. We shared the Chinese chicken salad, which was superb and had homemade dressing. Hummus was tasty and homemade. We had the delectable maple-pecan bars for dessert, which were, again, homemade and SO good! The interior is pretty plain, but don't let that turn you away! As others have said, it's not the easiest place to find, but worth the search. I really wish them well; they deserve the business!
Sugar and Spice..and the salads are nice! That's what I had when I stopped by to see what this place was all about.  I wouldn't have known about this place if it were not for me driving right past it after having breakfast at neighboring Egg Works.  This restaurant resides in the Eastern Hills Shopping Center. Never knew there was a restaurant here since it's not visible from Eastern Ave. It's located on the backside right behind the Greek and Vietnamese restaurants. 

The menu offerings are mostly lunch fare. A bit of French, Mediterranean and Italian cuisine is represented their sandwiches,salads, and pasta selections. I guess that's the "Spice" part of it.  

The "Sugar" part is displayed in the 2 cold cases at the counter.  There's a variety of desserts from baklava to mango cake.  I got the pre-cut square piece for seventy five cents. I'm fine with that since it's just enough sugar for me. Other sweet tooth lovers might gripe though about the serving sizes for cake pieces.
  
The main meal on the other hand was a very generous portion.With the hot temps, I went for lunch on the lighter side. The Spinach Arugula salad is enough for two people.  I like the combo of these salad greens. These really had that picked from the garden freshness. Then tossed with glazed walnuts, apples, dried cranberries and a cream cranberry vinaigrette on the side. Just the way I like it. That way I control how much dressing to put on my salad. The prices for meals are pretty reasonable most orders are under $10 

The staff here is really nice and helpful and service was spot on.  It's family owned and operated. What clued me in was the young lady who took my order went and pulled another employee to ring up the order, he then said to "give the order to mom". (It was so cute) I just find refreshing to see parents and their kids working together. The kitchen is visible from the counter and there was the mom, busy cooking!

The kitchen appeared really clean by the way. The dining area consists of a few tables and some seating also along the window. There's an eclectic mix of wall art and knick knack deco. It's more casual feel for me than upscale as they describe their place. It's all good though, I'll definitely be back since I'm all about supporting small businesses first and foremost. They are the heart of our community.
The food was amazing and the owner was so nice!
I  popped into this place while getting a car wash with my 3 kids (didn't want to wait in the crowded gift shop where my kids run around grabbing everything and asking me to buy it). I ordered an iced latte and some pastries for the kids.  I normally am not a huge fan of iced coffee because I feel like it gets watery, but this one was creamy perfection.  The brownie was super chocolatey, almost like a fudge, of which I wholeheartedly approve. And the mousse cakes were light, airy and sweet. My picky toddler kept asking for more.. I was amazed. As other reviewers mentioned, the people working there make you feel right at home and are happy to have even a group of children, before we left they knew all their names :)
OMG! U need to eat here.. I am an Italian chef so most places are disappointing this was a great surprise! I will definitely be back and I would recommend this place to anyone!!!
3.5 stars (running for cover - I know, I know.  I'm not in the majority here)

Came here with friends to try lunch somewhere new and not the same old routine.  We were all surprised at how much we enjoyed our different meals.  The interior of this place isn't what I expected by the name.  I can't describe what I expected but this wasn't it - I guess maybe more luxurious, with a more "professionally designed" aesthetic.  Seemed like an eclectic mix of styles inside, with a "bare" feeling, but the seating (all tables and chairs) was comfortable and fairly well spread out.  I thought it was odd that there was no music or anything.  The place was quiet - almost *too* quiet.  

I think it was the owner who took our order.  Very friendly, pleasant, and accommodating.  He made some great suggestions but ultimately let us go our own ways.  The place became busier throughout our meal and, ultimately, our waters became more empty with no refills in sight.  Just seemed like he wasn't staffed well enough for lunch time on a weekend.  

I had the chinese chicken salad, which was packed with fresh and delicious ingredients.  My husband ordered a penne pasta and was surprised when something completely different came out (a pesto chicken panini).  Being the easy going guy he is, he let it go and decided to stick with his panini, which he was extremely pleased with!  Our friends had the greek salad and chicken schawarma (a special that day) and both looked incredible.  They raved about the schawarma!  Mine and my husband's meal came out about 10 minutes before our friends' so we wound up waiting for them to have food. 

We were too full for dessert but I thought the "bakery" part of the restaurant description was a little misleading.  There is a pastry case at the front of the dining room but there were only 2 pastries in it when we were there.  I'm sure they had more to offer but if you'd have come in just for pastries you would have been a little disappointed.  

Overall, the food was incredible and the prices were fair.  The service may have been a little off for us that day, but that's not to say it wasn't friendly and welcoming, just not very attentive.  I WILL be back to try more of the mouth watering food, and hope to increase my star rating at that time.  This place is definitely worth a try for lunch!
My favorite place to get lunch in Henderson. I love going here whenever I am free in during lunch time. The owner and his wife are very friendly people. Wife is the chef, and she love to cook the meals on the menu. Food is so flavorful and fresh. I love their Chipotle Chicken Pasta. I love spicy food and I asked them to make is as spicy as they can. When I took my first bite, I was not disappointed. 

They also have many other dishes, but this is their chipotle is my favorite by a small margin. 

Prices are reasonable and the restaurant environment is very quite, neat and clean. The only issue is that its not located on the eastern ave. side of the road, you will have to drive to the back side of the plaza. Just follow the signs for Sugar and Spice. 

I would recommend this to anyone who is interested in getting quality lunch.
Food  = 5 stars. Try the spicy pasta 
Service = 0 stars. Really bad. Took 40 mins to get food. No servers. Went on a Saturday afternoon for lunch. There were 6 tables that had customers and only one guy that took orders. It took so long, that some customers left without eating. Not a good sign.
Had the egyptian chicken fajita with rice and it was delicious!!! The owners know how to present delicious authentic food!! These egyptian plates are only available fridays and saturdays.
By far the best restaurant in town. Everything there is tasty and it's family operated so you know you will be getting quality food and service. The owners are very good people.
This place become one of our favorite restaurants in Henderson.Hard working couple and wonderful food with reasonable price.This place open limited time,but it's worth to try.You'll love it.
The Owners are very nice and friendly. One of a kind spices and their chicken fajita is delicious. 
Nice restaurant.  I recommend this place.
Sugar and Spice makes the BEST pecan bars I have ever tasted! Check them out!  Plus the couple that own Sugar and Spice are very welcoming!
Tried the homemade baklava and wow! The owner is very nice and the food was fantastic!
Pros:  It's in my neighborhood, food is good (not great) because it's inconsistent.
Cons:  It's too pricey for what you get.  The owner is not customer friendly.  I wanted the chicken scharma with rice but I asked to substitute the pickled peppers and carrots with a scoop of the tabuli salad, he said no.  I offered to pay one dollar more for the scoop, he still said no. I don't get this.  It was such a small amount I can't understand his decision.  He wanted me to pay 3.99 for a small side order.

This behavior doesn't make me feel valued as a customer, especially since it doesn't make a lot of sense, from a business perspective or human perspective.

i won't go back!
Food is pretty good, but service is terrible.
I was really happy when this place opened because it was another close Mediterranean restaurant to try. However, I went in and ordered a beef sharwma plate and a chicken sharwma plate and asked for the rice to be substituted for a salad. He said that's not a problem, it will only be $1 more. I end up getting my receipt and it's actually $5 more. I received my food and when I got home I realized there is no pita bread and the portions are small for a plate. For a new restaurant with 4 customers in the restaurant this place should easily be able to make the orders correctly. I will keeping going to Stefanos down the street from now on.
After realizing I had not supported my neighborhood restaurants in a while and being hungry for mediterranean food, I popped in to Yalla's.  It was after lunch and the restaurant was very quiet.

I was looking up at the menu on the wall, when a very nice young man pointed out the menu was also on the counter.  No neck strain necessary.  Plus, I can see better.  So, I ordered the vegetable skewer plate for $8.50.  Initially I thought it was a little pricey until I got home and opened it.

The food is stored in a styrofoam container with a large area in front and two smaller areas the back.  The large front area was filled generously with very tasty rice.  I loved the seasoning, it was delicate and smelled beautiful.  Two large vegetable skewers were placed on top, filled from end to end with a variety of grilled veggies like tomato, red pepper, mushroom, red onion.  The were cooked perfectly with just a hint of a bite.

There was definitely enough for two to share.  I'll be back!
I stopped by at 12:30pm to order Hummus, pita & lentil soup to go. The restaurant is very clean. I thought the service was great! They were not very busy, I didn't have to wait more than ten minutes and they apologized for the wait! I didn't mind at all.

The food: best hummus ever. It was very creamy and fresh. Pita bread was just ok, i thought it seemed a little chewy and day old. Lentil soup was amazing!!!! I'm in love with that soup.
Great food, not Greek, but Lebanese. The menu isn't too big but everything is made fresh to order. Staff very helpful and out-going.
This is my first time here just happened to notice it as I was driving. I got the chicken Scharma and a side of falafel.  The guy who took my order was very polite, the food was made pretty quick and my order was correct.  Not too busy but a slow but steady amount of people coming in. I did see the owner who was not as polite as his staff, he didnt even smile or say anything to a single customer. The food was pretty good, ive had better but ive also had alot worse. Good portion sizes so either they re vamped the sizes after the previous posts or the other place gives ridiculous portions. I would come back again based on my experiance.
I was so excited when I found out Yalla was opening near my house- we were in need of a good Med Cuisine place there, and also, it is owned by Khoury's- my FAVORITE place to eat.  
We ordered a few things, the roasted chicken sandwich, Fatoush salad with Chicken, and the beef kabobs. 
The rice was out of this world! It has a little crispy thin noodles and a light oil.  The hummus was great and the Fatoush was so tasty.  My husband had no complaints about the sandwich..but we did have a couple downsides.  
The order was billed incorrectly.  And the cashier was very apologetic, but ended up billing me more, so that he didn't have to call his manager to fix it.  I felt that he should have just billed me the price he told me over the phone and comped his mistake.  Also, their Pita bread was not as good as i had hoped, tasted kind of old.  
I'll be back though.

UPDATE: 
I did come back, only to wait in line behind another customer for 10 minutes (at a counter btw) without so much as a "hello", or "sorry" from the cashier. The wait was so long becuase this woman could not get her order together and we were ignored so we just left. AWFUL SERVICE. Cashier should have acknowledged us, or offered to start our order while the customer ran out to her car, but no. Nothing. AWFUL! 
We went to Osaka across the street.
Yalla grill is absolutely delicious! I decided to to come try Yalla because I knew the owners where the same as Khoury's, and it was a great experience. I popped in after work to get a quick bite and it was fast and easy. The food was the same fresh quality I had come to expect from Khoury's. The rotisserie chicken was best chicken I've ever had! It is cooked to a perfectly golden crisp, and the garlic paste is to die for. I will definitely be eating at Yalla all the time!
I am a Vegetarian. I have been one for over 15 years, so i generally know the cost of the foods i eat. With that being said, this place is nothing but a scam! I paid $9.50 for a dish of 5 fallafel balls, a few slices of old chewy un-seasoned tomatoes, a few slices of old cucumbers, some brown lettuce(used as garnish) and some straight out of the jar pepperoncini( 2 of them)......i also got a cup of the lentil soup...which was $3.99 and may as well have been served in one of those cups that you keep by your bathroom sink! it was so small! My boyfriend got a shawarma sandwich, which was only $5.99!......the sandwich was pretty big loaded with meat,, and veggies,  and filled him up nicely, but how is it that my meal which consisted of nothing but veggies was more than the meat??? Considering the cost of one tomato is less then .50? and all i got was a few slices of old chewy tomato?I am a small business owner so i understand mark-up but come on!!  I am middle eastern by descent so i have to say that the soup and falaffel were very good...but despite that i will not be coming back here due to the absurd prices....i even noticed that to add fries to a sandwich was an additional $2.99! That seems insane to me! They also have a "veggie skewer dish" for over $9 which consists of 2 skewers that have one piece of broccoli, a few pieces of tomato, some onion slices and some red bell pepper slices...served over rice, thats it!!
Very clean inside... fast service. I tried the Yalla Salad w/ chicken shawarma. Very tasty the dressing was light and citrusy and the chicken was moist and not dry & over cooked. Try it for sure. The hummus was also very tasty. The pita bread was very fresh and not "fresh out of the bag"!
Food tastes very good kinda pricey. As with any place that makes fresh food You have to wait for the food to be served.. Good selection of Middle-Eastern food. Not as good as Glendale CA but a good choice for the Vegas area.
Had lunch here. It was wonderful. I would highly recommend it.
Love the food it's great authentic  Lebanese cuisine!found out its related to the sister restaurant Khourys Mediterranean, my mother had the chicken shawarma sandwich and I had the chicken kabob plate and it was great!!
It was cooked perfect and the chicken was juicy not dry like other restaurants I've been to.
Every time we're in the area, This place is my lunch place. Can't wait!!
Big Like.
I had high hopes for this place.  I kind of grew up on Lebanese food.  First of all, the guy at the counter was great.  Nice and friendly.  Seemed eager to help.  Let's get to the food.  The hummus was pretty good.  Hummus is hard to make too poorly.  This one has a LOT of lemon in it.  I could have used some cumin or more cumin.  Perhaps a little cayenne and black pepper too, but like I said it was fine.  The beef shawarma was pretty damn good.  I'll go back for that alone.  The pita was soft, the tahini sauce was just the right amount of pungent.  The meat was slightly stringy, but that's the cow, not the restaurant.  It was done properly.  Their tabouli was good.  Not great, but good and fresh.  Again, LOTS of lemon.  Not as much as the hummus, but a lot.  The pickled parsnips were disgusting.  Some folks may like them, but didn't suit me at all.  Same with the garlic spread.  Two ingredients: garlic and olive oil.  AND it's a paste.  If you like garlic, you'll LOVE that stuff!  My wife's chicken kabobs were a little disappointing.  Overcooked, too crispy.  The rice was ok.  A lot was just ok.  I'll go there again for the beef and would try the gyro stuff, but I wouldn't take guests from out of town.  Too many other places that are way better.  But this one is a few blocks from the house, so I'll go back now and then.  If they stay open.
I was hesitant to try out this place because of the not so good reviews and there's already a lot of other Mediterranean places in the area that have better reputation. But since it was the closest to my job, I decided to at least give it a shot. I wasn't impressed the first time I came here when I got the chicken shwarma. It was too salty for my taste buds.
 
After that I thought I wouldn't come back but everyone deserves a second chance right? And I am so glad I did because after I tried their chicken kabobs, I was so hooked that I kept coming back for them at least once a week!
 
The chicken is perfectly cooked with the most delicious seasoning and it also comes with onions, mushrooms, and bell peppers also tastely seasoned. I'm not a big hummus person but I actually like the texture and flavor of their hummus. I really like their rice too! So please give this place a chance and don't be put off with the reviews about bad service!
Awesome food.... Especially the shawarma sandwiches. It's healthy and fast. Great service. Definitely coming back to eat here again. It's a hidden jewel.
Wow, I can't believe anyone gave this place less than 4 stars, they must have been having a bad day! I love Mediterranean food, and have tried every place I could find over the past few years here in the valley. Some have been good and some have been ok, but this place really stands out because the food is exceptional!

If you like schwarma, you are in for a real treat. The chicken is hot and moist, and seasoned perfectly. Don't forget the garlic sauce!
Being half Lebanese I grew up on this food and tend to be very picky.  Service was great and the girl working knew what she was talking about. My friend and I got our food to go and didn't not have to wait too long at all. 
We ordered grape leaves, kibee balls, gyro, and a chicken schwarma. Grape leaves were ok too salty and rice was under cooked. Kibee balls were ok as well very greasy and tasted very fried. I had the gyro and it was extremely salty I couldn't even finish it. My friend had the chicken and she said the same thing...too salty. The garlic dipping sauce was really fantastic though, my favorite part of the meal!
I really like this place! Food is delicious! Fresh and clean environment and you can see they take pride on there fare. My only complaint is reliability! I came here looking to by a whole chicken during peak dinner hour and they had none. I asked why and they said that were just not busy enough to make more than 2 chickens for dinner and 2 for lunch. The rotisserie is always empty and the place has very little business. It is a shame because the food rocks! I do go elsewhere when I am looking to buy chicken to take home for dinner. There is a great place down the street that is awesome as well. Reliability is a factor! I will stop into Yalla for lunch and order a Shawarma. I wish this place nothing but the best. Maybe they should market a little better. IMHO. That is the only reason I am giving them 3 stars! If they build there clientele and work on the loyalty and reliability Yalla is 5 stars in my book!
Fantastic!  I walk to Yalla once or twice a week for lunch and between the walk and the excellent healthy food on the menu, it's a win win situation.  I walked in the other day and it smelled like a bakery.  No wonder their pita bread is amazing! This place is something special.
Well I guess that's the end of yalla as we knew it! The place has new owners and went down hill quick. Went in today to an empty restaurant and was with my wife and daughter. I asked "Jacob" if he can substitute the hummus for something else for my daughter because she is allergic to sesame and he said he can give her a salad for a dollar more, I was like, really! I am one of your best and only customers and he rolled his eyes as he proceeded to charge me and get my whole order wrong. Never gave us our kefta and we had to wait for. that. Bad vibes thru out. Signs of despair. Food was ok but not a craving like before. I am sure it won't last.
If you love Mediterranean food you must try this place. Totally awesome. They have a wonderful home made green hot sauce too! Everything on the menu is fresh and delicious! The pita bread is not too thick so you don't get bloaty. They also offer a low carb option with lettuce wraps instead of pita bread.
Went there with my husband and his friend. I had their vegetarian plate. It was good. Love the fresh bread. The dolmas was differant from what I'm used to but it was delicious. Service was awesome. Will stop by again if I'm craving Mediterranean food and around the area.
Is there a rating lower than 1 star??? 

So I decided to stop in on a whim while driving by.  Big mistake.  I walked in and went to the counter to order - had to wait for someone to actually notice me there.  The young girl told me to grab a seat as I decided to eat in.  I grabbed that seat and ordered a glass of water which she brought promptly.  Without a doubt, based on the stale dirt taste, this was unfiltered tap water.  So I look at the menu and it takes me about 1 minute to decide on the gyro... 5 minutes go by.... 10 minutes go by...   17 minutes and FINALLY I catch the attention of the girl delivering food to the only other customer's in the place.  She comes over and asks if I've ordered and proceeds to take my order.... Thank goodness it didn't take as long to get my food because I was starting to shake from hunger.  Apparently I got someone else's french fries with my order - according to the other customer in the restaurant as she was very vocal about  telling me and the server that I had her fries.  Like it's my fault and I served them to myself? It just keeps getting better.... So I dig in to my gyro... It's cold.  Everything is cold.  The meat, the pita.... ? What the hell? Then another couple comes in and they are immediately offered a basket of bread while they wait... Ummm.. I could have used the bread while I was sitting there STARVING, waiting for my order to be taken.  I had to go up front and ask for ketchup for my fries - I got handed packets.. ummm ok. Packets in a 'restaurant'.  Then as I sit down tearing open my ketchup packets she brings the other customer a bottle.  Really? 

Anyhow.. so there I am eating... while I am doing so the girl comes to my table and reaches over my plate to take two of the three empty ketchup packets off my tray.  Why? Over my food? Only 2 of them?  By this point I am just thinking "don't come near me again" over and over in my head. 

Well, she did.  Not only did she drop the bill and tell me "no rush", another girl came by and started resetting the table while I was sitting there eating!!!  CAN IT WAIT?????!!!!! I'M STILL EATING HERE!!! 

By now I'm fuming and know that this was the worst lunch decision I've made... I walk up to pay the bill and provide an adequate tip for the level of service I was given... 1.00 (Lucky to be given even that much).  As I turn to walk away the girl at the front counter decides to make a noise like a cat growl and a comment about the tip.  She's lucky I continued to walk out instead of turn around and verbally lash out at her unprofessional/rude ass.  

First and LAST time I will ever go there... and as far as recommendations... FORGET IT!
I have to say I did review the reviews of this place as I was waiting so I was biased but they did do a good job.

I had lunch with my family here because I wanted falafel. I have to say that the falafel wasn't that good. It tasted too fine as if made from a powder. If that is not the case then I was a bit disappointed that they might have over ground the mix. It was good but not anything I'd return for. 

I did how ever like their fresh pita bread. It was perfect with my falafel platter which came with some pickled veggies.

They serve hummus on the side which was a little runny for my taste.

The fresh pita and hummus were a good combo but both were slightly bland. I wouldn't always necessarily say it was a bad thing but to have something not so salty but some flavor was missing.

My niece had a kids meal which wasn't anything special. My aunt had a chicken wrap that was good.

Overall I would return to try some other stuff. Service was good. The young gentlemen was polite and also brought out a pita bread refill. Prices were also good.
I've been to a few Mediterranean places lately mainly in California where I live I tried Yalla for the first time because I had a Groupon and I must say I was impressed. It is really authentic tasting!

I ordered the shrimp kabobs and my gf had the filet mignon wrap. Both were great! The rice was great too! I guess my only complaint would be we ordered jalapeo hummus and it didn't really taste like jalapeo nor was it hot but the pita bread and hummus were really good!

I will definitely come back!
Was in the mood for  some good Mediterranean food so my boyfriend and I ended up here. I would like to start off by complimenting the staff, from the second we walked in everyone had a smile on their face and was very attentive. My water glass was never empty and everything tasted very fresh. We started off with the jalapeo hummus and pita bread. The pitas were warm and fresh and the jalapeo hummus had just the right amount of spicy. My boyfriend jokingly mentioned he was a spicy guy and they brought a small side of extra chopped jalapeo. We had the chicken and beef shawarma (made with "top sirloin") it came with rice and was delicious. The real highlights were the beef kabob made with filet mignon and the Kafka kabob made with angus beef which was very authentic. Not to mention all the great sauces such as the tzatziki and garlic sauce (goes great with the kabobs) I also recommend the yalla fries and the gyros which are a definite must have! Those who are unfamiliar with this this style of food or just looking for a good mediterranean restaurant in Las Vegas Yalla should be your first choice. This is a great family run restaurant, that shows with the quality of food and customer service. Will definitely be back!!
I had the Vegetarian plate: falafel, stuffed grape leaves, hummus, and some tahini dipping sauce and some peppers and lettuce. All the food was excellent, and the falafel and stuffed grape leaves were the best I've ever had.
Good fattoush and Greek salads. Fresh fries and yummy hummus. Did not like the chicken swarma sandwich- dressing didn't have any taste. Service was good but there really wasn't anyone in there. There is a groupon online if you want to check it out.
I've literally just got in from Fatma's.....I'm a fan of Hanams but this place is on another level! Had a platter of starters between us and as someone who adores Middle Eastern food my standards are quite high (we eat out in Dubai a lot!) I have to say that the food was divine. We chatted to the owner/chef who has his takeaway cartons arriving shortly...no doubt these guys will be seeing our custom from all angles! I genuinely didn't have one complaint. The Moutabal, Arayess & Mouhallabieh were particularly delightful. I think I'll be taking my tourist friends here instead of my midtown staple from now on... 100% recommended
I really enjoy middle eastern food, so when I spotted this restaurant on Commercial Street I knew wanted to try this place..

Tanja R. and I decided to find out what Fatma is all about.. The waiter informed me that they have only been there for 3 months. He brought us the menus and explained that a good way to enjoy the 'lebanese experience' is to share smallish mezze plates and he recommended 5 mezze plates for 2 people. Though he did also mention that the portions are reasonably large - so caution in mind we went for 4 mezze plates: hummus, grilled halloumi, arayes and lamb skewer. 

They also brough flatbread and 3 different kind of dips to go with the food. All the food was delicious, I especially enjoyed the halloumi cheese. The hummus was quite nice too as was the arayes (toasted pitta bread stuffed with spiced minced lamb). The lamb skewer was tasty, albeit a bit chewy. 

The restaurant itself was very modern - nothing wrong with it per se but it just lacked atmosphere. I think a really authentic looking place would elevate this experience - hmm.. maybe even to five stars!  :)
I went to Fatma last Friday to get a takeaway as I needed a lebanese 'pick me up'.

Upon entering, I was greeted warmly by a gentleman who I assume was the owner. I placed my order and they offered me a seat whilst the food was being prepared. At this point the restaurant was quiet, with only a couple dining in. I had nice banter with a waiter who kept me entertained with stories of a country we both used to live in. 

Fatma opened earlier this year and they now have a takeaway menu, which has an extensive selection: soups, salads, mezze, main courses - anything from tabbouleh to falafel and shawarma. The menu had loads of all sorts of authentic lebanese dishes, most of which I am not familiar but if you fancy e.g. shakreyeh - don't worry, it is on the list! The takeaway menu explains that shakreyeh is 'tender lamb meat cooked in our own yogurt sauce and herbs, served with rice and salad'.

Ok, so I actually chose lamb shawarma. A big box of tender lamb pieces on a bed of aromatic rice, flavoured with saffron and cardamom. It was accompanied by salad, some flat breads and a tomato based dip which contained what looked like okra. It was all tasty. My only niggle was that the rice looked a bit greasy, but perhaps it was due to the lamb pieces mixed with rice, which contributed to this.

Fatma ain't the cheapest, but it's not a place you would always go for a takeway - and it has an emphasis on good quality food. Takeaway of lamb shawarma is 11.95.
Upon entering Fatma you are warmly greeted by the owner and directed straight to your table.

The food we ate was delicious from their extensive menu! The houmous was the best ive tasted and the lamb dishes we had were so tender, you could tell that it was quality meat we were tasting. We enjoyed 2 starters 2 mains a glass of wine, 2 beers and a lebanese cake for desert and the meal came to 67, however we bought a groupon voucher we bought for 30 which meant we could spend 60 - so effectively half price!!! great deal. 

I did feel however that at the end of our meal that they were happy to see us leave and wanting to free up space, which did put me off slightly.

Worth a visit!
I stopped at the gas station next door to fill up.  Had not had lunch yet, so stopped by the gyro spot.  At first I didnt expect much, but man those gyros were juicy and topped with all the goodies.  Some gyros can be dry, but this place had some flavor! My brother had a chicken plate, which was also tasty!
This is what I like to call a sleeper restaurant. It's next to a gas station, Has minimal parking but the food and the service can't be beat. I have been a few times and always enjoy going back. The owner is fun to talk to and he will tell you some amazing stories. Stop in and you'll see what I mean.
My colleagues and I had lunch there today. We all ordered the Chicken Pita and it was delicious! The chicken was greatly marinated. We will be back!
Me and my colleagues sat at the round table as we waited for our food. 

We discussed how this place is not inside the gas station but rather next to a gas station. To sum up, it is not inside a gas station because it doesn't belong in a gas station. 

Pita Combo:
As for the food, the chicken is tooo good, and the fries are too crispy and tasty that my taste buds were showering with joy. The pita bread does not fall short, it is soft and fresh; it compliments the taste of the meal very well. And dont forget to eat your veggies, yes my meal had some veggies fused inside the pita for that extra delivery of great taste followed by my tasty beverage to wash it all down. 

After we were finished I nodded my head to the cook and we drove off into the sunset.
Best gyro I have ever had!
Best Gyro's for the price.  For reference, I used to be a fan of Med Fresh Gyro's on Mill Ave but their prices have gone up and quality has gone down.    

Don't remember the name of the cook. He's always been very friendly and makes the best gyro sandwiches for $4, can not beat that anywhere in town.  I think gyro places get their meat from the same distributor/brand (Kronos), but this place is fairly generous with their pieces of meat, always pretty fresh too.  

My wife loves the Greek Salad with chicken,  like others have noted the chicken is marinated wonderfully and the lettuce is perfectly crisp each time she's had it  4-5 times now.
Solid gyro with delicious fries (perfectly cooked) and a good value. Gyro was heaping with meat - could have ordered a second pita and made two sandwiches!

I will be back - for sure.
Great gyros, good lunch price!
This little shop next to the Shell gas station is a hidden gem! My brother and I were in the car filling up gas and saw a small cafe next door, "Gyros on Central." I loved the name - reminded of how they name restaurants in New York. We were both starving so we thought to try it out.

AMAZING! I ordered the chicken pita combo and he ordered the gyro combo. Both of our sandwiches were filled up with a hearty amount of meat (love that) and the fries were seasoned, crispy and HOT. Too many times I've ordered combos, and the fries end up soggy and/or cold. My brother loved his food, too. The owner came by to ask how everything was and sat with us for awhile - incredibly nice guy. We both appreciated the hospitality.

And we'll both be back  - you should, too!
This place is great. A gyro combo is $6.50 and that gives you a stacked gyro, fries, and a drink. The gyro is delicious and totally stuffed with meat, everything about it screams flavor; the fries are also awesome. They have an entire fridge of drinks to choose from, as well as fountain drinks and even a Gold Peak tea machine, which is the icing on the cake for me. 

Head into this place, they really deserve more business. I'm a completely broke college student and I always feel satisfied with this purchase.
Love this place, reminds me of Chicago type gyros. The food is great and the place is clean. My favorite is the gyro plate, you can't go wrong with it. It's filling and the gyro meat tastes damnn good. Found this place filling up my car at the Shell gas station right next door, now I come by for the food.
"You eat your Gyros at a gas station?"

Yes I do, but only because of the outdoor seating.
I used to live nearby (2003?) and would get my gyros from a counter within the gas station. The gas station owner's wife made gyros and sandwiches which became so popular,  her husband took his large storage room and made her a seperate restaurant. I am not sure if the original family is still involved but it sounds as if the great flavors continue.
We've passed by this place a dozen times, and I finally got to try it out when we had a family dinner at our house. I was craving gyros, so I called to ask how much a big platter of gyros was. The owner was extremely nice. Both he and the cook ensured that we had a great meal. They gave me directions for reheating (as I was needing the food for Sunday, but they were only open Saturday for pickup.) Everyone loved the gyro meat. He even put together salad and pitas to go with it. It was a great price too for feeding 10 people!!! We've gone back a few times. :-)
I have been here twice. The first time I got the Veggie Platter. A nice mix of hummus, pita, a little Greek salad and Dolmades. The food is nice, but nothing overly impressive. 

On the first visit after ordering and waiting 5 minutes I was told they were out of hummus. What? A Greek place out of hummus?  At any rate I think they scraped the bottom of the barrel and I got some with my meal, but about half of what was pictured in the menu. 

I went back again today, only because I was rushed for lunch and thought i'd give them another shot, since the food was ok last time. 

I again ordered the veggie platter and was told it would be 20 minutes because they were slammed.  At the time they had three customers waiting that had already ordered. 20 minutes for a meal that has everything already made and just needs to be put in a to-go container. No thanks. 

On top of this the staff is not really overly friendly. I'd skip this place.
Family owned and operated.  Love it.  Always freshly made and very yummy.
The best Shawarma in Kitchener!  I've had better elsewhere, but if you are looking for Shawarma in Kitchener, this is the place.  There was another Shawarma place here, but frankly I haven not noticed much of a change since the change.

Highland Halal Shawarma keeps the menu pretty simple.  Shawarmas are the big draw, but there are also Gyros, Falafels and Fresh Cut Fries.  I am a big fan of the Full Flavour Shawarma, which has pickles, sauce and lots of chicken.  The place is pretty small and it really is only set up for takeout (there are two stools for customers in the whole restaurant, and it can get pretty busy here).
Good things come in small packages
Gyros here are to die for.  LOVE IT.